getsurreyLoad mobile navigation News Latest News Surrey News Property News Business Health Nostalgia Crime Politics Education Motors UK & World NewsExpand What's on Latest What's on Arts & Culture Comedy Family & Kids Film & TV Food & Drink Music & NightlifeExpand Sport Football Crime Health Nostalgia In Your Area Guildford Woking Camberley Staines See all locationsExpand Sign in My Account Sign Out facebook twitter instagram Jobs Motors Property Directory Family Notices BuySell Dating Book an Ad Buy a Photo Contact Us About Us Advertise with Us Competition Rules Goal Time Terms & Conditions How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Policy Cookie Policy RSS Feeds © 2016 Trinity Mirror Southern Home News Business Egham News Gillette confirms plans to move 250 Egham workers to Reading Owner Proctor and Gamble agreed to sell its research centre at Rusham Park to Royal Holloway University in July 2016  Share  Comments ByZosia Eyres 18:40, 2 FEB 2017 News P&G's Egham site was sold to Royal Holloway University last year (Photo: TMS)  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Some 250 Gillette workers, based in Egham, could soon be moved to Reading if the company gets permission to build a new research and development laboratory. Procter and Gamble (P&G), which owns Gillette, has applied for planning permission to extend its building in Whitley, and build a research facility, offices, a warehouse and a multi-storey car park. The workers would move from P&G's Greater London Innovation Centre, based at Rusham Park in Egham, and join around 200 employees who already work at the Reading site. P&G announced in July last year it had agreed to sell its research centre at Rusham Park to Royal Holloway university. Read More Procter & Gamble sells Egham office to Royal Holloway university As part of the deal, the company would occupy the land for the next three to five years. The company produces and develops a wide range of products and tests razors at its Reading base. The move of the workforce to the Reading base would "allow consolidation of activities" according to the planning documents. P&G want to build a high quality research facility in Reading with 56 laboratory units that enables its scientists to "thrive in an increasingly competitive world". Reading Borough Council's planning applications committee is due to decide whether to approve or reject the plans at a meeting on Wednesday February 8. Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @getsurrey Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Royal Holloway Egham News all Most Read Most Recent Surrey NewsStorm Doris: Advice for driving in the rain issued amid severe weather warning "Reduce your speed, be extra vigilant of other road users and be particularly careful when overtaking high-sided vehicles," the advice states SlyfieldGuildford Slyfield Regeneration Project granted £20 million Local Enterprise Partnership funding New investment has been pledged to create more than 10,000 jobs, as well as unlock development of more than 1,000 new homes in the Guildford area WeatherStorm Doris: Met Office extends yellow warning of rain as gusts of 40-50mph expected in Surrey The Met Office has extended a yellow warning into the early hours of Saturday morning (February 4) as Doris approaches Englefield GreenAppeal launched to trace missing Egham woman believed to be driving black Audi The 58-year-old is believed to be driving a black Audi with registration number RF62 DXV FarnhamFarnham A325 police incident: Female pedestrian dies following crash with motorbike and car which failed to stop Police are trying to find a “dark coloured people carrier-style car, which may have front end damage” which failed to stop at the scene Surrey NewsStorm Doris: Advice for driving in the rain issued amid severe weather warning "Reduce your speed, be extra vigilant of other road users and be particularly careful when overtaking high-sided vehicles," the advice states GoogleStorm Doris: Breaking news, traffic and travel updates from across Surrey, February 3 Live updates from around Surrey on news, sport, entertainment, traffic and travel and weather Surrey Fire and Rescue ServiceSurrey Fire and Rescue Service to crack down on false alarms after revealing 98% of calls are bogus Surrey Fire and Rescue Service answered 16,000 fire alarm calls in the past five years -  98% of which were false alarms Music & NightlifeCeline Dion London O2 Arena shows - how to get tickets Celine Dion is performing two nights at the O2 Arena, marking her first shows here in almost a decade British AirwaysBritish Airways cabin crew strike: Airline vows ALL passengers will get to destinations during second wave of industrial action Cabin staff will walkout over February 9-11 in a row over pay - but BA says it will get all passengers to their destinations Most Read Most Recent Surrey NewsStorm Doris: Advice for driving in the rain issued amid severe weather warning "Reduce your speed, be extra vigilant of other road users and be particularly careful when overtaking high-sided vehicles," the advice states SlyfieldGuildford Slyfield Regeneration Project granted £20 million Local Enterprise Partnership funding New investment has been pledged to create more than 10,000 jobs, as well as unlock development of more than 1,000 new homes in the Guildford area WeatherStorm Doris: Met Office extends yellow warning of rain as gusts of 40-50mph expected in Surrey The Met Office has extended a yellow warning into the early hours of Saturday morning (February 4) as Doris approaches Englefield GreenAppeal launched to trace missing Egham woman believed to be driving black Audi The 58-year-old is believed to be driving a black Audi with registration number RF62 DXV FarnhamFarnham A325 police incident: Female pedestrian dies following crash with motorbike and car which failed to stop Police are trying to find a “dark coloured people carrier-style car, which may have front end damage” which failed to stop at the scene Surrey NewsStorm Doris: Advice for driving in the rain issued amid severe weather warning "Reduce your speed, be extra vigilant of other road users and be particularly careful when overtaking high-sided vehicles," the advice states GoogleStorm Doris: Breaking news, traffic and travel updates from across Surrey, February 3 Live updates from around Surrey on news, sport, entertainment, traffic and travel and weather Surrey Fire and Rescue ServiceSurrey Fire and Rescue Service to crack down on false alarms after revealing 98% of calls are bogus Surrey Fire and Rescue Service answered 16,000 fire alarm calls in the past five years -  98% of which were false alarms Music & NightlifeCeline Dion London O2 Arena shows - how to get tickets Celine Dion is performing two nights at the O2 Arena, marking her first shows here in almost a decade British AirwaysBritish Airways cabin crew strike: Airline vows ALL passengers will get to destinations during second wave of industrial action Cabin staff will walkout over February 9-11 in a row over pay - but BA says it will get all passengers to their destinations Top Stories Surrey Fire and Rescue ServiceSurrey Fire and Rescue Service to crack down on false alarms after revealing 98% of calls are bogus Surrey Fire and Rescue Service answered 16,000 fire alarm calls in the past five years -  98% of which were false alarms UK & World NewsCourgette crisis escalates: Supermarkets begin RATIONING vegetables as suppliers affected by bad weather Morrisons has even imposed a limit of three iceberg lettuces and three heads of broccoli per customer at each of its 492 UK stores SlyfieldGuildford Slyfield Regeneration Project granted £20 million Local Enterprise Partnership funding New investment has been pledged to create more than 10,000 jobs, as well as unlock development of more than 1,000 new homes in the Guildford area Surrey NewsStorm Doris: Advice for driving in the rain issued amid severe weather warning "Reduce your speed, be extra vigilant of other road users and be particularly careful when overtaking high-sided vehicles," the advice states Englefield GreenAppeal launched to trace missing Egham woman believed to be driving black Audi The 58-year-old is believed to be driving a black Audi with registration number RF62 DXV WeatherStorm Doris: Met Office extends yellow warning of rain as gusts of 40-50mph expected in Surrey The Met Office has extended a yellow warning into the early hours of Saturday morning (February 4) as Doris approaches British AirwaysBritish Airways cabin crew strike: Airline vows ALL passengers will get to destinations during second wave of industrial action Cabin staff will walkout over February 9-11 in a row over pay - but BA says it will get all passengers to their destinations Surrey County CouncilSurrey street lights switch-off: Poll reveals 51% of drivers feel unsafe driving on unlit roads Surrey County Council's cabinet have approved a proposal to switch-off 44,000 street lights between midnight and 5am - but there are concerns M23M23 closure: Major delays remain following motorway closure for emergency overhead power cable repairs Drivers are advised to plan their journeys and allow additional time if required GuildfordWoman taken to hospital after falling off motorbike in Guildford Surrey Police has confirmed the motorcyclist's injuries are not thought to be serious GuildfordGuildford Kings College to be supported by new 'educational alliance' after scathing Ofsted report Kings College has been placed in special measures following an inadequate rating by Ofsted - but new support is being made available to the school Southern RailASLEF union and Southern Rail come to agreement over driver-only trains The train drivers' union came to an agreement with Southern operator Govia-Thameslink Railway on Thursday, which will be put to a referendum Storm Doris: Advice for driving in the rain issued amid severe weather warning Guildford Slyfield Regeneration Project granted £20 million Local Enterprise Partnership funding Storm Doris: Met Office extends yellow warning of rain as gusts of 40-50mph expected in Surrey Appeal launched to trace missing Egham woman believed to be driving black Audi Farnham A325 police incident: Female pedestrian dies following crash with motorbike and car which failed to stop Guildford Woodbridge Road incident: Woman taken to hospital after falling off motorbike Guildford Kings College to be supported by new 'educational alliance' after scathing Ofsted report M23 closure: Recap updates after motorway closed for emergency overhead power cable repairs Surrey Fire and Rescue Service to crack down on false alarms after revealing 98% of calls are bogus Woking sinkhole appears BIGGER after 48 hours despite council assurances it was fixed M23 CLOSED in both directions for up to three hours near Gatwick Airport due to overhead power cable work M23 closure: Police despair as dozens of vehicles reportedly 'driving the wrong way down the motorway' after power cable repairs Storm Doris: Breaking news, traffic and travel updates from across Surrey, February 3 Gillette confirms plans to move 250 Egham workers to Reading Hog's Back safety works to close lanes between Guildford and Farnham for two weeks British Airways cabin crew strike: Airline vows ALL passengers will get to destinations during second wave of industrial action Guildford Woodbridge Road incident: Person treated after suspected collision Daniel Sommerville's mother speaks of 'living her own life sentence' on the second anniversary of son's death Chessington World of Adventures 'assessing contingency plans' ahead of August Chessington South station closure Man who stole Tolworth cop's bike and rode off wearing a pair of pink rollerblades ordered to carry out unpaid work News What's On Sport Football Follow us facebook twitter instagram Contact Us About Us Advertise with Us Competition Rules Goal Time Terms & Conditions How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Policy Cookie Policy RSS Feeds © 2016 Trinity Mirror Southern This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Procter & Gamble Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Zacks Investment Research Lowers The Blackstone Group L.P. (BX) to Hold Citigroup Inc. (C) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research CV Holdings Inc (CBF) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Short Interest in Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Drops By 10.4% Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mastercard Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (MA) Brokerages Set $3.00 Price Target for Tremor Video, Inc. (TRMR) Intertek Group plc’s (ITRK) Outperform Rating Reaffirmed at BNP Paribas BNP Paribas Reiterates “Neutral” Rating for Experian plc (EXPN) Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for Paddy Power Plc (PAP) Essex Property Trust, Inc. (ESS) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Emerson Electric Company (EMR) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Ngl Energy Partners Lp (NGL) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Mueller Water Products (MWA) Issues Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.01 EPS Stifel Nicolaus Increases Vantiv, Inc. (VNTV) Price Target to $63.00 Webster Financial Corporation (WBS) Downgraded by Wells Fargo & Co United States Steel Corporation (X) Lifted to Overweight at Morgan Stanley Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) Rating Reiterated by J P Morgan Chase & Co Adams Diversified Equity Fund, Inc. (ADX) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 8th Calamos Global Total Return Fund (CGO) Announces Monthly Dividend of $0.10 Trustmark Corporation (TRMK) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.44 Per Share Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG) Stake Increased by Robeco Institutional Asset Management B.V. Posted by Jacob Kohn on Feb 2nd, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Robeco Institutional Asset Management B.V. boosted its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) by 17.2% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 468,656 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 68,727 shares during the period. Robeco Institutional Asset Management B.V.’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Company (The) were worth $42,062,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Financial Architects Inc raised its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 39.8% in the second quarter. Financial Architects Inc now owns 7,109 shares of the company’s stock worth $602,000 after buying an additional 2,025 shares during the last quarter. RidgeWorth Capital Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 20.5% in the second quarter. RidgeWorth Capital Management LLC now owns 1,488,391 shares of the company’s stock worth $126,186,000 after buying an additional 252,832 shares during the last quarter. Acadian Asset Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 12.7% in the second quarter. Acadian Asset Management LLC now owns 4,679,269 shares of the company’s stock worth $396,194,000 after buying an additional 528,466 shares during the last quarter. Diversified Trust Co raised its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 0.5% in the third quarter. Diversified Trust Co now owns 20,866 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,873,000 after buying an additional 109 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Private Asset Management Inc. raised its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 2.6% in the third quarter. Private Asset Management Inc. now owns 79,440 shares of the company’s stock worth $7,130,000 after buying an additional 2,039 shares during the last quarter. 68.59% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE:PG) traded up 0.807% during trading on Thursday, reaching $88.035. 4,675,785 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $85.19 and a 200-day moving average price of $86.02. The company has a market cap of $225.06 billion, a PE ratio of 16.130 and a beta of 0.64. Procter & Gamble Company has a 12-month low of $79.10 and a 12-month high of $90.33. Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Friday, January 20th. The company reported $1.08 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.06 by $0.02. Procter & Gamble Company (The) had a net margin of 23.44% and a return on equity of 18.58%. The business earned $16.90 billion during the quarter. During the same period last year, the company earned $1.04 EPS. The business’s quarterly revenue was down .3% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Procter & Gamble Company will post $3.85 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Stockholders of record on Friday, January 20th will be issued a $0.6695 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, January 18th. This represents a $2.68 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.07%. Procter & Gamble Company (The)’s dividend payout ratio is currently 48.73%. WARNING: “Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG) Stake Increased by Robeco Institutional Asset Management B.V.” was first posted by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this article can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/02/procter-gamble-company-the-pg-stake-increased-by-robeco-institutional-asset-management-b-v.html. PG has been the subject of a number of analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research lowered Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, October 21st. Argus upgraded Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and increased their price target for the stock from $88.54 to $103.00 in a research note on Wednesday, October 12th. Citigroup Inc. restated a “buy” rating on shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) in a research report on Wednesday, October 26th. Vetr lowered Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $92.75 price objective for the company. in a research report on Monday, October 10th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC set a $93.00 price objective on Procter & Gamble Company (The) and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, November 21st. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, fifteen have issued a hold rating and ten have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $90.02. In other news, SVP Valarie L. Sheppard sold 20,910 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, January 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $87.00, for a total value of $1,819,170.00. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now directly owns 37,835 shares in the company, valued at approximately $3,291,645. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, insider Marc S. Pritchard sold 47,252 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, January 23rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $87.14, for a total transaction of $4,117,539.28. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 151,643 shares in the company, valued at $13,214,171.02. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders sold 121,389 shares of company stock worth $10,583,822. Company insiders own 0.35% of the company’s stock. Procter & Gamble Company (The) Company Profile The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Kadant Inc (KAI) Position Maintained by Swiss National Bank Next » Swiss National Bank Sells 2,200 Shares of TeleTech Holdings, Inc. (TTEC) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
getreadingLoad mobile navigation News Latest News Reading & Berkshire News Business Education Politics Crime Health Traffic and Travel Motors Berkshire History UK & World News News OpinionExpand What's On Latest What's On Things To Do Reading Family & Kids Food & Drink Comedy Music & Nightlife Theatre Film Shopping CompetitionsExpand Sport Latest Sport Reading FC London Irish Other Sport Sport Opinion RugbyExpand Reading FC History Business Traffic & Travel In Your Area Reading Wokingham Bracknell See All AreasExpand Sign in My Account Sign Out facebook twitter instagram Jobs Motors Property Business Directory Dating BuySell Buy a Photo Book an Ad Contact Us About Us Submit Your Events Competition Rules How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy RSS Feeds © 2016 Trinity Mirror Southern Home News Business Whitley News Plans to extend Whitley Gillette offices for 300 extra staff Proctor and Gamble, which owns Gillette, wants planning permission to build new laboratories, offices and a multi storey car park  Share  Comments ByNathan Hyde 05:00, 2 FEB 2017 News Gillette in Basingstoke Road (Photo: Trinity Mirror Southern)  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Up to 300 staff could soon start work at Reading's Gillette headquarters if the company gets permission to build a new research and development laboratory. Proctor and Gamble, which owns Gillette, has applied for planning permission to extend its building in Basingstoke Road, Whitley, and build a research facility, offices, a warehouse and a multi-storey car park. It is also looking to demolish the 'return wing' and a ground floor security building to make way for the new buildings. The company produces and develops a wide range of products and tests razors at its Reading base, where around 200 employees work. But the planning documents submitted to Reading Borough Council state that if the development goes ahead "the number of staff would increase from current ca 200 to a maximum of 500". Read More Plans revealed for University of Reading's £50m science block Proctor and Gamble want to move 250 employees from its Greater London Innovation Centre in Egham to its Reading base once it has been expanded and refurbished, to "allow consolidation of activities". Looking for work? Take a look at 718 jobs available in Berkshire The council's planning applications committee is due to decide whether to approve or reject the plans at a meeting on Wednesday, February 8. Plans for Gillette Building in Whitley (Photo: UGCTMS) The company is planning to build a high quality research facility with 56 laboratory units that enables its scientists to "thrive in an increasingly competitive world". Read More Plans for 25 metre 'pop up' swimming pool in Reading submitted In the planning application, it says it is aiming to create "a well-designed, and well-constructed facility, providing a suitable environment to meet the challenges of the ever growing and changing commercial sector". The new lab facilities would be housed inside a two-storey building that also contains offices. There are also plans to build a multi-storey car park with 190 spaces and redevelop the building known as the "Atrium", which separates the labs and offices. The company wants it to house "floating pods" which will be suspended high up and used as collaboration spaces. Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @getreading Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Reading Whitley South Reading Employment News all Most Read Most Recent ReadingReading workers second best paid in the country, says new report A new report titled 'Cities Outlook 2017' says Reading workers take home an average weekly wage of £697 Donald TrumpReading protesters stand up against Donald Trump's travel ban Around 50 people attended a protest outside Reading Town Hall TVKris Marshall quits Death in Paradise and Father Ted star will replace him Kris is leaving to spend more time with his family CrimeReading HBOS 'parasite' banker jailed for more than 11 years for his part in £245m scam Lynden Scourfield admitted corruption and money laundering charges following the "longest and most complex" investigation in Thames Valley Police's history BrexitBrexit vote: How did Berkshire MPs vote on Article 50? 498 MPs voted to back the Brexit Bill after a two-day debate in the House of Commons ReadingThe Dreamboys are coming to Reading and it's going to be full of 'music, muscles and mayhem' Here's all you need to know about how to get tickets for the show at The Hexagon Berkshire LiveBreaking news for Reading and Berkshire on Friday February 3 All you need to know about what's happening in Reading, Bracknell, Wokingham and beyond ReadingReading workers second best paid in the country, says new report A new report titled 'Cities Outlook 2017' says Reading workers take home an average weekly wage of £697 West BerkshireWest Berkshire children's services are improving but young people are still at risk, says Ofsted The education watchdog report states more consistency is needed to protect children Reading'Parasite' fraud gang jailed, article 50 and cash boost for Reading FC: Today's top stories The stories you've been reading on Thursday, February 4 Most Read Most Recent Reading FCWhere Football Manager thinks Reading FC will finish this season - but would you take the result? See what the data says about Reading's end to the season ReadingReading workers second best paid in the country, says new report A new report titled 'Cities Outlook 2017' says Reading workers take home an average weekly wage of £697 Donald TrumpReading protesters stand up against Donald Trump's travel ban Around 50 people attended a protest outside Reading Town Hall TVKris Marshall quits Death in Paradise and Father Ted star will replace him Kris is leaving to spend more time with his family CrimeReading HBOS 'parasite' banker jailed for more than 11 years for his part in £245m scam Lynden Scourfield admitted corruption and money laundering charges following the "longest and most complex" investigation in Thames Valley Police's history ReadingThe Dreamboys are coming to Reading and it's going to be full of 'music, muscles and mayhem' Here's all you need to know about how to get tickets for the show at The Hexagon Berkshire LiveBreaking news for Reading and Berkshire on Friday February 3 All you need to know about what's happening in Reading, Bracknell, Wokingham and beyond ReadingReading workers second best paid in the country, says new report A new report titled 'Cities Outlook 2017' says Reading workers take home an average weekly wage of £697 Reading FCWhere Football Manager thinks Reading FC will finish this season - but would you take the result? See what the data says about Reading's end to the season West BerkshireWest Berkshire children's services are improving but young people are still at risk, says Ofsted The education watchdog report states more consistency is needed to protect children Top Stories ReadingReading workers second best paid in the country, says new report A new report titled 'Cities Outlook 2017' says Reading workers take home an average weekly wage of £697 Reading FCWhere Football Manager thinks Reading FC will finish this season - but would you take the result? See what the data says about Reading's end to the season West BerkshireWest Berkshire children's services are improving but young people are still at risk, says Ofsted The education watchdog report states more consistency is needed to protect children CrimeReading HBOS 'parasite' banker jailed for more than 11 years for his part in £245m scam Lynden Scourfield admitted corruption and money laundering charges following the "longest and most complex" investigation in Thames Valley Police's history Reading FCReading FC opinion: The Mad Stad may be mysterious, but fans should be thankful for a superb transfer window Russell Kempson analyses the latest deals and why Stam should keep urging the team to go for the win Donald TrumpReading protesters stand up against Donald Trump's travel ban Around 50 people attended a protest outside Reading Town Hall BerkshireReading could be hit by 50mph winds as Met Office issues weather warning The Met Office is telling people to expect travel disruption and says some trees could be brought down BrexitBrexit vote: How did Berkshire MPs vote on Article 50? 498 MPs voted to back the Brexit Bill after a two-day debate in the House of Commons Reading'Parasite' fraud gang jailed, article 50 and cash boost for Reading FC: Today's top stories The stories you've been reading on Thursday, February 4 ThatchamChild sex abuse in West Berkshire could have been prevented, report finds A serious case review was launched after a teacher and a vicar were jailed for child sex offences Reading FCHave your say: Who makes your strongest Reading FC line-up? Now the transfer window has closed, pick who you think should make Stam's first 11 WhitleyPlans to extend Whitley Gillette offices for 300 extra staff Proctor and Gamble, which owns Gillette, wants planning permission to build new laboratories, offices and a multi storey car park Reading workers second best paid in the country, says new report Reading protesters stand up against Donald Trump's travel ban Kris Marshall quits Death in Paradise and Father Ted star will replace him Reading HBOS 'parasite' banker jailed for more than 11 years for his part in £245m scam Brexit vote: How did Berkshire MPs vote on Article 50? Breaking news for Reading and Berkshire on Friday February 3 'Parasite' fraud gang jailed, article 50 and cash boost for Reading FC: Today's top stories Reading traffic: Problems on the M4 and bus delays in Shinfield Road Plans to extend Whitley Gillette offices for 300 extra staff Reading could be hit by 50mph winds as Met Office issues weather warning West Berkshire children's services are improving but young people are still at risk, says Ofsted Child sex abuse in West Berkshire could have been prevented, report finds Crowthorne business rates increase will 'kill off' small firms Breaking news for Reading and Berkshire on Thursday February 2 Former Reading HBOS banker bankrupts small businesses as part of £245m scam Speeding drivers to face tougher fines under new rules What you can do if someone parks in front of your house – according to the law Victims of former Reading HBOS banker's scam demand compensation Take a look the most expensive homes sold in 2016 - including Toad Hall The best (30 and counting) independent shops in Reading town centre News What's On Sport In Your Area Reading FC History Business Traffic & Travel Reading Wokingham Bracknell Nightlife Follow us facebook twitter instagram Contact Us About Us Submit Your Events Competition Rules How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy RSS Feeds © 2016 Trinity Mirror Southern This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Top News National City Islamabad Karachi Lahore Muzaffarabad Opinion Editorial Articles Voice of People Contributors Zahid Malik M Ziauddin Masood Khan Gen (R) Mirza Aslam Beg Bipin Dani Gen (R) Mirza Aslam Beg Khalid Saleem Kuldip Nayar M D Nalapat M Ziauddin Masood Khan Robert Clements Salahuddin Haider Sultan M Hali The Spirit Of Islam Zahid Malik Sultan M Hali Khalid Saleem M D Nalapat Kuldip Nayar Bipin Dani Salahuddin Haider Robert Clements Business Economy Watch Islamic Banking & Finance Sports World Health e-paper Social Diary Search Home Contact Us LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password Pakistan Observer Top News National City Islamabad Karachi Lahore Muzaffarabad Opinion Editorial Articles Voice of People Contributors Zahid Malik M Ziauddin Masood Khan Gen (R) Mirza Aslam Beg AllBipin DaniGen (R) Mirza Aslam BegKhalid SaleemKuldip NayarM D NalapatM ZiauddinMasood KhanRobert ClementsSalahuddin HaiderSultan M HaliThe Spirit Of IslamZahid Malik Articles Greater Israel: Trump’s lethal support Articles Durand Line saga Articles Pakistan’s MIRVs prowess Articles CPEC: A corridor of certainty Sultan M Hali Khalid Saleem M D Nalapat Kuldip Nayar Bipin Dani Salahuddin Haider Robert Clements Business Economy Watch Islamic Banking & Finance Sports World Health e-paper Social Diary Home Economy Watch P&G CEO expresses strong commitment to Pakistan economy Economy Watch P&G CEO expresses strong commitment to Pakistan economy By Webmaster - February 2, 2017 0 15 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Staff Reporter Karachi P&G Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, David Taylor met the Prime Minister of Pakistan, Mr. Mohammad Nawaz Sharif in Davos on the sidelines of the recent World Economic Forum confirming P&G’s commitment to serve Pakistani consumers and expressing optimism about the potential and business climate of Pakistan. David Taylor shared with the Prime Minister facts about P&G’s operations in Pakistan which has enabled P&G to celebrate 25 years of its presence in the country with great success. He said P&G’s presence in Pakistan is strong and getting stronger. Since its first shipment in Pakistan in August 1991, P&G has grown to be amongst the top fast moving consumer goods companies in Pakistan and has launched premium quality brands which are amongst leading household names in their categories. “For the past 25 years, we have improved Pakistani lives through P&G’s iconic and consumer-preferred brands, our investment in local manufacturing facilities, the creation of direct and indirect employment, and our contributions to help communities in need. With the potential Pakistan has to offer as well as the strong partnership we enjoy with the both the Government of Pakistan and local retailers, we remain committed to serving Pakistani consumers in the years ahead.” Share this: Print Email Tweet Related SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleKiK launches initiative to improve building safety Next articleBankIslami signs strategic alliance with Lootlo.pk Webmaster RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Economy Watch WB impressed by fast execution of development projects in Pakistan Economy Watch KSE-100 index bounces back to recovery Economy Watch Dollar edges up Digital Newspaper Social Diary Bahawalpur City of Education and Palaces Management Founder: Zahid Malik Editor-in-Cheif: Faisal Zahid Malik Executive Editor: Gauhar Zahid Malik Editor Social Diary: Sadia Zahid Malik E-Mail : socialdiarymag@gmail.com magazinesocialdiary@hotmail.com Resident Editor Lahore: Khalid Butt E-Mail: obslhr@pakobserver.net Resident Editor Peshawar: Tariq Saeed E-Mail: obspwr@pakobserver.net Group Director : Khurram Jaffrani E-Mail: khurram_jaffrani@hotmail.com Director Marketing : Naveed Ahmad Khan Cell # 0300-5129008 Contact Us Online Edition : Q Malik / Ch Imran Zafar E-Mail: webmaster@pakobserver.net Islamabad: 051-2852027, 051-2852028 E-Mail : observer@pakobserver.net Karachi: 021-35308446-49 E-Mail : obskhi@pakobserver.net Lahore: 042-36306666, 36303333 E-Mail : obslhr@pakobserver.net ABOUT USHead Office Address: Daily Pakistan Observer, Ali AKbar House , Markez G-8, Islamabad Contact us: observer@pakobserver.net FOLLOW US Home Health Voice of People © Copy Rights Reserved . Daily Pakistan Observer MORE STORIES US acknowledges Pakistan’s economic turnaround December 31, 2016 KSE-100 index keeps up bullish run, gains 187 points August 10, 2016 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
메뉴 바로가기 검색 바로가기 본문 바로가기 오늘 날짜 2 0 1 7년 0 2월 0 3일 금요일 실시간뉴스속보 특검, 靑이어 특별감찰관 사무실 압수수색도 실패 '해빙' 이청아 "강박증 내과의사로 변신한 조진웅, 흥미로... 아이디스, 주당 200원 현금배당 아이디스, 지난해 영업손 12억원…적자 전환 종근당바이오, 지난해 영업익 116억원…전년比 44.4%↑ 구하라, 지드래곤과 열애설 부인 "함께 놀이공원 간 것일 ... 호실적 코스피…엇갈린 '명암' 대규모 적자 낸 포스코건설, 신용등급 하락 위기 주요국 재정확대에 글로벌 인플레이션 압력 커져 오늘 읽어야 할 아경 연예/스포츠 뉴스 Top10 열기 멈춤 실시간 속보 전체보기 2017.02.03(금요일) 특검, 靑이어 특별감찰관 사무실 압수수색도 실패18:20 '해빙' 이청아 "강박증 내과의사로 변신한 조진웅, 흥...18:16 아이디스, 주당 200원 현금배당18:16 아이디스, 지난해 영업손 12억원…적자 전환18:15 종근당바이오, 지난해 영업익 116억원…전년比 44.4%...18:13 구하라, 지드래곤과 열애설 부인 "함께 놀이공원 간 ...18:10 호실적 코스피…엇갈린 '명암'18:05 대규모 적자 낸 포스코건설, 신용등급 하락 위기18:04 주요국 재정확대에 글로벌 인플레이션 압력 커져18:04 오늘 읽어야 할 아경 연예/스포츠 뉴스 Top1018:00 close 페이스북 공유트위터 공유 검색 열기 검색입력폼 전체메뉴 열기 뉴스 오피니언 증권 자동차 연예스포츠 골프 포토 플러스 엔조이아경 티잼 [뉴스] 정치 사회 산업/IT 경제/금융 부동산 라이프 국제 [전국] 호남 수도권 중부 [증권] 증권뉴스 루머앤진실 스몰캡 재테크 불스클럽 [오피니언] 칼럼 실감현장 아시아블로그 [자동차] 자동차 뉴스 자동차 갤러리 자동차 스페셜 [포토] 포토다큐 포토갤러리 포토뉴스 동영상 포토아카이브 [연예스포츠] 연예스타 스포츠 해외뉴스 [엔조이아경] 펀캐스트 네티즌와글와글 만화 [골프] 골프기획 골프레슨 골프칼럼 골프휴먼 골프용품 골프포토 골프일반 전체뉴스 [플러스] 기획 이슈 골드에이지 스페셜뷰 카드뉴스 인포그래픽스 네티즌핫이슈 에듀아시아 리빙푸드 티잼 양낙규의 디펜스 클럽 박희준의 육도삼략 구세경의 두근두근 pdf 지면보기 noon P&G 팸퍼스 기저귀, 독성물질 검출 논란…“팸...관련기사 전체메뉴 열기 [뉴스] 정치 사회 산업/IT 경제/금융 부동산 라이프 국제 [전국] 호남 수도권 중부 [증권] 증권뉴스 루머앤진실 스몰캡 재테크 [오피니언] 사설 칼럼 기자수첩 아시아블로그 [자동차] 자동차 뉴스 자동차 갤러리 자동차 스페셜 [포토] 포토다큐 포토갤러리 포토뉴스 동영상 포토아카이브 [연예스포츠] 연예스타 스포츠 해외뉴스 [엔조이아경] 펀캐스트 네티즌와글와글 만화 [골프] 골프기획 골프레슨 골프칼럼 골프휴먼 골프용품 골프포토 골프일반 전체뉴스 [플러스] 기획 이슈 골드에이지 스페셜뷰 카드뉴스 인포그래픽스 네티즌핫이슈 에듀아시아 리빙푸드 양낙규의 디펜스 클럽 박희준의 육도삼략 구세경의 두근두근 pdf 지면보기 noon [AD] 홈> 뉴스>사회 P&G 팸퍼스 기저귀, 독성물질 검출 논란…“팸퍼스만 썼는데 애기한테 미안해” 최종수정 2017.02.03 13:01 기사입력 2017.02.03 13:01 글꼴설정 글꼴설정 맑은 고딕 돋움 바탕 폰트확대 폰트확대 폰트축소 폰트축소 스크랩 스크랩 프린트 프린트 RSS RSS 기사제보 기사제보 페이스북 트위터 카카오스토리 네이버밴드 네이버블로그 이메일 사진=아시아경제 DB [아시아경제 최누리 인턴기자] 한국 피앤지(P&G)가 국내에서 유통하는 수입 기저귀 ‘팸퍼스’ 일부 폼목에서 독성 물질이 검출됐다는 해외 언론 보도가 논란이 되고 있다. 지난달 24일 소비 전문지 '6000만 소비자들' 최신호는 프랑스 내에서 유통되는 기저귀 브랜드 12종 가운데 피앤지의 ‘팸퍼스 베이비 드라이’ 제품에서 다이옥신·살충제 두 가지 유독 성분이 검출됐다고 발표했다. 다이옥신은 고엽제 파동을 일으킨 맹독성 물질이고, 살충제는 세계보건기구가 발암물질로 분류돼 있다. 해당 제품은 한국 피앤지를 통해 국내에도 유통되고 있다. 한국 피앤지는 국내 기저귀 시장점유율 13~14%를 차지한 2위 업체다. 한국 피앤지 측은 “기준치 이하라 문제없다”고 해명했다. 앞서 한국 피앤지는 2012년 10월에도 베트남산 ‘다우니 베리베리와 바닐라크림향’ 제품에서 유독 물질인 글루타알데히드와 개미산이 검출됐다는 소비자시민모임 소시모의 주장에 논란이 됐다. 당시 소시모는 “글루타알데히드가 미국산 다우니에는 없었으나 베트남산에는 함유된 채 국내에서 팔리고 있다”고 지적했다. 그러자 한국피앤지는 지식경제부 산하 기술표준원으로부터 다우니가 안전기준에 적합함을 확인받았다고 반박했다. 방부제로 사용되는 글루타알레히드는 과민성 물질로 국내에서는 환경부 ‘유해화학물질관리법’에 따라 유독물(97-1-5)로 지정 관리하고 있다. 이에 네티즌들은 “다른 기저귀 쓰면 발진 나서 태어나서부터 지금까지 팸퍼스만 쓴 내딸. 아침부터 화나고 이런 일 생기면 애미만 애한테 미안하고” (나무야***), “아... 팸퍼스... ㅠㅠ적은 수치라지만 발암물질인데 안전이라니” (얀이냥***), “ 기준치 이하든 애초에 기저귀에 살충제랑 발암물질이 있는게 말이 돼?” (힘내요***) 등의 반응을 보였다. 최누리 인턴기자 asdwezx1@asiae.co.kr <!-- --> <!-- --> <!-- --> [속보]'서울대 출신' 유시민 딸, 충격 과거 [속보]"반기문, 박근혜에게 한 말이 결정타" [속보]김무성 불출마한다더니 이제와서… [속보]'박근혜 딸' 정유라 절대 아니라더니… 난리난 '박근혜 나체' 10년전 실제로… <ⓒ세계를 보는 창 경제를 보는 눈, 아시아경제(www.asiae.co.kr) 무단전재 배포금지> [일반] 최신뉴스 특검, 靑이어 특별감찰관 사무실 압수수색도 ... 한강 야생조류 폐사체서 AI 검출…서울시, 인... [인턴편지]오후 퇴근하면서 디지털 뉴스룸의 ... 일베, 선화예고 성폭행 예고장…범인 잡혔지... <!-- --> 오늘 본 뉴스 스크랩보기 P&G 팸퍼스 기저귀, 독성물질 ...18:22 스크랩삭제 <!-- --> 티잼 박근령 편지 속 '형님' 근혜 "힘내요 우리... 포토갤러리 이전 1/3 다음 남자들이 훔쳐본 '美의 여신 TOP 10' [금주의 여신 10] 여자도 반한 몸매종결자 이규철 특검보, 남다른 출근길 패션 가장많이본뉴스 1김무성 재등판설에…"망가지려 ... 반기문 전 유엔 사무총장의 대선판 중도하차가 결정되면서 바른정당... 2서경석 “박근혜 탄핵되든 하야하든 솔직히... 3일베 회원, "선화예고 학생 납치해 성폭행... 4이번엔 못빠져나간 왕실장..고법 "김기춘, ... 5국산헬기 수리온 비행 전면금지 6[양낙규의 Defence Club]EMP공격도 막는 ‘... 7특검 압수수색 임박 소식…靑 "예의주시" 8박근령, 朴대통령 생일에 눈물의 영상편지 ... 9조응천, 청와대 압수수색 거부에 “군색한 ... 10수리온 외면하는 정부… “국내 판로개척 ... 인기 포토 갤러리 깜짝 놀란 이국적인 미모 누워있어도 완벽한 볼륨 터치 부르는 탄력 힙라인 상상초월 글래머 몸매 미스맥심 육감 몸매 시선둘 곳 없는 일상 사진 아름다운 근육질 몸매 눈을 뗄 수 없는 섹시 화보 스투닷컴 스포츠 연예 포토 김동성♥오유진 "이혼 소송... [데이비스컵]정현, 파지에... '첼시 레전드' 램파드, 현... 유승민 딸 유담·유시민 딸... 엄상미, 슬립한장 걸치고 ... '뉴스룸' 손석희 "역사의 ... 박수연, 남심 자극하는 근... 이하늬, 장수 속옷모델 우... 미스맥심, 파격적인 노출[S... 펀캐스트 #본격_고프로_지름각 #내_휴가는_... 참...쉽죠? 와글와글 엄마 제가 산책시킬게요! 나 출근 어떻게 하지 만화 [멜랑꼴리] 5440화 오류 검문 삐리리 아시아경제 추천뉴스 루머앤진실 주요뉴스 하이비젼, 美 테슬라에 자율주행용 부품 상... 하이비젼시스템은 7일 테슬라의 자율주행 차량에 자율주행용 카메라 검사... 리빙푸드 「오늘의 레시피」에그베이크드 해조류(다시마, 쇠미역, 꼬시래기, 매생... 아시아경제 추천뉴스 루머앤진실 주요뉴스 청와대 특검, 제한적 수색과 거리 멀어 면세점 싸움에 새우등…중기청장 황당 피소 대통령 측 고영태에 ‘조우송달’ 해달라 헌... 금감원 부서장급 이상 주식 거래 전면금지 뛰어도 멈춰도 가시밭길…'황교안의 딜레마' 리빙푸드 「오늘의 레시피」에그베이크드 해조류(다시마, 쇠미역, 꼬시래기, 매생... 아시아경제 TV 대규모 적자 낸 포스코건설, 신용... 주요국 재정확대에 글로벌 인플레... <!-- --> 안드로이드 앱다운로드 아이폰 앱다운로드 맨위로 회사소개/약관 회사소개 회사공고 광고문의 제휴문의 구독문의 기사제보 채용정보 개인정보취급방침 사이트맵 고충처리 주소 : 서울특별시 중구 충무로 29 아시아미디어타워 10-11층 ㅣ 인터넷신문등록번호 : 서울 아00058 ㅣ 등록일자 2005.09.13 ㅣ 발행.편집인 : 최영범 청소년보호책임자 : 이상국 아시아경제호남 ㅣ 주소 : 광주광역시 북구 첨단연신로108길 51-10, 1층 ㅣ 인터넷신문등록번호 : 광주 아-00194 ㅣ 등록일 : 2015. 02. 02 ㅣ 발행인 : 이상민, 편집인 : 박호재 아시아경제의 모든 콘텐츠(기사)는 저작권법의 보호를 받는 바, 무단전재, 복사, 배포 등을 금합니다. [콘텐츠 문의] Copyright ⓒ 아시아경제 All rights reserved. 패밀리사이트 스포츠투데이 포토아카이브 아시아경제TV 팍스넷 티브이데일리 리더스경제신문 퍼스트클럽
null
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search POLL: Will P&G's Forceful Call to Arms Reform the Digital Ad Economy? By Nat Ives - 6 minutes ago Array 0 How Independent Publishers Can Fight the Google-Facebook Duopoly By Alex Merwin - 37 minutes ago Array 0 Ten Tips for Fighting Gender Bias and Sexual Harassment in the Workplace By Kerry Beutel - 52 minutes ago Array 0 And the Most-Liked Instagram Photo Ever Is ... By Simon Dumenco - 1 hour ago Array 0 Watch Justin Bieber Talk Dance Moves In T-Mobile's Super Bowl Ad 2 hours ago Array 0 Honda Brings Celebrity Yearbook Photos to Life in Super Bowl Ad By E.J. Schultz and Ann-Christine Diaz - 2 hours ago 0 POLL: Will P&G's Forceful Call to Arms Reform the Digital Ad Economy? By Nat Ives - 6 minutes ago 0 Want a Successful Native Ad Campaign? That'll Be $450,000, Please By George Slefo - 4 hours ago 0 Spuds MacKenzie Is Back -- as a Ghost in Bud Light Super Bowl Ad By E.J. Schultz - 4 hours ago 0 TEN's Lowrider Video Series a Branded Content Win for Quaker State 2 hours ago 0 See Budweiser's Super Bowl Ad About an Immigrant's Tale By E.J. Schultz - 2 days ago 0 Snapchat Launches Ad Tech Platform 2.0 Inspired by Facebook's Model By Garett Sloane - Yesterday 0 Facebook Gives Marketers New Data Tools to Compare to TV By Garett Sloane - 2 days ago 0 See Melissa McCarthy in Kia's No-Sacrifices-Environmentalism Super Bowl Ad By E.J. Schultz - Yesterday 0 This Is What Happened When We Tried to Spend a $5 Million Super Bowl Budget on Facebook By Todd Lombardo - Yesterday 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US POLL: Will P&G's Forceful Call to Arms Reform the Digital Ad Economy? By Nat Ives. Published on February 02, 2017. Procter & Gamble Chief Brand Officer Marc Pritchard has unleashed a broadside against the way things are done in digital advertising. "The days of giving digital a pass are over," Mr. Pritchard told the Interactive Advertising Bureau's recent annual leadership meeting. "It's time to grow up. It's time for action." P&G, the biggest advertiser in the world, is re-examining all media-agency contracts after it found a surprise in at least one and making all partners use industry-standard viewability metrics, fraud protection and third-party verification. Mr. Pritchard pleaded with other marketers to do the same. "Don't accept the excuses," he said. "Don't wait for someone else to move. ... There is tremendous power in the collective force of our industry." But it's not yet clear whether others will follow, or what will result if they do. Let's hear your prediction. In this article: Ad Tech Agencies CMO Strategy Digital Digital Video Programmatic Most Popular Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
null
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search WPP's GTB Buys U.S. Hispanic Shop Zubi Advertising By Laurel Wentz - just now Array 0 Underrated Super Bowl Ads: McCann's Eric Silver Shares His Favorites By Ann-Christine Diaz - just now Array 0 H&R Block: Now, Watson Can Do Your Taxes By Adrianne Pasquarelli - just now Array 0 Want a Successful Native Ad Campaign? That'll Be $450,000, Please By George Slefo - just now Array 0 #TBT: Super Bowl Dot-Com Ads, From the First to the Boom to the Crazy Bust By Nat Ives - just now Array 0 Super Bowl Reruns? Coke Poised to Run Previously Aired Ads By E.J. Schultz - 13 hours ago 0 See How Audi Plugs Gender Equality in Super Bowl Spot By E.J. Schultz - 17 hours ago 0 Watch John Malkovich Try to Reclaim His (Domain) Name in Squarespace's Super Bowl Ad By Jeanine Poggi - 20 hours ago 0 Avocados From Mexico Kicks Off Nutritional Campaign With Super Bowl Spot By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 19 hours ago 0 Behind Hyundai's Real-Time Super Bowl Ad Production By E.J. Schultz - 22 hours ago 0 See Budweiser's Super Bowl Ad About an Immigrant's Tale By E.J. Schultz - Yesterday 0 Snapchat Launches Ad Tech Platform 2.0 Inspired by Facebook's Model By Garett Sloane - Yesterday 0 Facebook Gives Marketers New Data Tools to Compare to TV By Garett Sloane - Yesterday 0 See Melissa McCarthy in Kia's No-Sacrifices-Environmentalism Super Bowl Ad By E.J. Schultz - 21 hours ago 0 This Is What Happened When We Tried to Spend a $5 Million Super Bowl Budget on Facebook By Todd Lombardo - 23 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Super Bowl Underrated Super Bowl Ads: McCann's Eric Silver Shares His Favorites By Ann-Christine Diaz. Published on February 02, 2017. Not every Super Bowl ad reaches "1984" status, but there are some whose ideas have endured over the years without that kind of legendary acclaim. From now until the Super Bowl, we will be asking some of industry's creative leaders and big game vets to share their thoughts on their picks for most underrated Super Bowl ads. Eric Silver, North American chief creative officer, McCann Credit: McCann For the kickoff, McCann North American Chief Creative Officer Eric Silver, whose own Super Bowl spots have included the hilarious Monster.com's "Double Take" and Fedex's "Stick," pays homage to the "other" Apple, a talking stain and more. Stay tuned for more unsung faves from top industry talents, and check out our Super Bowl archive for more great oldies. Apple "Lemmings" "1984" gets top billing as one of the greatest commercials of all time; this follow-up is often referred to as a total disaster. I wonder how many people are even aware of this spot, which literally, and metaphorically, went over the cliff. Dozens of creatives have taken credit for "1984." I've never heard anyone taking credit for "Lemmings." It's still pretty damn brave, though, especially for the mid-'80s. Google "Parisian Love" I'm sure this successful commercial pissed off tons and tons of marketing "pros" who spent four or five million making their precious Super Bowl entries. Turns out this spot was conceived by a few students recruited from ad and design schools. Further proof that the cardinal rule of advertising always holds true: simple wins the day. Tide "Talking Stain" This one is absolutely incredible for two reasons: obviously it was a low budget win, and it came from, gasp, P&G. At the time, P&G was still a very conservative company and extremely risk-averse. Saatchi delivered this Tide commercial at the start of 2008, around the same time Wieden kicked into gear on Old Spice. I don't know who the CMO at P&G was during that time, but a huge hats off to them for initiating these marketing gambles, and upending what used to be the most boring advertising on the planet. Nomore.org "Listen" Maybe it's easier for organizations to stand out with a serious message against the predictable wall-to-wall comedic shtick of the Super Bowl, but this one was truly remarkable. More than any other Super Bowl commercial I can think of, this one got people to stop, freeze… and think. What a coup for Super Bowl marketing. I don't buy the tie-in with the NFL combating domestic violence. I don't believe Roger Goodell truly cares about this issue, and his enforcement policies are inconsistent at best. Nonetheless, I believe the airing of this commercial stirred up a critically important and overdue discussion, in front of an enormous audience. Jeep "Snow Covered" This commercial was not underrated 20 years ago. I believe it garnered lots of kudos and ran for many years, but it's been forgotten over time and almost never appears on any "Best of Super Bowl Lists" -- yet it should. This took great courage to put on the Super Bowl; it did not employ the typical pedestrian over-the-top humor we are used to, and not once did it feature the product. What it did accomplish, though, was to brilliantly convey Jeep's legendary rugged ethos and end benefit. In this article: Advertising Agencies Creativity Creativity Special Report: Super Bowl Sports Most Popular Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17

02032017Headline: Worldwide Synchronous Squirrel Cage Motors Market Size, Share, Growth, Trends, Industry Analysis and Forecast 2017 By Acute Market Reports 4 mins ago Market Overview – Global Fire Resistant Paints Market Shares, Strategies And Forecasts Worldwide 2017 – By Acute Market Reports 9 mins ago Global Synchronous Squirrel Cage Motors Market Size, Share, Growth, Trends, Industry Analysis and Forecast 2017 By Acute Market Reports 18 mins ago Global Contraceptive Devices Market 2016 to 2021 – Industry Share, Size, Trends and Forecasts By Acute Market Reports 29 mins ago Grape Seed Extracts Market to Reach US$ 700.1 Mn by 2023: Credence Research 36 mins ago Flicks and Bits Flicks and Bits About Us Privacy Policy rss Film Interview Music Business Technology & Media Health Care Food & Beverages Consumer Goods Home Business Worldwide Survey: Facial Serum Sales Market– Opportunities, Regional Outlook, Competitive Insight And Market Overview Worldwide Survey: Facial Serum Sales Market– Opportunities, Regional Outlook, Competitive Insight And Market Overview February 2, 2017 | by Anurag | This report studies sales (consumption) of Facial Serum in Global market, especially in United States, China, Europe, Japan, focuses on top players in these regions/countries, with sales, price, revenue and market share for each player in these regions, covering Beiersdorf Este Lauder L’Oral P&G Shiseido Amway Avon Products Burberry Cadiveu Professional USA Chanel Chatters Canada Clarins Combe Conair Coty Edgewell Personal Care Henkel Helen of Troy Limited Johnson & Johnson Kao LVMH Marchesa Mary Kay O Boticrio Revlon Tom’s of Maine Unilever World Hair Cosmetics Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with sales (consumption), revenue, market share and growth rate of Facial Serum in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like United States China Europe Japan For Full Report With TOC Visit Us: http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/facial-serum-sales-market Split by product Types, with sales, revenue, price and gross margin, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Type I Type II Type III Split by applications, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Facial Serum in each application, can be divided into Application 1 Application 2 Application 3 1 Facial Serum Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Facial Serum 1.2 Classification of Facial Serum 1.2.1 Type I 1.2.2 Type II 1.2.3 Type III 1.3 Application of Facial Serum 1.3.1 Application 1 1.3.2 Application 2 1.3.3 Application 3 1.4 Facial Serum Market by Regions 1.4.1 United States Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.2 China Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.4 Japan Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value and Volume) of Facial Serum (2011-2021) 1.5.1 Global Facial Serum Sales and Growth Rate (2011-2021) 1.5.2 Global Facial Serum Revenue and Growth Rate (2011-2021) 2 Global Facial Serum Competition by Manufacturers, Type and Application 2.1 Global Facial Serum Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1.1 Global Facial Serum Sales and Market Share of Key Manufacturers (2011-2016) 2.1.2 Global Facial Serum Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2011-2016) 2.2 Global Facial Serum (Volume and Value) by Type 2.2.1 Global Facial Serum Sales and Market Share by Type (2011-2016) 2.2.2 Global Facial Serum Revenue and Market Share by Type (2011-2016) 2.3 Global Facial Serum (Volume and Value) by Regions 2.3.1 Global Facial Serum Sales and Market Share by Regions (2011-2016) 2.3.2 Global Facial Serum Revenue and Market Share by Regions (2011-2016) 2.4 Global Facial Serum (Volume) by Application For Same Category Report: http://www.acutemarketreports.com/category/personal-care-market 3 United States Facial Serum (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 3.1 United States Facial Serum Sales and Value (2011-2016) 3.1.1 United States Facial Serum Sales and Growth Rate (2011-2016) 3.1.2 United States Facial Serum Revenue and Growth Rate (2011-2016) 3.1.3 United States Facial Serum Sales Price Trend (2011-2016) 3.2 United States Facial Serum Sales and Market Share by Manufacturers 3.3 United States Facial Serum Sales and Market Share by Type 3.4 United States Facial Serum Sales and Market Share by Application 4 China Facial Serum (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 4.1 China Facial Serum Sales and Value (2011-2016) 4.1.1 China Facial Serum Sales and Growth Rate (2011-2016) 4.1.2 China Facial Serum Revenue and Growth Rate (2011-2016) 4.1.3 China Facial Serum Sales Price Trend (2011-2016) 4.2 China Facial Serum Sales and Market Share by Manufacturers 4.3 China Facial Serum Sales and Market Share by Type 4.4 China Facial Serum Sales and Market Share by Application 5 Europe Facial Serum (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 5.1 Europe Facial Serum Sales and Value (2011-2016) 5.1.1 Europe Facial Serum Sales and Growth Rate (2011-2016) 5.1.2 Europe Facial Serum Revenue and Growth Rate (2011-2016) 5.1.3 Europe Facial Serum Sales Price Trend (2011-2016) 5.2 Europe Facial Serum Sales and Market Share by Manufacturers 5.3 Europe Facial Serum Sales and Market Share by Type 5.4 Europe Facial Serum Sales and Market Share by Application For More Reports Visit Here: http://www.acutemarketreports.com/industry-reports About – Acute Market Reports: Acute Market Reports is the most sufficient collection of market intelligence services online. It is your only source that can fulfill all your market research requirements. We provide online reports from over 100 best publishers and upgrade our collection regularly to offer you direct online access to the world’s most comprehensive and recent database with expert perceptions on worldwide industries, products, establishments and trends. Our team consists of highly motivated market research professionals and they are accountable for creating the groundbreaking technology that we utilize in our search engine operations to easily recognize the most current market research reports online. Contact: Chris Paul Acute Market Reports Office No 01, 1st Floor, Aditi Mall, Baner, Pune, MH, 411045 India Phone (India): +91 7755981103 Toll Free (US/Canada):  +1-855-455-8662 Email: sales@acutemarketreports.com Website: http://www.acutemarketreports.com Filed in: Business Share this post Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email Recommended for You Worldwide Synchronous Squirrel Cage Motors Market Size, Share, Growth, Trends, Industry Analysis and Forecast 2017 By Acute Market Reports Market Overview – Global Fire Resistant Paints Market Shares, Strategies And Forecasts Worldwide 2017 – By Acute Market Reports Global Synchronous Squirrel Cage Motors Market Size, Share, Growth, Trends, Industry Analysis and Forecast 2017 By Acute Market Reports Global Contraceptive Devices Market 2016 to 2021 – Industry Share, Size, Trends and Forecasts By Acute Market Reports Popular Posts New Batmobile & A Stormtrooper Highlighted In Latest ‘Batman V Superman’/’Star Wars’ Crossover Image From Zack Snyder Chilling First TV Spot For ‘Annabelle’ (‘The Conjuring’ Spinoff) “Brothers Under The Gun” Featurette For ‘Fury’ – Starring Brad Pitt, Logan Lerman, Shia LaBeouf, Michael Pena… “Locations” Behind-The-Scenes Video For ‘Exodus: Gods And Kings’ – Starring Christian Bale, Joel Edgerton, Aaron Paul… Trailer For The Assassin-Thriller ‘John Wick’ – Starring Keanu Reeves, Willem Dafoe, Ian McShane, Adrianne Palicki…. Recent Posts Worldwide Synchronous Squirrel Cage Motors Market Size, Share, Growth, Trends, Industry Analysis and Forecast 2017 By Acute Market Reports Market Overview – Global Fire Resistant Paints Market Shares, Strategies And Forecasts Worldwide 2017 – By Acute Market Reports Global Synchronous Squirrel Cage Motors Market Size, Share, Growth, Trends, Industry Analysis and Forecast 2017 By Acute Market Reports Global Contraceptive Devices Market 2016 to 2021 – Industry Share, Size, Trends and Forecasts By Acute Market Reports Grape Seed Extracts Market to Reach US$ 700.1 Mn by 2023: Credence Research © 2017 Flicks and Bits. All rights reserved. Mobile Computing Today TampaBayReview
connexion Français English Español Português Deutsch العربية EN Seoul (AFP) - 02/03/2017 - 02:13 N. Korea nuclear attack would trigger 'overwhelming' response: Mattis Washington (AFP) - 02/03/2017 - 00:36 White House says new Israeli settlements 'may not be helpful' Washington (AFP) - 02/03/2017 - 00:22 US Vice President to visit Brussels, Munich: White House United Nations (United States) (AFP) - 02/02/2017 - 23:17 No lifting of Russia sanctions as long as Crimea annexed: US San Francisco (AFP) - 02/02/2017 - 22:53 Snapchat parent Snap to raise up to $3 bn in IPO Search form Search The News The Agency AFP management AFP in dates AFP in numbers AFP in the world AFP in pictures AFP Charter Awards Press releases and newsletter Subsidiaries Annual report Medialab Products Products and services Partners AFP News BUY OUR PRINTS You are here Home News Advertisers eye winning Super Bowl strategy 3 Feb 2017 Getty/AFP / Tim Warner The Super Bowl is expected to draw more than 110 million US viewers, and a 30-second advertising spot on the Fox network will cost an estimated $5 million There's the new "Wonder Woman" actress in action and a sexed-up Mr. Clean. And some political messages too -- but only if you pay close attention. Sunday's Super Bowl is not just the biggest US sporting event, it's also the most important event of the year for advertisers. For some, the clash of top marketers overshadows the premier American football game. The Super Bowl is expected to draw more than 110 million US viewers, and a 30-second spot on the Fox network will cost an estimated $5 million. This offers both challenges and risks for brands, according to Tim Calkins, professor at Northwestern University's Kellogg School of Management, who leads a Super Bowl ad review with his students. Calkins said the event -- a matchup in Houston between the New England Patriots and Atlanta Falcons -- draws in many people who are not football fans, giving the ads greater prominence. "A lot of people aren't interested in the game, and many of them focus on the ads more than the game itself," he said. "This is a rare opportunity to reach a huge amount of the US population at one time. There's nothing anywhere that comes close to this for marketers." Brands are pulling out all the stops to stand out. Hyundai, the South Korean automaker, hired film director Peter Berg, known for "Patriots Day" and "Deepwater Horizon," to create a 90-second "documentary" filmed and produced entirely during the game. "We wanted to push the creativity and storytelling even further," said Hyundai marketing chief Dean Evans. Another "live" ad will be created for Snickers with actor Adam Driver, which will follow a 36-hour livestream by the Mars brand on its own site and on Facebook. - An immigrant's tale - Some advertisers also appear to be making an end run around the ban on overtly political ads. One of them is Budweiser, whose ad tells a 60-second story about its founder, Adolphus Busch, and his journey as a German immigrant -- a theme set to make waves as debate rages over US immigration policy. "This commercial shows the start of Budweiser's journey, and while it is set in the 1800s, it's a story we believe will resonate with today's entrepreneurial generation -- those who continue strive for their dreams," said Ricardo Marques, vice president of the Anheuser-Busch beer brand. The brewer "told us they wanted to celebrate those who embody the American spirit,” said Mike Byrne of the agency Anomaly, which created the ad called "Born the Hard Way." Ads seen as too political or provocative can be rejected, and home improvement retailer 84 Lumber was forced to revise its original concept, which had depicted a border wall. The ad, which aims to recruit new employees, originally included a wall blocking people looking for work -- an image deemed too sensitive in light of President Donald Trump's plan for a wall on the border with Mexico. Audi's "Daughter" ad also offers political overtones with a story of a girl competing in a cart race and a message of equal pay for women. - Mr. Clean gets dirty - At the provocative end of the ad spectrum, Procter & Gamble turns Mr. Clean into a household sex symbol in the spot dubbed "Cleaner of Your Dreams." "Mr. Clean is showing off his strong and sexy side, and hopefully even inspiring men across America to pick up a mop and bucket themselves," said P&G vice president Martin Hettich. "Wonder Woman" actress Gal Gadot joins her "Furious 7" partner Jason Stratham in an action-packed spot for website builder Wix.com created by French director Louis Leterrier, known for his "Transporter" and "Incredible Hulk" films. Some memorable spots from previous Super Bowls include Apple's dystopian 1984 Ridley Scott ad launching the Macintosh, a 2011 ad celebrating Chrysler's return from bankruptcy and Budweiser's 2014 "puppy love" commercial showing a Clydesdale horse befriended by the canine. Some ads have done more harm than good: a notorious 2015 Nationwide Insurance ad featuring a young child who explains how he will miss out on life's experiences because he is dead missed its target by a long shot. This year, newcomers such as Australian winemaker Yellow Tail (helped by a kangaroo) will join well-known brands such as Intel, TurboTax and Avocados from Mexico and several automakers and consumer brands. Larry Chiagouris, a professor of marketing at Pace University, said the Super Bowl offers a unique opportunity to promote or reposition a brand. He noted brand boosts from Super Bowl ads such as E-Trade, which launched its talking baby ad in 2008, and web hosting firm Go Daddy, with its scantily clad woman testifying before Congress. "The key has always been to have something that is not expected, not typical of the category," Chiagouris said. The ads are worth it, "if you put the creative effort into it," he said. "If it's not creative, if it's been seen before, it's a waste of money." 3 Feb 2017 Previous Back to summary Next Newsletter AFP Subscribe to our newsletter AFP's worldwide network The global network of Agence France Presse covers 150 countries Find out more Find out more Contact us If you have news to share or a question, comment or suggestion, contact us via... MAIL Facebook Twitter Subsidiaries AFP Gmbh Sport Informations Dienst AFP-Services   About AFP AFP is a global news agency delivering fast, in-depth coverage of the events shaping our world from wars and conflicts to politics, sports, entertainment and the latest breakthroughs in health, science and technology. Useful links Site Map Contact us Terms of use Our Blog Correspondent Partners Business Wire News Press close
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Reckitt Benckiser’s CEO Pins His Future on a $16.7 Billion Baby Food Deal by Matthew Boyle @bizboyle More stories by Matthew Boyle February 3, 2017, 1:00 AM EST Mead Johnson deal could lift shadow hanging over CEO Kapoor Purchase would ‘set Reckitt Benckiser on a new path:’ analyst Rakesh Kapoor. Photographer: Simon Dawson/Bloomberg Last year was tough for Rakesh Kapoor. The chief executive officer of Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc grappled with slowing revenue growth, boycotts stemming from toxic disinfectants in South Korea, and shareholder ire over his $33.6 million pay package. Just a month into 2017, Kapoor is seeking to put all that behind him with a surprise $16.7 billion overture to buy baby-food maker Mead Johnson Nutrition Co. The purchase would give the maker of Lysol cleaners, Nurofen painkillers and French’s mustard a strong position in a fast-growing new category, and earn it a place alongside consumer-product giants such as Unilever, Nestle, Danone and Procter & Gamble Co.  Perhaps equally important for Kapoor, a deal -- the company’s biggest-ever -- would finally pull the 58-year-old native of India out from the shadow of Bart Becht, his predecessor, who presided over a sixfold increase in market value during his 12 years at the British company. “There has always been the feeling that he was just following on and improving the work of his predecessors,” said Sanford Bernstein analyst Andrew Wood, noting that the day RB announced Kapoor would replace Becht, its shares dropped 7.5 percent. “Today’s deal is clearly his, and would set Reckitt Benckiser on a new path.” For more on the proposed terms of the Mead deal, please see here To reach that path, Kapoor will have to fend off any rival suitors that might emerge and finalize the purchase, which is in advanced negotiations. Kapoor must also convince investors that it makes sense to add baby food to a sprawling portfolio of household products that already ranges from hot sauce to condoms. The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up While Kapoor has been on the hunt for deals, and speculation has been rife for years that Mead Johnson would be bought, Reckitt Benckiser was an unlikely suitor as infant formula was far from its core business of over-the-counter health-care remedies. But Kapoor has a track record of aggressively entering new arenas, outbidding Bayer AG to buy vitamin and supplement maker Schiff Nutrition for $1.4 billion in 2012. Adding Mead Johnson’s $3.7 billion in revenue, half of which comes from Asia, could accelerate RB’s sales growth, which has slowed due to deflation in Europe and weakness in Russia and Brazil. The baby-food market will expand by 6 percent or more over the next five years, data tracker Euromonitor predicts, more than double the pace of the broader packaged-food sector. A purchase would also help offset last year’s missteps. Sales in South Korea plummeted after the deaths of more than 100 people were linked to toxic humidifier sanitizers RB once sold, forcing Kapoor to make a public apology and set aside 300 million pounds ($376 million) to compensate victims. In December, an Australian court fined the company for making misleading claims about its Nurofen painkillers, which it markets for specific types of pain.  Nearly a quarter of shareholders rejected the company’s pay policy at last year’s annual meeting, and Chairman Adrian Bellamy has recently met with investors to allay concerns over the lapses. Reckitt Benckiser owners reacted favorably to the Mead news, but the company’s stock still trails the U.K.’s benchmark index for the past 12 months. One way to get shareholders off his back would be to seal the deal for Mead Johnson and expand the business, as he’s done with brands like Nurofen and Durex, whose growth rates have doubled on Kapoor’s watch. “If the deal creates value for the shareholders, all past mishaps will be erased,” said Christopher Bovis, a professor at Britain’s Hull University Business School. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Twitter Bursts Throw Decades-Old Alliances Into Chaos Who Will Pay for San Francisco's Tilting, Sinking Millennium Tower? America’s Top Prosecutor Defied Trump and Got Fired. Now She Gets Paid Trump Slams ‘Dumb Deal’ With Ally Australia After Testy Call Nordstrom Says It’s Cutting Ivanka Trump Brand Due to Poor Sales Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
검색 Politics Social Affairs Foreign Affairs Defense North Korea Sharing Science Diplomatic Circuit Education Environment Economy Finance Industry Technology Automode Management Culture Travel Fashion Food & Beverage Books People Expat Living Design Health Film Television Music Arts Hallyu Soccer Baseball Golf More Sports World News World Business Asia News Network Editorial Viewpoints Voice Special probe team fails to search Blue House over scandal The Korea Herald > Business > Industry Korea launches probe on P&G diapers for toxic chemicals   Published : 2017-02-03 14:49 Updated : 2017-02-03 14:49 The South Korean government on Friday began a safety probe on diapers from Proctor & Gamble after allegations arose that they contain toxic chemicals. The Korean Agency for Technology and Standards is taking action on rising fears at home after French media reported that the diapers had dioxin, an insecticide substance. (Yonhap) "We will investigate if there are actually toxic chemicals, and if so, how dangerous they are," an agency official said.  The agency will randomly take samples of the products being sold in the market, officials said. Experts note that there are no formal guidelines on dioxin detection. "As for the level of danger for dioxin, there are rules only on emissions," the official said. "There has to be negotiations on detection." (Yonhap) 영어뉴스를 통한 ListeningㆍReading 실력 향상 단기 학습 프로그램 [NEST] 1. Special probe team fails to ... 2. Russia warns of ‘action’ i... 3. Korea’s current account sur... 4. Anti-trust body, financial r... 5. SK E&C inks $3.2b power plan... 6. Allies agree to deploy THAAD... 7. Service to society, service... 8. Posco appoints new COO to le... 9. Lee Jong-suk holds successfu... 10. Veteran singer Lee Hyori gea... 1. Mattis vows to deploy THAAD ... 2. S. Korea court to declare Ha... 3. Mattis vows to respond overw... 4. Daughters jumping into busi... 5. Russia likely to mull action... 6. 'Political fatigue' drove B... 7. Special investigators ready ... 8. No bounds 9. Hwang, An rise as race dynam... 10. Former N. Korean smuggler di... THE HERALD BUSINESS THE KOREA HERALD THE JUNIOR HERALD THE HERALD BUSINESS(USA) HERALD EDU HERALD ARCADEMY SEOUL/BUSAN/MOKPO/GEOJE ENGLISH VILLAGES DIGITAL HERALD HERALD ARTDAY HERALD ECOCHEM Herald Corporation | 주소: Huam-ro 4-gil 10, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, Korea | 제호: The Korea Herald | Online newspaper registration number: Seoul 아03711 Date of registration: 2015.04.28 | Publisher. Editor: Lee Young-man | Juvenile Protection Manager: Shin Chang Hoon | Tel : 02)727-0114
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 33° Air Quality: PSI 49-55 We set you thinking Friday 3 February 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World Xiao Jianhua’s preference for female bodyguards highlights growing trend among Chinese tycoons 1486113707 Business Sibanye may raise up to $1.3 billion in equity for Stillwater deal 1486110617 World Philippine leader scraps communist truce, tells troops 'be ready to fight' 1486110685 World U.S. warns North Korea of 'overwhelming' response if nuclear arms used 1486111028 Business Snap shoots for the sky, promises little in $3 billion IPO pitch 1486090664 Business Uber CEO quits Trump's business advisory group 1486088555 World Russia says Ukraine violating Geneva convention, shelling civilians 1486110444 World Britain says Russia is trying to undermine West by 'weaponizing misinformation' 1486109090 World Australian leader faces long-term risk after 'Donald Thump' call on refugees 1486108748 Business Battered Toshiba seeks exit from UK, India in nuclear retreat: sources 1486110367 Business Oil edges up on threat of U.S. issuing new Iran sanctions 1486108962 World China says resolutely opposes deployment of THAAD in South Korea 1486107223 World Pence to attend Munich Security Conference, organizers say 1486107146 World Pirates, cyclones and mud: Bangladesh's island solution to Rohingya crisis 1486107456 Business Ford upbeat on local sales despite safety recall in South Africa 1486108364 World Trump's Indonesia business partner says can help with U.S. ties 'if needed' 1486103262 World Trump pick for China ambassador sees 'win-win' boost to trade ties 1486097096 Sports Singapore women qualify for world floorball championships 1486108607 World Iranian refugee who sought asylum in Fiji deported back to PNG 1486105597 World Turkey to meet Syrian opposition, rebel groups in Ankara on Friday: sources 1486105536 Lifestyle Popstar chef Davide Oldani opens FOO’D in Singapore 1486106512 World Radiation level in Fukushima plant at record high 1486105260 World South Korea's presidential Blue House blocks search amid graft probe 1486104855 World White House says Israeli settlement building may not help peace 1486104754 Business GE, Boeing, Oracle form coalition to support Republican border tax 1486082229 World Malaysia to document stateless Chinese in Sarawak with aim to grant citizenship 1486105002 World Too soon to tell how U.S. statement will affect settlements: Israeli official 1486101536 World South Korea prosecutor may ask acting president to allow Blue House search 1486102560 Business U.S. job growth seen accelerating in January, wages strong 1486101909 Business U.S. reversal on transparency could sting Canadian, European oil companies 1486102389 World U.S. to issue new Iran sanctions, opening shot in get-tough strategy: sources 1486085476 World Tense call between Trump and Australian leader strains longtime ties 1486085160 China&India Chinese Lunar New Year greeting by Donald Trump’s granddaughter sparks huge media interest 1486099380 World Exclusive: U.S. officials postpone interviews with asylum seekers held in Australian camps 1486100688 World Philippine miners say closures to hit 1.2 million people, vow to fight back 1486100973 World Australia's Tigerair abruptly quits Bali flights after Indonesia ruling 1486100764 World Life at Brazilian prison where ‘the state has lost control’ 1486100460 World North Korean defector sees 'crack in elite' in report of minister's dismissal 1486100150 Business Asian stocks tumble most in two weeks after China tightens policy 1486099894 Entertainment Musicians Guild hopes new conference will 'connect diverse community' 1486097580 World Inner strength, not ‘anti-hysteria kit’, is antidote to evil spirits, Malaysian faith healer says 1486087320 China&India Why is Donald Trump giving Chinese leader Xi Jinping the apparent cold shoulder? 1486096260 World N Korea spy head dismissed: S Korea 1486096500 Business Lockheed says didn't seek help from Trump's ex-campaign manager 1486095513 World Their new life in US was ready — then Trump signed his decree 1486095404 World Melania Trump, America’s low-profile first lady 1486095106 Business Missing China tycoon's company says 'operating as normal', shares slump 1486094247 World Trump hit with US$6m fine in golf club lawsuit 1486094515 World Tillerson, on first day, addresses dissent and calls Mexico, Canada 1486094509 World The long, arduous trek to find the American Dream 1486094201 China Skin-care ad tackles ‘leftover woman’ taboo in China A screenshot from SK-II's advertisement touching the topic of "leftover women" - unmarried women over the age of 25. P&G’s facial cream campaign targets single women past their mid-20s mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 10:15 AM, February 3, 2017 Updated: 10:30 AM, February 3, 2017 BEIJING — In the four-minute advertorial, a young Chinese woman, her long hair pulled into a ponytail, weeps as her parents discuss her single status. “She’s just average-looking, not too pretty,” her mother says. “That’s why she’s a leftover.” In China the phrase sheng nu, or “leftover woman”, is a derogatory term referring to those in their late 20s who are unmarried. A Procter & Gamble marketing campaign aims to remove this stigma while promoting products such as its US$179 (S$253) Facial Treatment Essence and US$225 (S$318) GenOptics drops for age spots, both included in its pricey SK-II skin-care line. The campaign features women who’ve chosen to pursue their dreams instead of being pressured into marrying for the sake of it. It’s helped increase sales of SK-II in China more than 50 per cent over the past nine months, says Mr Markus Strobel, global president of SK-II. “This campaign has put us on the map in China and generated extremely positive sentiment among consumers and retailers,” he says. “It’s helping us win with young professional and executive women.” For P&G, which has said it underestimated the Chinese appetite for premium products, expensive ones such as SK-II goods, teeth-whitening kits, and ProGlide Flexball razors now make up half the company’s lineup around the world. The campaign has helped SK-II expand globally, too. The centrepiece of the campaign is the sheng nu video, which has been watched 46 million times on YouTube and elsewhere. In it, the weepy young daughter and other women talk about the pressures they face to wed. The women and their parents are shown visiting a so-called marriage market in an urban park where parents post ads seeking mates for their children—then the women show their parents their own ads, stating their desire to remain single until they find a spouse they love. Swedish ad agency Forsman & Bodenfors produced the video as part of P&G’s “Change Destiny” SK-II campaign, started almost three years ago. It encourages women to overcome barriers and work and live as they want. There’s unease in China around some women’s desire to marry later, says Ms Jennifer Gilhool, a former Ford executive there who leads the US-based Gender Economics Lab, a management consulting firm. Those who wait often struggle in a society that still supports traditional roles. Chinese parents, many of whom have only one child, expect daughters (and sons) to marry and provide a grandchild. The government is also promoting early marriage to deal with the ageing population and low birthrate. Young men, who outnumber women, are anxious to find suitable matches as early as possible. Ms Gilhool is no fan of P&G’s campaign, saying it emphasises women’s appearance and not their accomplishments. “I think the impact of the ad isn’t aligned with the intention,” she says. P&G spokesman Damon Jones says the campaign “celebrates women who are independent and creating their own definition of happiness, regardless of societal expectations”. Chinese women who want to delay marriage or stay single say it will take more than an ad to alter prejudices. “The commercial just spells out the problems we have. It doesn’t really give a solution,” says Ms Tong Lei, a 36-year-old executive who works in the tourism industry in Shanghai. She’s seen the video but hasn’t used SK-II products. “My parents can understand that society has changed,” she says, “but their values, in terms of prizing marriage, won’t change.” She says her relationship with her parents improved only after she moved from their home into her own apartment two years ago, an option not economically possible for many single women. “This mindset of looking down on single women will only change when my generation becomes parents,” she says. Ms Jessica Sui, 29, a native of Shenzhen who works for an airline-services firm in Shanghai, says she didn’t realise when she first watched the SK-II video that it was done by the skin-care company—the brand’s logo doesn’t appear until the end. She wants to show it to her parents. “I hope it will make them feel better,” Ms Sui says. “The marriage problem bothers them more than it bothers me.” Her brother agreed to an arranged marriage, but she refused. “Parents think marriage is bliss,” she says, “but people my age don’t think so.” BLOOMBERG mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players With new hybrid, Nissan offers cheaper route to electric cars White House says executive order does not apply to independent regulators Wells Fargo asset-based lending head resigns Weak exports curb U.S. fourth-quarter economic growth Waymo's self-driving cars improve performance in California tests Warren Buffett: I bought $12 billion of stock after Trump won Wall Street stalls as market, Trump priorities diverge Wall Street slips after soft GDP data, earnings Wall Street falls the most this year as Trump honeymoon sours Wall Street ends flat after 2-day run; Dow stays above 20,000 Inside Today World U.S. warns North Korea of 'overwhelming' response if nuclear arms used Philippine leader scraps communist truce, tells troops 'be ready to fight' Russia says Ukraine violating Geneva convention, shelling civilians Battered Toshiba seeks exit from UK, India in nuclear retreat: sources Britain says Russia is trying to undermine West by 'weaponizing misinformation' Business Sibanye may raise up to $1.3 billion in equity for Stillwater deal Battered Toshiba seeks exit from UK, India in nuclear retreat: sources Oil edges up on threat of U.S. issuing new Iran sanctions Ford upbeat on local sales despite safety recall in South Africa Trump's Indonesia business partner says can help with U.S. ties 'if needed' Sports Singapore women qualify for world floorball championships Softball association pays tribute to late softball coach Josephine Lim Gun clubs told to get rid of 70 weapons for security reasons Tay makes U-turn, rejoins S'pore Table Tennis Association Former Chelsea star Lampard retires at 38 Entertainment Musicians Guild hopes new conference will 'connect diverse community' Schwarzenegger to Trump: ‘Why don’t we switch jobs?’ Get up close to Chingay floats in Chinatown British singer Vera Lynn to release new album at 100 Gilles Peterson, Esperanza Spalding join Sing Jazz line-up About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Home Industry Baba Ramdev’s Patanjali Ayurved’s news channel ads strategy turns newsmaker Baba Ramdev’s Patanjali Ayurved’s news channel ads strategy turns newsmaker Patanjali Ayurved has disrupted the FMCG space with herbal products positioned at attractive points. By: Meghna Sharma | Mumbai | Updated: February 3, 2017 1:15 PM To compete in categories that depend highly on repeat value, Patanjali needs to expand its advertising spend and portfolio to reach out to genres which garner more eyeballs. (PTI) Patanjali Ayurved has disrupted the FMCG space with herbal products positioned at attractive points. After growing its sales at a scorching 80% compounded between 2012 and 2016, the company is hoping to clock revenues of Rs 10,000 crore in FY17 and between R20,000 crore and R25,000 crore in FY18. Even as it plans a tripling of its retail presence to 3 million by March next year, the firm is strengthening its distribution network to be able to reach out to traders. To do this, Patanjali’s advertising strategy is such that it targets traders rather than only consumers. The company is among the top advertisers in the country and sponsors the Pro Wrestling League. Of the total 1.14 lakh insertions last year, 84% were on news channels and nearly 99% on Hindi news channels. That’s one way of reining in costs since this genre is cheaper than GECs (general entertainment channels) but it also means missing out on a core audience. The rest of the FMCG pack relies on entertainment channels to sell their products because news channels have a relatively small share of the viewership pie — English news at 0.03%, Hindi news at 3% and regional news at 3.5%, as per KPMG-FICCI. Nevertheless, with an estimated advertising budget of R300-350 crore, smaller than those of an HUL or a P&G, the company is heavily dependent on its distribution network which comprises a chain of 80 super stockists and 2,000-3,000 distributors. The company also has 1,200 Chikitsalayas and 7,000 Arogya and Swadeshi Kendras, which it plans to double in FY17. In an interview to Edelweiss, Baba Ramdev said the company is offering separate distributorships for food and cosmetics instead of the earlier system where one distributor managed both. Distributors are also being appointed at the district, tehsil, and mandi levels. As of now products are sold at 5,000 retail outlets. Maxus India managing partner Anand Chakravarthy says distribution is the backbone for FMCG and through news channels, Patanjali is reaching out to small traders. “It is showcasing how salient the brand is, persuading these traders to stock up its products, rather than opening their own stores at every nook and corner,” he says. The move to largely advertise on news channels may not be a good one as India still continues to be mostly a single-TV household, with males watching more news channels than women, who are the decision makers. However, it is a perfect way to boost confidence among traders at a relatively low cost. You may also like to watch: Dinesh Rathore, COO, Madison Media Omega, says the strategy is well though out and should benefit Patanjali in the long run. “Patanjali isn’t just talking to the urban population but rural, too. There, the shopping pattern is different so talking to a male consumer isn’t a bad idea,” he said. And though the media fraternity applauds the strategy, it is apprehensive about the future. To compete in categories that depend highly on repeat value, Patanjali needs to expand its advertising spend and portfolio to reach out to genres which garner more eyeballs. So far, it has depended on word-of-mouth and associations with the Future Group and online stores like Big Basket. Please Wait while comments are loading... Budget 2017 Budget 2017: How demonetisation and GST can benefit customers in the coming financial year Budget 2017 positive, expect Modi government to achieve fiscal targets: Moody's Individuals earning upto Rs 3 lakhs will now pay zero tax. Here's How Budget 2017: What Modi government does not understand about job creation Union Budget 2017: Capping of tax breaks on rented homes to discourage speculative activity, hit premium home sales Trending Now This has deeply affected me: Priyanka Chopra on US President Donald Trump immigration ban Happy birthday, Simbu. Check out the Twitter frenzy for the star's 34th birthday Punjab Elections 2017: AAP had unwittingly given a platform to radicals, says KPS Gill South Korea's Samsung mulls building US appliance factory Viral video: When Uttarakhand CM Harish Rawat as 'Bahubali' left PM Narendra Modi, Amit Shah 'awed' Government plans strategic sale of 3 PSUs, merger of 4 Honda raises full-year profit outlook on lower costs, weaker yen Uttarakhand polls: Satpal Maharaj says he lost out as Congress saw him as Hindu face Dwarf planet Ceres may have vanishing ice volcanoes Watch! Woman publically thrashed by village 'Sarpanch' in Andhra Pradesh What happened to Naga peace accord, CPIM's Sitaram Yechury asks PM Narendra Modi  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Budget 2017 News जयति घोष का आकलन: नरेंद्र मोदी सरकार ने अपने ही फैसलों से इस बजट को बना ल‍िया है सबसे मुश्‍क‍िल आर्थिक समीक्षा में भूमि, रीयल एस्टेट को जीएसटी के दायरे में लाने पर जोर बजट 2017: जानिए क्या होता है आर्थिक सर्वेक्षण और क्यों इसे पेश करना है जरूरी... बजट 2017: इन बातों का ध्‍यान रख कम टैक्‍स से पब्लिक को खुश कर अरुण जेटली जुटा सकते हैं पैसा Assembly Elections 2017 News चुनावी सीजन में नेता-वोटर के रिश्ते पर आमिर खान का ये वीडियो हो रहा है वायरल पंजाब में मतदाताओं को ललचाने के लिए रम, व्हिस्‍की कूपन बांट रहे राजनीतिक दल प्रशांत भूषण ने शेयर की AAP सांसद भगवंत मान की 'टल्ली' होने वाली फोटो, शराब पीकर जनसभा में पहुंचने का लगाया आरोप Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Union Budget 2017 Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe A Skin-Care Ad Tackles Social Taboos in China P&G’s facial cream campaign targets single women past their mid-20s. by Carol Hymowitz More stories by Carol Hymowitz and Lauren Coleman-Lochner @LaurenLochner More stories by Lauren Coleman-Lochner February 2, 2017, 6:00 PM EST From Subscribe Reprints Photograpehr:Craig Barritt/Getty Images In the four-minute advertorial, a young Chinese woman, her long hair pulled into a ponytail, weeps as her parents discuss her single status. “She’s just average-looking, not too pretty,” her mother says. “That’s why she’s a leftover.” In China the phrase sheng nu, or “leftover woman,” is a derogatory term referring to those in their late 20s who are unmarried. A Procter & Gamble marketing campaign aims to remove this stigma while promoting products such as its $179 Facial Treatment Essence and $225 GenOptics drops for age spots, both included in its pricey SK-II skin-care line. The campaign features women who’ve chosen to pursue their dreams instead of being pressured into marrying for the sake of it. It’s helped increase sales of SK-II in China more than 50 percent over the past nine months, says Markus Strobel, global president of SK-II. “This campaign has put us on the map in China and generated extremely positive sentiment among consumers and retailers,” he says. “It’s helping us win with young professional and executive women.” For P&G, which has said it underestimated the Chinese appetite for premium products, expensive ones such as SK-II goods, teeth-whitening kits, and ProGlide Flexball razors now make up half the company’s lineup around the world. The campaign has helped SK-II expand globally, too. The centerpiece of the campaign is the sheng nu video, which has been watched 46 million times on YouTube and elsewhere. In it, the weepy young daughter and other women talk about the pressures they face to wed. The women and their parents are shown visiting a so-called marriage market in an urban park where parents post ads seeking mates for their children—then the women show their parents their own ads, stating their desire to remain single until they find a spouse they love. Swedish ad agency Forsman & Bodenfors produced the video as part of P&G’s “Change Destiny” SK-II campaign, started almost three years ago. It encourages women to overcome barriers and work and live as they want. “My parents can understand that society has changed, but their values, in terms of prizing marriage, won’t change. This … looking down on single women will only change when my generation becomes parents” There’s unease in China around some women’s desire to marry later, says Jennifer Gilhool, a former Ford executive there who leads the U.S.-based Gender Economics Lab, a management consulting firm. Those who wait often struggle in a society that still supports traditional roles. Chinese parents, many of whom have only one child, expect daughters (and sons) to marry and provide a grandchild. The government is also promoting early marriage to deal with the aging population and low birthrate. Young men, who outnumber women, are anxious to find suitable matches as early as possible. Gilhool is no fan of P&G’s campaign, saying it emphasizes women’s appearance and not their accomplishments. “I think the impact of the ad isn’t aligned with the intention,” she says. P&G spokesman Damon Jones says the campaign “celebrates women who are independent and creating their own definition of happiness, regardless of societal expectations.” Chinese women who want to delay marriage or stay single say it will take more than an ad to alter prejudices. “The commercial just spells out the problems we have. It doesn’t really give a solution,” says Tong Lei, a 36-year-old executive who works in the tourism industry in Shanghai. She’s seen the video but hasn’t used SK-II products. “My parents can understand that society has changed,” she says, “but their values, in terms of prizing marriage, won’t change.” She says her relationship with her parents improved only after she moved from their home into her own apartment two years ago, an option not economically possible for many single women. “This mindset of looking down on single women will only change when my generation becomes parents,” she says. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up Jessica Sui, 29, a native of Shenzhen who works for an airline-services firm in Shanghai, says she didn’t realize when she first watched the SK-II video that it was done by the skin-care company—the brand’s logo doesn’t appear until the end. She wants to show it to her parents. “I hope it will make them feel better,” Sui says. “The marriage problem bothers them more than it bothers me.” Her brother agreed to an arranged marriage, but she refused. “Parents think marriage is bliss,” she says, “but people my age don’t think so.” —With Rachel Chang The bottom line: A marketing campaign in China for SK-II products has boosted sales growth more than 50 percent over the past nine months. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Twitter Bursts Throw Decades-Old Alliances Into Chaos Who Will Pay for San Francisco's Tilting, Sinking Millennium Tower? America’s Top Prosecutor Defied Trump and Got Fired. Now She Gets Paid Trump Slams ‘Dumb Deal’ With Ally Australia After Testy Call Nordstrom Says It’s Cutting Ivanka Trump Brand Due to Poor Sales Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Share 10 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-02-02 WWE News: Watch XFL ’30 For 30’ ESPN Special Stream Online, ‘This Was The XFL’ Entertainment 2017-02-02 BTS New Concept Photos Unveiled, Teaser Videos For New Album To Release Soon? Entertainment 2017-02-02 ‘Winds Of Winter’ Release Date Rumor: Book Might Come Out This Year After All Entertainment 2017-02-02 Kate Moss, 43, Gets Naked For W Magazine ‘Powerful Women’ Issue News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-02-03 GOP-Controlled House Overturns Obama’s Gun Rule Preventing Sales To Mentally Ill News 2017-02-03 Vacheron Constantin And Piaget Get New CEOs News 2017-02-02 Yemen Raid: What We Know About Trump’s First Major Military Operation News 2017-02-02 Trump Club Loses Suit: National Golf Club Jupiter Must Pay Former Members Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-02-03 WWE Planning Huge Feud For Brock Lesnar And Roman Reigns After ‘Wrestlemania 33’ Basketball 2017-02-03 Chicago Bulls Trade Rumors: Jahlil Okafor Offer Made To Philadelphia 76ers Wrestling 2017-02-03 WWE News: Goldberg To Win WWE Universal Title And Defend It At ‘WrestleMania 33’ Wrestling 2017-02-02 WWE News: ‘Wrestle Kingdom 11’ Match To Air On Cable Television Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-02-02 Gwyneth Paltrow’s Goop Hits And Misses: Slammed By OB/GYN For Peddling Jade Egg Lifestyle, News 2017-01-28 Guy Fieri Helps Re-Open Planet Hollywood Restaurant At Disney Springs In Orlando [Videos] Lifestyle 2017-01-22 The Obamas’ New Digs: Check Out The Former First Family’s Possible Picks Lifestyle 2017-01-17 Donald Trump’s Childhood Home Auction Buzz: Will Trump Bid On His Old House? Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-02-02 Sahana Khatun, 10, Becomes First Girl To Be Treated For ‘Tree Man’ Syndrome Health 2017-01-29 How PTSD Differs From Other Anxiety Disorders Health 2017-01-28 Rare Amnesia Cases In Massachusetts Likely Linked To Opioid Abuse Health 2017-01-28 Safe Injection Sites: Seattle Opening Facilities Where Drug Addicts Can Use Illegal Drugs Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-02-02 ‘Marvel Heroes’ Adds Beast Hero, Jubilee Team-Up In Latest Update Science 2017-02-02 Nuclear Fusion Energy News: Infinite Power By 2030 With Nuclear Fusion Reactor? Gaming 2017-02-01 Nintendo Reveals Switch Online Price, Possibility Of VR Support Gaming 2017-02-01 Nintendo NES Classic Edition Stocks And Availability To Increase Soon? BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-02-02 Kiersten Miles: Nanny Donates Part Of Her Liver To Save Toddler’s Life BuzzWorthy 2017-02-02 Gang Member Slaps Dead Rival In The Face As He Lays In Casket At Funeral [Video] BuzzWorthy 2017-02-02 Texas Family Finds Rattlesnake In Toilet, 23 Other Snakes Hiding In Home BuzzWorthy 2017-02-01 Trump’s Long And Real Hair Secret? Propecia Hair-Growth Drug, Says His Doctor SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Trump, Pharma Talk Conflicts Of Interest: Invested In Celgene, Merck, Johnson And Johnson News Analysis 10 0 0 January 31, 2017 Trump, Pharma Talk Conflicts Of Interest: Invested In Celgene, Merck, Johnson And Johnson Maryam Louise While constitutionally questionable executive orders are flying out of the White House via Trump, pharma is rejoicing after their meeting on January 31 because Trump has reversed some of his ideas about how his administration will be dealing with them. At one time, Senator Bernie Sanders agreed with Trump on some of his ideas to renegotiate pricing deals with pharmaceutical companies, according to a January 13 report from CNBC. Mainly, Sanders sided with Trump because Trump stated pharma companies were “getting away with murder” by overcharging the U.S. government for medications and other supplies, according to a January 11 report from Reuters. However, Bernie Sanders likely would not agree with Donald Trump’s new plans proposed on January 31, and Trump’s change of heart toward the pharma industry could be due to his conflicts of interest — more of which might be hidden in his still-unreleased tax returns. For now, what the public does know is that Trump met on January 31 with top pharma executives that own companies Trump has invested in the recent past. For example, in November of 2016, Forbes alleged Trump owns stock in pharma companies such as “Pfizer, Merck, Celgene and GlaxoSmithKline… Procter and Gamble, and Johnson and Johnson.” Business Insider gave a complete list of Trump’s investments as of July 2015, and there were other players in the pharmaceutical industry companies mentioned such as Gilead Sciences and McKesson (an information technology and pharmaceutical distribution services company). Adding to the idea that Trump may have conflicts of interest, among the pharma attendants at Trump’s meeting on January 31, according to Reuters, were top executives at Merck, Johnson and Johnson, Celgene, Eli Lilly, Amgen, and “Switzerland’s Novartis AG as well as the head of the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America lobbying group (PhRMA).” Trump promised to be tough on big pharma and was not which might be an indication of a conflict of interest. [Image by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images] Business Insider gave a rundown of events, and also noted that after a hard month, pharma stocks were going up after the Trump PhRMA meeting on January 31. On December 7, 2016, Bloomberg quoted a representative of PhRMA claiming that she looks forward to a president that will give the pharmaceutical industry the power to “self-regulate on pricing” — and it appears she got her wish. Unlike some of the ideals that Bernie Sanders might agree with about the changes needed to the pharmaceutical industry, Donald Trump’s new plan is different than his old one, as told by VOX. For example, around March of 2016, Donald Trump adopted a “longstanding Democratic pledge to let Medicare negotiate bulk discounts in the price it pays for prescription drugs.” Despite this, Vox argues that on January 31, Trump reversed ideas about negotiating bulk discounts on drugs, and instead called his old ideas a version of “price fixing” that would inhibit small businesses in the pharmaceutical industry. In other words, instead of pressuring pharma to lower prices, Trump is going to give them more money by getting rid of regulations and lowering their taxes instead. A reason that there could be a “new plan” by Trump and pharma executives that favors PhRMA – and not the American people – is because Donald Trump has owned stocks in their companies in the recent past. Protesters could add Trump’s red flag of siding with Big Pharma as another excuse to denounce the president. [Image by Win McNamee/Getty Images] In fact, many of these companies are part of Trump’s stock investments, and Fortune listed pharmaceutical companies such as Celgene, Gilead Sciences, Johnson and Johnson, and McKesson in his top 14. Although Trump owned these stocks, he claims he has signed them over to his family in a “blind trust” that the Atlantic disputes is not truly “blind.” Instead, there are many opinions that Trump has and will continue to have issues with conflicts of interest regarding various industries despite denouncing that he will have conflicts of interest. Adding to the inability of the public to see through any lies that Donald Trump might put out that pertain to conflicts of interest he does not want the public to connect, Donald Trump has not officially turned in his tax returns from years past. Although it is required that a new president offers up their tax returns for scrutiny, and not doing it makes it difficult for the press to ascertain if there may be more conflicts of interest hidden behind his alleged “IRS audit” — the taxes are still not turned in even as President Trump makes executive orders. Furthermore, on January 22, Counselor Kellyanne Conway announced on behalf of President Trump that he “will not be releasing his tax returns,” according to CNN, and she also stated the following. “Our position from the campaign has not changed. [Trump] is under audit and has been advised by accountants and lawyers not to release [his tax returns].” In addition to conflicts of interest with Trump and Big Pharma, as previously reported by the Inquisitr, it is predicted that Trump’s poor bedside manner with other countries, such as Mexico or the seven countries involved in the Muslim ban, may start a trade war, according to former Mexican President Vincente Fox on January 30. [Feature Image by Andrew Harrer/Pool/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Nancy Pelosi Calls Steve Bannon A “White Supremacist” Now Read This: Mike Pence’s Black History Month Tweet Honoring A White Man Draws Flak Share 10 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Maryam Louise Tags: amgen, bernie sanders, Business, corruption February 2, 2017 NFL Uses Lady Gaga For Hidden Agenda Ahead Of Super Bowl 2017? [Opinion] February 1, 2017 ‘Z Nation’ 2017 Season 4: Lucy Ages Fast As Show Makes Odd Promise [Opinion] Comments LATEST HEADLINES WWE Planning Huge Feud For Brock Lesnar And Roman Reigns After ‘Wrestlemania 33’ Huawei P10 Release: 2017 Flagship Arriving With ‘Plus’ & ‘Lite’ Variants? Chicago Bulls Trade Rumors: Jahlil Okafor Offer Made To Philadelphia 76ers WWE News: Goldberg To Win WWE Universal Title And Defend It At ‘WrestleMania 33’ Mike Pence’s Black History Month Tweet Honoring A White Man Draws Flak GOP-Controlled House Overturns Obama’s Gun Rule Preventing Sales To Mentally Ill Beyoncé Suffered Miscarriage, Rumored Fertility Troubles Before Conceiving Twins ‘Today’ Bumps Tamron Hall For Megyn Kelly, Is Savannah Guthrie Next? Vacheron Constantin And Piaget Get New CEOs Samsung Galaxy S8 Specs: Battery, Awkward Fingerprint Scanner Location And More Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories WWE Opinion: WWE Has The Time And Place Set To Turn Roman Reigns Into The Biggest Heel Of All Time 44.3k 0 0 Noam Chomsky Calls For ‘Militant Labor Movement’ To Transform American Politics And Fight Trump 15.5k 0 0 Song Joong-ki, Song Hye-kyo To Reunite In February for DOTS’ First Anniversary? 5.3k 0 0 WWE News: Nikki Bella Officially Retiring, Leaving WWE After ‘WrestleMania 33’ 4.9k 0 0 Internet Personality Chris Crocker: Remixed, Revisited, And Royally Underappreciated [Opinion] 4k 0 0 WWE News: John Cena & Nikki Bella To Battle The Miz & Maryse At ‘WrestleMania 33 3.1k 0 0 Recent Videos Politics Donald Trump’s Solution To Supreme Court Gridlock Is “Go Nuclear” Politics Acting Attorney General Sally Yates Fired After Defying Travel Ban News Starbucks Will Hire 10,000 Refugees Politics One Million Petition Trump U.K. Visit Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
Home Contact Us Editorial & Research Privacy Policy Terms Home Business Technology Markets Internet Earnings About Editorial & Research Contact Us Advertising Locations AngloGold Ashanti Shares Climbs 8.29% Thursday’s Premarket AngloGold Ashanti Limited (ADR) (NYSE:AU) partner Zonte Metals Inc announced non-brokered private placement offering of units (the “Offering”). The Company issued 13,500,000 units at a price of $0.10 per unit for gross proceeds of $1,350,000 . Each Unit consists of one common share and one-half (½) of one share purchase warrant, with each whole warrant entitling the holder to acquire one additional common share upon payment of the exercise price of $0.18 on or before July 31 , 2018. AngloGold Ashanti Limited (ADR) (NYSE:AU) traded 3.58 Million shares and was closed at $12.54 per share. The current share price indicates that stock is -45.26% away from its one year high and is moving 49.82% ahead of its one year low. Stock monthly performance is recorded as 19.31% while its performance in last 5 sessions is 3.13%. Analyst’s Analysis on AngloGold Ashanti Limited (ADR) (NYSE:AU) At the movement stock is under coverage by number of analysts. 0 given Buy rating to the stock whereas no analyst given UNDERPERFORM rating to stock and 3 analysts given HOLD rating. The consensus recommendation by Thomson Reuters analysts is Hold and their mean rating for the stock is 2.75 on scale of 1-5. Analysts mean target price for AngloGold Ashanti Limited (ADR) (NYSE:AU) is $16.27 while their mean recommendation is 2.50 (1=Buy, 5=sell). Coach, Inc. (NYSE:COH) reported fiscal second-quarter profit of $199.7 million. On a per-share basis, the New York-based company said it had net income of 71 cents. Earnings, adjusted for costs related to mergers and acquisitions and non-recurring costs, were 75 cents per share. The results exceeded Wall Street expectations. The average estimate of 16 analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research was for earnings of 73 cents per share. Coach, Inc. (NYSE:COH) shares moved to $37.81 on Wednesday. Weekly volatility of COH is 3.00% and monthly volatility is 2.44%. Stock performance in last five sessions is recorded as 4.27% while year to date (YTD) performance is 7.97%. COH Gross Margin is 68.20% and its return on assets is 10.30%. Stock 3 months performance is recorded as 6.30%. Analyst Rating on Coach, Inc. (NYSE:COH) Number of analysts are covering this stock and currently stock has got OUTPERFORM rating from 11 analysts of Thomson Reuters, 15 analysts given HOLD rating to the stock and 0 given UNDERPERFORM rating. Analyst’s mean target price for COH is $42.49 while analysts mean recommendation is 2.30. The Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE:PG) traded 8.29 Million shares and was closed at $87.33 per share. The current share price indicate that stock is -1.80% away from its one year high and is moving 13.18% ahead of its one year low. Stock monthly performance is recorded as 4.69% while its performance in last 5 sessions is 0.20%. Analyst’s Analysis on The Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE:PG) At the movement stock is under coverage by number of analysts. At the movement stock is under coverage by number of analysts. 7 given Buy rating to the stock whereas 2 analysts given UNDERPERFORM rating to stock and 9 analysts given HOLD rating. The consensus recommendation by Thomson Reuters analysts is Outperform and their mean rating for the stock is 2.29 on scale of 1-5. Analysts mean target price for The Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE:PG) is $90.53 while their mean recommendation is 2.30 (1=Buy, 5=sell). International Business Machines Corporation (NYSE:IBM) shares moved to $174.29 on Wednesday. Weekly volatility of IBM is 1.21% and monthly volatility is 1.41%. Stock performance in last five sessions is recorded as -2.24% while year to date (YTD) performance is 5.00%. IBM Gross Margin is 47.90% and its return on assets is 10.10%. Firm quarterly performance is 14.43%. Analyst Recommendation on International Business Machines Corporation (NYSE:IBM) Number of analysts are covering this stock and currently stock has got OUTPERFORM rating from 4 analysts of Thomson Reuters, 16 analysts given HOLD rating to the stock and 1 given UNDERPERFORM rating to International Business Machines Corporation (NYSE:IBM) stock. Analyst’s mean target price for IBM is $163.55 while analysts mean recommendation is 2.80. About Rick Anthony View all posts by Rick Anthony → FireEye, Inc. (NASDAQ:FEYE) Tumbles -17.73% in After Hours Trading February 2, 2017 Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) Declines -4.15% in After Hours Trading February 2, 2017 After Hours Laggards: FireEye, Inc. (NASDAQ:FEYE), Hanesbrands Inc. (NYSE:HBI), athenahealth, Inc. (NASDAQ:ATHN), Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) February 2, 2017 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Recent Popular Comments FireEye, Inc. (NASDAQ:FEYE) Tumbles -17.73% in Aft... February 2, 2017 Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) Declines -4.15% in ... February 2, 2017 Afterhours Movers: Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:M... February 2, 2017 After Hours Laggards: FireEye, Inc. (NASDAQ:FEYE),... February 2, 2017 After Hours Leaders: Tableau Software, Inc. (NYSE:... February 2, 2017 Volatile Stocks: Weatherford International plc (NY... February 2, 2017 Gainey McKenna & Egleston Announces Lawsuit Ag... December 19, 2016 1 3D Systems (NYSE:DDD)’s board approved changes to ... December 29, 2016 1 Mastercard Inc (NYSE:MA) and George Soros announce... January 20, 2017 1 NIKE, Inc. (NYSE:NKE)’s basketball footwear brand ... January 5, 2017 1 Motorola Solutions (NYSE:MSI)’s Moto G5 Plus press... January 13, 2017 1 Cheniere Energy, Inc. (NYSE:LNG) declared cash dis... January 25, 2017 1 Edward Medders CQP declared the dividend, NOT LNG. LNG does no... January 25, 2017 Timo Oh, to help them get to Europe, as there aren't m... January 21, 2017 Grampy FYI, Motorola Solutions (MSI) does not make the s... January 14, 2017 Richard Bazinet Stock promoters responsible for numerous biotech ... January 11, 2017 John Having launched Sci-B-Vac commercially in 15 coun... January 9, 2017 M.I.C. Seriously?This is a bs article in which the write... January 5, 2017 ©2016 Benchmark Monitor
PBS NEWSHOUR WATCH politics Shields and Brooks Supreme Court Vote 2016 Politics Monday arts Art Beat Poetry Where Poetry Lives Photo Essays nation Supreme Court Race Matters Essays Brief But Spectacular world Social Entrepreneurship economy Making Sen$e Social Security Ask the Headhunter Paul Solman science Science Wednesday Innovation and Invention Miles O’Brien health Long-Term Care education Teachers Teachers’ Lounge Student Reporting Labs teachers The Rundown TV SCHEDULE ABOUT US FEEDBACK PRESS SUBSCRIPTIONS PRIVACY JOB OPENINGS RECENT PROGRAMS POLITICS ARTS NATION WORLD ECONOMY SCIENCE HEALTH EDUCATION TEACHERS THE RUNDOWN SUBSCRIBE FOLLOW US TOPICS > Science Toddler eye burns spike due to laundry detergent pods EMAIL BY Nsikan Akpan  February 2, 2017 at 4:56 PM EST  | Updated: Feb 2, 2017 at 5:54 PM 480 tykes went to the emergency room with laundry detergent pod-related ocular burns in 2015, according to new research from Johns Hopkins University. Photo by ivannag82/via Adobe If kids see something that looks like candy, better believe they’ll touch it. And this instinct has created a threat for children’s eyes, based on new research published Thursday in JAMA Ophthalmology. The report cites a nationwide spike in eye-related chemical burns due to laundry detergent pods. The ever-popular pods now account for a quarter of chemical-related eye injuries in kids aged 3 to 4. “I was shocked by the results,” said R. Sterling Haring, a researcher at the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health in Baltimore, who led what is the first study of detergent pod-related eye injury. “You know, going from a handful in 2012 to making up 26 percent of all of the ocular chemical burns among this age group in 2015, that is ridiculous.” More than 17,000 children were poisoned by laundry detergent pods from 2012 to 2013. But these eye burns present a special danger due to the chemistry of liquid detergent. His investigation into detergent pods started in October, after Haring and his colleagues published a separate study about the overall prevalence and causes of chemical eye burns in the U.S. One might expect most of these injuries to occur among adults working industrial factories, where chemicals might splash into an unguarded eye. But to their surprise, they had found 50 percent more chemical eye burns in young children versus adults. Then, the news cycle took over and offered some extra clarity. “The feedback we were getting from the medical community was where the rubber hit the road,” Haring said. “Community ophthalmologists, optometrists, pediatricians and ER docs were going on the news and saying these are common occurrences — and almost invariably they mentioned laundry detergent pods.” For the new study, the researchers dug into the issue by turning to the National Electronic Injury Surveillance System (NEISS), which gathers emergency room reports from approximately 100 hospitals peppered around the country. For the last 30 years, the system has served as barometer for U.S. injury prevalence. Concentrated detergent tablets and pods have existed since the 1960s, but Haring and his team focused on recent years, given the pods’ popularity jumped after Procter & Gamble released new liquid versions in 2012. Sales of the liquid detergent capsules increased by 150 percent between 2012 and 2015, according to The Wall Street Journal. Approximately 1,500 preschoolers (aged 3-4) visited emergency rooms in 2010 and 2011 due to chemical eye burns, with no cases due to laundry detergent pods. The year 2012 notched 12 cases, and the following year: 262. And in 2015, the last year with available NEISS data, 480 tykes went to the emergency room with laundry detergent pod-related ocular burns. “The study shows what the medical literature is showing,” said Sharon Lehman, chief pediatric ophthalmologist at the Nemours Children’s Clinic in Wilmington, Delaware, who wasn’t involved in the study. “There is more frequent injury with the pods, whether it be ingestion, skin injury or now eye injury…There has been criticism of the packaging because it looks like candy.” Upon splashing into exposed tissue, like one’s eyeballs, alkaline chemicals in liquid laundry detergent cause necrosis, wherein the tissue essentially liquefies. Photo by WIN-Initiative/Getty Images. More than 17,000 children were poisoned by laundry detergent pods from 2012 to 2013. But these eye burns present a special danger due to the chemistry of liquid detergent. “Chemical burns are divided into two categories. Acidic burns and alkaline burns,” said Alex Levin, chief of Pediatric ophthalmology and ocular genetics at Wills Eye Hospital in Philadelphia, who wasn’t involved in the study. “Alkaline burns happen with substances like a detergent and insidiously, they cause tissue to die in a very severe way.” Upon splashing into exposed tissue, like one’s eyeballs, alkaline chemicals cause necrosis, wherein the tissue essentially liquefies. Alkaline chemicals tend to burn faster and more severely than acidic chemicals. The burns can cause significant pain if the chemicals hit the cornea — the nerve-packed clear dome that covers the colored part of your eye. Levin said alkalines “kill tissue in a way even acids don’t do” because exposure and necrosis can cut off blood circulation, making the damage hard to spot in the eye. “One problem is because the blood vessels are dying, the eye doesn’t look as an inflamed as you might think,” Levin said. “It can fool a person or parent into thinking a burn isn’t as bad as it is.” The NEISS data occurred most often when a child squirted the detergent into their eyes or burst a packet onto their hands and touched their face. One limitation of the study is the NEISS numbers come only from emergency rooms, meaning visits to community physicians and urgent care facilities aren’t counted. Also, the surveillance system doesn’t provide information on the long-term outcomes of patients, but Haring wants to conduct such a study in the future. All three doctors interviewed for this story had the same advice in case this accident happens to your child: “The first thing you do is drop what you’re doing and run cool water on that child’s eye for 20 minutes before you do anything else,” Haring said. “Before you go to the ER, before you call 911, run cool water on the eye for 20 minutes straight. That’s exactly what they’re going to do in the ER and you might as well get started right then.” A longer wait could mean a larger injury. Doctors can treat the burns with medical ointment or drops, Lehman said, with wounds healing within days to weeks. But the most severe injuries require surgery to replace damaged corneas or repair eye tissue. Prevention is also key in their opinions. Levin said manufacturers might want to try to make laundry detergent pods less attractive to children by removing bright colors, while Haring called on parents to put these things out of reach. “You know, I have a couple of little boys myself, and it amazes me sometimes what they’re able to get to,” Haring said. “Number one rule is, get these [pods] out of reach, out of sight. Keep them put away.” Nsikan Akpan Nsikan Akpan is the digital science producer for PBS NewsHour. @MoNscience SHARE ON FACEBOOK SHARE ON TWITTER SHARE VIA TEXT chemical ocular burns chemistry detergent pods eye eye injuries laundry detergent pods pediatrics Are you aware of our comment policy? PBS NewsHour allows open commenting for all registered users, and encourages discussion amongst you, our audience. However, if a commenter violates our terms of use or abuses the commenting forum, their comment may go into moderation or be removed entirely. We reserve the right to remove posts that do not follow these basic guidelines: comments must be relevant to the topic of the post; may not include profanity, personal attacks or hate speech; may not promote a business or raise money; may not be spam. Anything you post should be your own work. The PBS NewsHour reserves the right to read on the air and/or publish on its website or in any medium now known or unknown the comments or emails that we receive. By submitting comments, you agree to the PBS Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, which include more details. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. READ THIS NEXT Vice President Pence on the Supreme Court fight, the travel ban and Bannon’s sway SUBSCRIBE FOLLOW US SUPPORT FOR PBS NEWSHOUR PROVIDED BY Loading... READ MORE Loading... WATCH FULL BROADCASTS LISTEN FULL AUDIO PODCASTS SUPPORT FOR PBS NEWSHOUR PROVIDED BY MOST READ MOST DISCUSSED 1 What went wrong in the deadly raid on al-Qaida in Yemen? 2 A 'Bat Bot' takes flight 3 5 important stories that aren't getting much attention this week 4 When does tough diplomatic talk go too far? 5 Every executive action President Trump has taken (so far) 1 Why is Trump criticizing key allies to U.S. security? 2 The first black president faced great expectations. What will be Obama’s legacy on race? 3 Political, legal opposition adds obstacles to Brexit 4 Could kratom help treat opioid addiction? 5 What will Betsy DeVos’ focus on school choice mean for public education? TOPICS RECENT PROGRAMS POLITICS ARTS NATION WORLD ECONOMY SCIENCE HEALTH EDUCATION TEACHERS TV LISTINGS ABOUT US PRESS FEEDBACK SUBSCRIPTIONS PRIVACY JOB OPENINGS © 1996 - 2017 NewsHour Productions LLC. All Rights Reserved. Support the kind of journalism done by the NewsHour... Become a member of your local PBS station.
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters In Case You Missed It Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money Amazon Miss on Services Revenue Casts Pall Over Market DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today How Do You Feel About Mr. Clean's New Makeover? The 2017 Super Bowl spot is....interesting. TheStreet Staff Feb 2, 2017 3:53 PM EST Donning a tight white shirt and pants, Mr. Clean gets down to business in this 2017 Super Bowl Commercial.  Procter & Gamble  ( PG)  is in the midst of a  five-year restructuring plan, where the company thinks it can save $7.2 billion over the next five years through productivity improvements, and from the looks of this spot, it looks like they're trying to liven up their image as well. This article was written by a staff member of TheStreet. If you liked this article you might like McDonald's, Pepsi, Ford and Others May See Shares Rise, as Study Shows Super Bowl Ads Help $5 million for a 30-second advertising spend is a lot of money. But a study shows that spending the money benefits shareholders. Chris Ciaccia Jan 31, 2017 9:30 AM EST Cramer: Watch These Sector Trends Amid the Political Turmoil The stocks of companies that show good fundamentals are a buy, not a sell. Jim Cramer Jan 30, 2017 7:01 PM EST Bullish & Bearish Reversals for the Week The scale is weighted toward the bears and industrial names in particular. Guy Ortmann Jan 30, 2017 12:07 PM EST Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
MENU All Girls Fantasy Sports Advice Real sports As seen on tv Rankings Everything else Shop Home Animals Current Page Super Bowl Ad Power Rankings: The Somewhat Disturbing Return Of Spuds MacKenzie Tweet Rick Chandler 2:28 pm, February 2nd, 2017 Only three days left until Super Bowl LI, which means of course Super Bowl commercials … can you smell the capitalism? Come with us now as we rank the best ads released so far. That is, if you don’t mind spoilers. It’s been 30 years since the debut of Spuds MacKenzie, the Bud Light mascot dog that first appeared during Super Bowl XXI, reminding us all that beer + hot girls = fun. So Anheuser-Busch thought they’d celebrate by resurrecting the “original party animal” for its latest Super Bowl ad … in ghost form. Spuds (voiced by Carl Weathers) is now a beer-stained Dickensian spirit who invades some dude’s house to remind him that friends don’t let friends not be buzzed. It’s part of Bud Light’s new friendship-focused campaign, and will air during the fourth quarter. It’s all rather morbid if, like me, you’ve lost a couple or three close canine companions since the late 1980s. Who wants to be reminded of that? And we also need to remember why Spuds left this mortal coil in the first place. Bud Light’s bull terrier mascot took plenty of criticism in his first-go-round as being an attempt by A-B to recruit kids into the beer-drinking ranks. Even the U.S. Congress jumped into the fray, criticizing Bud in much the same way that Joe Camel got R.J. Reynolds Tobacco into trouble in the 1990s — by trying, critics said, to appeal to kids. A-B denied this, but still retired Spuds for good in 1989. The actual real-life Spuds died in 1993, meaning that the dog is indeed now in spirit form. My parents told me he’s on a heavenly farm playing fetch in a big sunny field — and not haunting frat boys and pressuring them to go out and buy watery beer. Because that is not a dog’s purpose. The Power Rankings 1. Mercedes-Benz: “Easy Driver” With films such as Fargo, Raising Arizona and The Big Lebowski, the Coen Brothers are nearly as iconic as Peter Fonda and the 1969 classic Easy Rider. Now the three come together for a Super Bowl commercial. The Coens wrote and directed this one, for Mercedes-Benz, their first since making a Super Bowl ad for H&R Block in 2002. 2. Honda: “Yearbooks” If my high school yearbook suddenly came to life, the discussions would be slightly different than these above. For one thing, there would be many reprisals … bloody, terrible reprisals. But inspiring, heartfelt messages are OK too, such as Stan Lee’s “If you want to make a universe, make a universe.” That one actually gave me chills. 3. Turbo Tax: “Humpty Fall” TurboTax is back for the fourth consecutive year with a 45-second spot, starring Humpty Dumpty. 4. Budweiser: “Born The Hard Way” . The political ad that isn’t, Anheuser-Busch’s ode to German immigrant founder Adolphus Busch is actually a one-minute biopic. It reportedly cost upwards of $15 million including production costs, and A-B is gambling that it will give faltering Budweiser a shot in the arm in its fight against craft beer. 5. Kia: “Hero’s Journey” The full ad was just released Wednesday, showing Melissa McCarthy working hard to save the planet. She is not the eco-warrior we deserve right now, but she’s the one we need. Especially with Trump in charge. 6. Skittles: “Romance” America’s most popular non-chocolate candy checks in with their new ad, and it’s an upgrade from last year’s bizarre Steven Tyler nightmare-inducing effort. “Katy! …” 7. Bud Light: “Ghost Spuds” See video above. 8. Mr. Clean: “Cleaner Of Your Dreams” Believe it or not, Mr. Clean is coming up on his 60th anniversary next year. Making his debut in 1958, the Procter & Gamble cleaning product was invented by the owner of a shipping line who needed a non-toxic cleaning product that wouldn’t make his workers sick. When it was later released to the general public, Mr. Clean immediately became the top-selling household cleaner on the market. Its mascot, the smiling genie-in-a-cleaning-bottle, has changed little in 59 years — in appearance, anyway. This year Procter & Gamble has introduced a new, sexy Mr. Clean, a detergent gigolo who just may seduce your wife if you’re not vigilant. In its Super Bowl debut, Procter & Gamble gives us the new Mr. Clean. I feel a little dirty. 9. Go Daddy: “The Internet Wants You” How many recent memes did you count in this commercial? I got 20 … among them the Rick Roll sound track. That’s the point of this spot, where the internet approves of what you’re doing (sneezing panda). 10. Wix: “Chef Felix” Jason Statham and Gal Gadot would be better off making this a movie franchise. 11. Audi: “Daughter” I didn’t have much of a reaction to this ad one way or the other, except to note that hey, the soap box derby looks like fun. Then I read the YouTube comments. Whoa … passionate reactions on both sides. Not sure how this is even a controversy — sure, we move forward when we value the work of women as much as men. But not all agree with how this is presented, apparently. 12. T-Mobile: “Unlimited Moves” First of all, Justin Bieber will never not be 12 years old, no matter how many tattoos he acquires. Also, Gronkowski is a perfect caveman. And what’s Terrell Owens doing here again? It’s all some tenuous connection between mobile phone service and end zone dance moves. But as we know, the NFL stands for No Frolicking League. 13. Buick: “Not So Pee Wee Football” What can Miranda Kerr and Cam Newton do today to get you into this car? 14. Squarespace: “Being John Malcovich.com” The actor can’t believe that someone else has the domain name he wants. Drama ensues in a Burn After Reading kind of way. 15. Ford: “Go Further” The kid hanging by his shoe by the top of a chain-link fence is worth the price of admission here, at least for me, because I witnessed something like that in real life and it was hilarious. This spot is growing on me — I like it better on each new viewing. Especially cool is the song I Wish I Knew What It Was Like To be Free by Nina Simone. I’m moving this up on Friday. 16. Yellow Tail: “Kangaroo” Wait, doesn’t Anheuser-Busch have exclusive rights to alcohol advertising at the Super Bowl? Well, yes. But Yellow Tail got around that by producing this regional ad, which will be seen in 80 percent of the country. 17. Sprint: “Car” Any commercial where a kid looks at his dad and asks “Isn’t that illegal?” will always rate highly here. Sprint continues it’s all-out war on Verizon, because it knows Verizon won’t fight back. 18. Nintendo Switch: “The Battle Of Evony” Top Games USA Inc. must have spent major cash producing this. If only they had Nintendo Switch, these warring factions could have worked out their differences without bloodsshed. 19. Wendy’s: “Cold Storage” Wendy’s is a little sensitive about the notion that their beef comes from frozen patties. Remember this?: @NHride Sorry to hear you think that! But you're wrong, we've only ever used fresh beef since we were founded in 1969. — Wendy's (@Wendys) January 2, 2017 @NHride Where do you store cold things that aren't frozen? — Wendy's (@Wendys) January 2, 2017 @NHride You don't have to bring them into this just because you forgot refrigerators existed for a second there. — Wendy's (@Wendys) January 2, 2017 So now they’re advertising in the Super Bowl for the first time in 40 years, where the world will finally realize that their beef is NOT FROZEN, DAMMIT! 20. Avocados From Mexico: “Secret Society” Jon Lovitz is the best part of this, but he’s only on screen for a moment. In other news, avocados are delicious and don’t really need any hype. 21. Wonderful Pistachios: “Elephant Ernie Gets Physical” Ernie The Elephant is back, this time in the gym. But we feel compelled to remind everyone that elephants are supposed to be fat — if they lost a lot of weight, they wouldn’t survive. 22. Febreze: “Bathroom Break” We get the premise, but how many of your Super Bowl party guests are really going No. 2? If you’re using that much Febreze, I’d look into what you’re serving. 23. Tide: “Gronk’s Cleaners Discount” Tide is implying that there will be a Part II to this commercial when it appears on Sunday. I sure hope so. It will be nice to see Gronk during the game, and Jeffrey Tambor is always awesome. But the spot itself is rather mediocre. 24. LIFEWTR: “Inspiration Drops” 25. Pepsi & Tostitos: “Super Bowl Party Planner” Von Miller is here to save your Super Bowl party. 26. Intel: “Brady Everyday” Intel replay can make anything epic, says this ad. I challenge the call. 27. Busch: “BUSCHHHHH” *** Thanks to AdWeek, USA Today, Super Bowl Commercials, YouTube, Forbes. tags: Super Bowl 51 Super Bowl Ad Power Rankings Tweet More from SportsGrid Super Bowl Ad Power Rankings: Melissa McCarthy Is The Eco-Warrior We Need Right Now Super Bowl Ad Power Rankings: Budweiser Spot Is Direct Swipe At Trump’s Muslim Ban Super Bowl Ad Power Rankings: Anheuser-Busch Jumps In With Powerful Immigrant Statement The Coen Brothers Have Directed A Super Bowl Ad For The First Time In 15 Years And It Looks Like We’ve Got Our First Banned Super Bowl Ad … Because Trump Courtyard Marriott Released A Way-too-early Super Bowl 51 Ad newsletter Send us A Tip! × Send us A Tip! Your Name (required) Your Email (required) Subject Your Message 
				 VIDEOS DailyRoto Benny “The Eagle”, Vol. 13: Lineup Full of Kryptonite NBA DFS Thursday: Beverley Thrills 20217 NBA DFS Wednesday: Empire State of Mind DFS PGA: 2017 Waste Management Open DraftKings Picks & Preview PGA DFS GPP Recap: We Are Farmers NBA DFS Tuesday: Enter the Swarm RotoExperts Marleau scores 500th goal, surging Sharks down Canucks 4-1 Documents detail claims ex-Baylor coach Briles ignored sex assaults, kept football players on field Rinne stops 31 shots, Predators beat Oilers 2-0 Kane, Blackhawks beat Coyotes 4-3 to snap 3-game skid Kreider scores in OT, Rangers beat Sabres 2-1
Break♦ing 9♦1♦1 (noun): Newly Received Information About an Event That Is Currently Occurring or Developing. Home contact us News Tips For Your Entertainment Good News Stupid People Stupid Criminals Weird news Funny news People & Culture Animals Celebrities Election 2016 Donald Trump Hillary Clinton Jeb Bush Rand Paul Scott Walker Gay Pride / Marriage Gun Control Illegal Immigration Police LAPD NYPD Officer Shot Politics Bad News Car Accidents Cyber Attacks Domestic Violence Child Abuse Drug Busts Gangs Guns Iran Natural Disasters and Weather Police Brutality Racism Terrorism ISIS Violent Crime VIDEOS Viral Videos ISIS Videos HOME CONTACT US NEWS TIPS February 2, 2017 | 2:53 PM Budweiser may have just put itself in the crosshairs of the next Trump tweet February 2, 2017 | 2:53 PM Home » People & Culture » Illegal Immigration » Budweiser may have just put itself in the crosshairs of the next Trump tweet Illegal Immigration, Politics February 2, 2017 Anheuser-Busch InBev unintentionally waded into political controversy with a 60-second Super Bowl commercial that touts inclusion and the American Dream but could end up drawing the ire of half the country. The well-crafted spot called “Born the Hard Way” tells the story of Adophus Busch’s emigration from Germany to St. Louis, where he shares a beer with businessman Eberhard Anheuser. The two launched their eponymous company in the 19th century, and it became the largest brewer in the United States. The ad was released on Tuesday and shows Busch navigating the new world against the headwinds of prejudice and hardship. The commercial’s themes are hope, ambition, patriotism, hard work and self-reliance. And then there’s timing, with Busch and Anheuser’s serendipitous introduction over a beer that led to their dynasty. Forbes magazine estimates the Budweiser brand is worth about $23.4 billion. Turns out, timing is still relevant. Budweiser has released the commercial as President Donald Trump raised a national firestorm with his order last week to temporarily ban refugees and immigrants from seven mostly Muslim-dominated countries as part of his national security policy. “They hit on a relevant theme that’s going to resonate with half the country,” said Allen Adamson, founder of BrandSimple Consulting, referring to the beer ad. “But in this polarized world, it could easily upset half the country and be seen as political and stepping into something they don’t want to get into. If you feel everyone is out to get your president, this can easily can be interpreted that way.” “It’s a new complicated time,” said Thomas Ordahl, chief strategy officer at branding firm Landor. “It used to be people avoided politics altogether. You can’t do that any more as a brand.” Ordahl said big companies with mass consumer appeal, such as Budweiser, Coca-Cola, Procter & Gamble and others are being forced to navigate the new environment. Companies are more and more willing to pull their endorsement deals from celebrities who embarrass them. Olympic swimmer Ryan Lochte saw his four commercial sponsors drop the 12-time Olympic medal winner in response to an incident during the Summer Olympics in which he falsely claimed he and three teammates had been held up by armed robbers at a Rio de Janeiro gas station. Also last summer, Mars Inc. found itself dragged into a bitter news story when Donald Trump Jr. tweeted a meme that included a picture of a bowl of the confectionary company’s Skittles sweets to argue about the danger of refugees. Tic Tac found itself dragged into the national conversation when Donald Trump Sr., then the Republican presidential candidate, was caught in a lewd video saying he preferred the breath freshener “just in case I start kissing her.” Ordahl said millennials want greater transparency from the companies they patronize, on issues such as what they pay, where they source their products and which political figures they support. “The headline here is brands can’t stand on the sidelines anymore,” Ordahl said. “The knee-jerk is don’t touch. It’s just a third rail. That option is fast disappearing.” “I’m sure Bud’s sales are slipping in the younger demo and they knew that a topic like this would be a hot topic to draw response based around discussions from both parties,” Ron Thompson, creative director at HZDG advertising, headquartered in suburban Washington, said in an email. “What they could not do was forecast the executive order that was signed last week, which will inevitably push this spot into a higher stratosphere for debate and discussion. This started as a concept staged around an edgy subject to remind all people where we came from. It will now come off as a political stance, a perfect or imperfect storm.” Thompson said Mexican brewed Tecate Beer first tackled the immigration issue with its 30-second “Beer Wall” spot that showed Americans and immigrants coming together over its beer. “It got people talking, which is what we creatives try and do everyday,” Thompson said. Budweiser is known for its catchy Super Bowl advertising, including a solemn and patriotic piece that followed the Sept. 11 attacks. In that spot, which aired only once, Budweiser’s signature Clydesdale draught horses bow toward southern Manhattan, where the attacks occurred. The beer company said “Born the Hard Way” has been in the works for almost a year and was not intended to make a political statement. A spokesman said the company, which has its U.S. headquarters on Park Avenue in New York, will carry through and run the spot during Sunday’s game. The company’s CEO is Brazilian-born financier Carlos Brito. “We believe beer should be bipartisan, and did not set out to create a piece of political commentary,” said Marcel Marcondes, vice president of marketing, Anheuser-Busch, in a statement released by the company. “However, we recognize that you can’t reference the American Dream today without being part of the conversation.” Adamson said it cuts both ways. “They obviously got lucky. But I’m sure they’re nervous now because the world has changed since they filmed this commercial,” Adamson said of Budweiser. “It’s riskier for them because so many of their drinkers are in states that voted for the president. Not in Palo Alto.” Super Bowl ads aren’t cheap. The going rate is $5 million for 30 seconds of air time during the game, up from around $4.8 million last year, according to the New York Times. The production of the ads and elaborate marketing campaigns across all media platforms can add millions more. At one time, selling patriotism was a no-brainer, Adamson said. “Being for inclusion, immigration, used to be seen as patriotic and perfectly fine subject matter for almost any brand,” he said. “Now, for sure you are obviously going to have half the audience loving you and half not buying you.” (c) 2017, The Washington Post · Thomas Heath ---- #breaking now Border Patrol Finds Body in Rio Grande EAGLE PASS, Texas – U.S. Border Patrol marine agents working in Eagle Pass found a deceased individual within the… 0 Comments 27021 Views This simple change in government policy could mean a lot more transparency WASHINGTON – The nation’s top telecom and cable regulator wants to give Americans a better view into the workings… 0 Comments 25191 Views CBP Officers Discover Almost a Ton of Marijuana in Fake Wall; Mexican National Arrested CALEXICO, Calif. – U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers at the Calexico East commercial facility on Monday stopped an… 0 Comments 43678 Views First lady hires Bush vet as chief of staff WASHINGTON – First lady Melania Trump might be staying mostly out of sight – but she’s increasing her presence… 0 Comments 49161 Views 16-Year-Old Facing 2 Counts of Vehicular Homicide for Double Fatality Crash In Nashville NASHVILLE, TENNESSEE — The 16-year-old driver of a Nissan 370Z involved in this morning’s double fatality crash on Murfreesboro… 0 Comments 44113 Views New Viber CEO has plan to beat WhatsApp The newly named chief of Japanese retailer Rakuten Inc.’s messaging app Viber plans to quickly introduce new products to… 0 Comments 25451 Views Trump did not threaten war with Mexico, US and Mexican officials agree MEXICO CITY – Did President Donald Trump threaten to invade Mexico? That’s the question at the heart of the… 0 Comments 34250 Views Trump To Israel: New Settlements ‘may not be helpful’ Statement by the White House Press Secretary “The American desire for peace between the Israelis and the Palestinians has… 0 Comments 97920 Views #connect Never Miss Breaking News - Follow Breaking911 Follow us on Facebook likes Follow us on Twitter 175,204 followers #trending LIVE FEED: Violent, Chaotic Riot In Response To Milo Speech at UC Berkeley comments 2146946 Views President Trump makes unannounced trip to honor the return of US Navy SEAL killed in Yemen raid comments 1623267 Views LIVE VIDEO: Inmates Holding Guards Hostage at Maximum Security Prison comments 771337 Views Police: Teacher did a cartwheel while wearing a skirt but no undergarments comments 573114 Views 474 Arrested, 28 Exploited Children Rescued In Massive Calif. Human Trafficking Operation comments 510861 Views Multiple Emergency Crews Respond to Blackhawk Helicopter Crash at Fort Campbell comments 441145 Views ALERT: Bomb Threats Called In At Jewish Community Centers In 4 US States comments 406097 Views Suspicious Package Found Near White House comments 363934 Views Prosecutors: Boy sexually abused at ‘furry parties’ by ‘network’ of men comments 360328 Views WATCH: N.J. bishop punched in face during Mass at Newark cathedral comments 328882 Views AMBER ALERT: Toddler Abducted From Florida Daycare Center comments 321531 Views Border Officers Nab Mexican Murder Suspect Wanted in Sanctuary City comments 309724 Views [related_posts_by_tax]
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 The marijuana industry's first $1 billion 'unicorn' is a Canadian company you've probably never heard of Melia Robinson Feb. 2, 2017, 2:22 PM 21,391 facebook linkedin twitter email print Bruce Linton, founder and CEO of Canopy Growth. Andrew Szeto for Tweed Inc. In a once abandoned Hershey chocolate factory in the small town of Smiths Falls, Ontario, the largest legal marijuana producer in the world grows, trims, processes, packages, and ships weed across the Great White North. Canopy Growth is a cannabis holding company that now supplies the drug to nearly half of Canada's current medical marijuana patient base since its acquisition of rival producer Mettrum in January. Unless you're one of those 40,000 users who lights up with Canopy's bud, you've probably never heard of the company. In the fall of 2016, Canopy, which trades on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the ticker WEED, became the first company in the marijuana industry to achieve elusive "unicorn" status. The manufacturing giant blew past a $2 billion valuation on November 16, one week after eight US states passed ballot initiatives legalizing marijuana in some form. (Its valuation, along with other publicly traded marijuana companies that saw their market cap increase after the US election, has since settled to $943 million as of February 1.) The manufacturer's colossal growth stems from a belief that as more countries legalize marijuana on a federal level, companies like Canopy will be able to branch out into international markets. Canopy already exports marijuana products to Germany and Brazil. Canopy wants to become the Procter & Gamble of pot. Several brands fall under its umbrella and cater to different user preferences. There's Tweed, a medical marijuana producer with slick and youthful branding that could be mistaken for a designer jeans company. The Quebec-based Vert Medical allows Canopy to tap into the French-speaking market, while Bedrocan Canada has a distinctly clinical feel that is likely to gain favor among strictly medicinal users. Canopy Growth operates out of an abandoned factory at 1 Hershey Drive. Andrew Szeto for Tweed Inc. Every day, Bruce Linton, the founder and CEO of Canopy, passes a police station as he pulls into the parking lot of the 472,000-square-foot former chocolate factory where his company grows pot. It's a stark reminder that his success couldn't happen if he were based in the US. Since 2000, Canadians have enjoyed the ability to possess and grow small amounts of weed for medical use. In 2014, the government began licensing companies like Canopy to produce mass amounts of marijuana for patients suffering from serious diseases. The industry raked in $869 million in legal sales in 2016 and is expected to reach $22.6 billion after Prime Minister Justin Trudeau opens up the recreational market this spring. Tweed is a top Canadian producer of medical marijuana. Andrew Szeto for Tweed Inc. The legal framework around marijuana in Canada makes Canopy's growth possible, Linton tells Business Insider. "It's really about the public policy," Linton said. "That doesn't sound sexy or exciting. But if you don't have the right public policy, you don't have the right business opportunity." Linton is a Renaissance man, with over 10 years of experience working in software, telecommunications, water sanitation, and concrete manufacturing. When I asked why he made the leap into the volatile cannabis industry, I half expected him to wax poetic on the healing powers of the plant. He had a more pragmatic answer. Linton wanted to create a vertically integrated company — one that grows marijuana in addition to processing it for oils, gel capsules, and other products and packaging it for shipment — because it would give him better control over quality and bring down costs. A Canopy Growth employee stands in the halo of the marijuana grow room. Andrew Szeto for Tweed Inc. Plus, the industry has no organized competition yet, Linton said. With marijuana regulation in the US trailing Canada's more mature program, he saw an opportunity to get a head start in the increasingly global industry. He eyes the recreational market with optimism. The company's fiscal year ends in March, and Linton expects it to post $12 million in revenue, up from $2 million between 2015 and 2016. Canopy's recent acquisition of Mettrum for $430 million brings its production capacity to six licensed facilities and 665,000 square feet. Patients shouldn't expect to find stoner iconography on Canopy's website and in its facilities. The company aims to elevate the drug to higher standards. "We didn't try to pursue the lowest common denominator concept of 'Let's assume everybody's stoned and not paying attention.' We took the approach of 'Let's assume everybody's paying attention and maybe marijuana is something they're interested in,'" Linton said. SEE ALSO: Trump has two paths he can take on marijuana legalization — here's how they could affect you NOW WATCH: How to move to Canada and become a Canadian citizen Loading video... More: BI Innovation Marijuana Canada Canopy Growth facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru The marijuana industry's first $1 billion 'unicorn' is a Canadian company you've probably never heard of The marijuana industry's first $1 billion 'unicorn' is a Canadian company you've probably never heard of In a once abandoned Hershey chocolate factory... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Letter to My Younger Self Hockey great 'King Henrik' Lundqvist on growing up in a tiny Swedish town and his dad's advice to 'dream big' Read Lundqvist's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
RedEye Your weekend plans. Delivered. Business Budweiser may have put itself in the crosshairs of the next Trump tweet Budweiser Super Bowl ad A Budweiser ad that will air during Super Bowl LI focuses on the immigration story of Anheuser-Busch founder August Busch. A Budweiser ad that will air during Super Bowl LI focuses on the immigration story of Anheuser-Busch founder August Busch. Thomas HeathThe Washington Post Anheuser-Busch InBev unintentionally waded into political controversy with a 60-second Super Bowl commercial that touts inclusion and the American Dream but could end up drawing the ire of half the country. The well-crafted spot called "Born the Hard Way" tells the story of Adophus Busch's emigration from Germany to St. Louis, where he shares a beer with businessman Eberhard Anheuser. The two launched their eponymous company in the 19th century, and it became the largest brewer in the United States. The ad was released on Tuesday and shows Busch navigating the new world against the headwinds of prejudice and hardship. The commercial's themes are hope, ambition, patriotism, hard work and self-reliance. And then there's timing, with Busch and Anheuser's serendipitous introduction over a beer that led to their dynasty. Forbes magazine estimates the Budweiser brand is worth about $23.4 billion. A reminder that Apple's '1984' ad is the only great Super Bowl commercial ever — and it's now 33 years old Michael Hiltzik George Orwell’s novel “1984” is hitting the bestseller lists again, having been moved in bookstores from the “dystopian science fiction” shelves to the “current affairs” section. But today let’s talk about another iteration of “1984”: Ridley Scott’s television commercial that year for the then-new... George Orwell’s novel “1984” is hitting the bestseller lists again, having been moved in bookstores from the “dystopian science fiction” shelves to the “current affairs” section. But today let’s talk about another iteration of “1984”: Ridley Scott’s television commercial that year for the then-new... (Michael Hiltzik) Turns out, timing is still relevant. Budweiser has released the commercial as President Donald Trump raised a national firestorm with his order last week to temporarily ban refugees and immigrants from seven mostly Muslim-dominated countries as part of his national security policy. "They hit on a relevant theme that's going to resonate with half the country," said Allen Adamson, founder of BrandSimple Consulting, referring to the beer ad. "But in this polarized world, it could easily upset half the country and be seen as political and stepping into something they don't want to get into. If you feel everyone is out to get your president, this can easily can be interpreted that way." "It's a new complicated time," said Thomas Ordahl, chief strategy officer at branding firm Landor. "It used to be people avoided politics altogether. You can't do that any more as a brand." Ordahl said big companies with mass consumer appeal, such as Budweiser, Coca-Cola, Procter & Gamble and others are being forced to navigate the new environment. Companies are more and more willing to pull their endorsement deals from celebrities who embarrass them. It's a new complicated time. It used to be people avoided politics altogether. You can't do that any more as a brand. — Thomas Ordahl, chief strategy officer at branding firm Landor Olympic swimmer Ryan Lochte saw his four commercial sponsors drop the 12-time Olympic medal winner in response to an incident during the Summer Olympics in which he falsely claimed he and three teammates had been held up by armed robbers at a Rio de Janeiro gas station. Also last summer, Mars Inc. found itself dragged into a bitter news story when Donald Trump Jr. tweeted a meme that included a picture of a bowl of the confectionary company's Skittles sweets to argue about the danger of refugees. Tic Tac found itself dragged into the national conversation when Donald Trump Sr., then the Republican presidential candidate, was caught in a lewd video saying he preferred the breath freshener "just in case I start kissing her." Top 5 best and worst 2016 Super Bowl commercials Steve Johnson By now, you've seen all of the Super Bowl commercials. These were the five best and five worst Super Bowl ads I saw during the game Sunday night: CREAM OF THE CROP:Heinz, Wiener Stampede, A+ That this best spot of the Super Bowl could be made so simply (and so inexpensively) has to have other advertisers... By now, you've seen all of the Super Bowl commercials. These were the five best and five worst Super Bowl ads I saw during the game Sunday night: CREAM OF THE CROP:Heinz, Wiener Stampede, A+ That this best spot of the Super Bowl could be made so simply (and so inexpensively) has to have other advertisers... (Steve Johnson) Ordahl said millennials want greater transparency from the companies they patronize, on issues such as what they pay, where they source their products and which political figures they support. "The headline here is brands can't stand on the sidelines anymore," Ordahl said. "The knee-jerk is don't touch. It's just a third rail. That option is fast disappearing." "I'm sure Bud's sales are slipping in the younger demo and they knew that a topic like this would be a hot topic to draw response based around discussions from both parties," Ron Thompson, creative director at HZDG advertising, headquartered in suburban Washington, said in an email. "What they could not do was forecast the executive order that was signed last week, which will inevitably push this spot into a higher stratosphere for debate and discussion. This started as a concept staged around an edgy subject to remind all people where we came from. It will now come off as a political stance, a perfect or imperfect storm." Say goodbye to Doritos (commercials) during Super Bowl LI Cindy Boren Their commercials have been some of the most popular shown during Super Bowls, but don't look for Doritos ads during the Super Bowl LI telecast Feb. 5. Frito-Lay, a subsidiary of PepsiCo that also makes Cheetos, Funyuns and Sun Chips, told Advertising Age in an email that it was ending a 10-year... Their commercials have been some of the most popular shown during Super Bowls, but don't look for Doritos ads during the Super Bowl LI telecast Feb. 5. Frito-Lay, a subsidiary of PepsiCo that also makes Cheetos, Funyuns and Sun Chips, told Advertising Age in an email that it was ending a 10-year... (Cindy Boren) Thompson said Mexican brewed Tecate Beer first tackled the immigration issue with its 30-second "Beer Wall" spot that showed Americans and immigrants coming together over its beer. "It got people talking, which is what we creatives try and do everyday," Thompson said. Budweiser is known for its catchy Super Bowl advertising, including a solemn and patriotic piece that followed the Sept. 11 attacks. In that spot, which aired only once, Budweiser's signature Clydesdale draught horses bow toward southern Manhattan, where the attacks occurred. The beer company said "Born the Hard Way" has been in the works for almost a year and was not intended to make a political statement. A spokesman said the company, which has its U.S. headquarters on Park Avenue in New York, will carry through and run the spot during Sunday's game. The company's CEO is Brazilian-born financier Carlos Brito. "We believe beer should be bipartisan, and did not set out to create a piece of political commentary," said Marcel Marcondes, vice president of marketing, Anheuser-Busch, in a statement released by the company. "However, we recognize that you can't reference the American Dream today without being part of the conversation." Adamson said it cuts both ways. "They obviously got lucky. But I'm sure they're nervous now because the world has changed since they filmed this commercial," Adamson said of Budweiser. "It's riskier for them because so many of their drinkers are in states that voted for the president. Not in Palo Alto." Super Bowl ads aren't cheap. The going rate is $5 million for 30 seconds of air time during the game, up from around $4.8 million last year, according to the New York Times. The production of the ads and elaborate marketing campaigns across all media platforms can add millions more. At one time, selling patriotism was a no-brainer, Adamson said. "Being for inclusion, immigration, used to be seen as patriotic and perfectly fine subject matter for almost any brand," he said. "Now, for sure you are obviously going to have half the audience loving you and half not buying you." Copyright © 2017, Chicago Tribune Donald Trump Procter & Gamble Anheuser-Busch InBev What you didn't know about Apple's '1984' Super Bowl ad To stand out at Super Bowl, ads are going for stunts Super Bowl can't truly unite nation, but it can offer a welcome distraction Breaking Sports Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Business Advertising 15°
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Main Menu NYSCC Suppliers’ Day Opens Attendee Registration 2 February 2017Military News Largest Trade Show in North America for Cosmetic Chemistry Innovations, May 2-3, Javits Center in New York New York, NY, February 2, 2017 (Newswire.com) – ​Attendee registration is now open for NYSCC Suppliers’ Day, the largest event in North America for cosmetic chemistry, May 2-3, 2017 at the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center in New York, New York.  Taking place for the first time in New York, the 38th Annual New York Society of Cosmetic Chemists (NYSCC) Suppliers’ Day is the must-attend event for all those seeking innovation, education and business connections in the cosmetics and personal care industries. Cosmetic chemists, ingredient executives including R&D professionals involved in ingredient/strategic sourcing, formulation experts, and marketing/sales strategists are encouraged to register as attendees now for this highly anticipated event: We are very excited to be exhibiting at the Javits Center in New York City this Suppliers’ Day. Being in the heart of the city, where beauty comes alive, where trends are created, and where consumers of all ages, demographics, and ethnicities are omnipresent, this show will ignite collaboration for the creation of the successful beauty and personal care products of the future, and we look forward to presenting our latest innovations here. Beth Mota, Marketing Manager, NOAM, Givaudan Active Beauty https://r1.events-registration.com/suppliersday2017/ “NYSCC members and the chemical ingredients community have been overwhelming positive about the new Javits location in New York City. This May, Suppliers’ Day will be a hotbed of activity in beauty and personal care innovations and provide ample networking and business-building,” said Marie Thadal, Chair/President, NYSCC Executive Board.     Interest in exhibit space for Suppliers’ Day at its new venue in New York has been strong, with more than 400 top suppliers and distributors already set to display their latest innovations and industry solutions including AkzoNobel, Alban Muller, Ashland, BASF, Clariant, DSM Nutritional Products, Eastman Chemical Company, Evonik, Givaudan Active Beauty, Kobo Products, Lubrizol, Pilot Chemical, Procter and Gamble Chemicals, Silab, and The Dow Chemical Company and Dow Corning as well as a Business France’s Pavilion featuring 12 exhibitors occupying 15 stands.   “We are very excited to be exhibiting at the Javits Center in New York City this Suppliers’ Day.  Being in the heart of the city, where beauty comes alive, where trends are created, and where consumers of all ages, demographics, and ethnicities are omnipresent, this show will ignite collaboration for the creation of the successful beauty and personal care products of the future, and we look forward to presenting our latest innovations here,” said Beth Mota, Marketing Manager, NOAM, Givaudan Active Beauty. Specialty areas at this year’s Suppliers’ Day include: INNOVATIONS ALLEY: a showcase of the latest ingredients, solutions and technology that are, in many cases, debuting in the U.S. or have not been seen at an event prior to NYSCC Suppliers Day 2017. FUTURE CHEMISTS WORKSHOP: a curated area on the show floor to challenge and reward up and coming cosmetic students.  Suppliers are invited to provide ingredients, equipment and support; results of the challenge will be published with the aim of demonstrating NYSCC’s commitment to educating the industry and showcasing, trends and innovations that will drive the future in skin, hair, and color cosmetics. DIGITAL AGE OF BEAUTY: a learning area featuring the technologies driving supply chain innovations, product development and efficient time-to-market including, 3D printing, data intelligence tools, virtual reality and digital enhancements and filters. “Bringing the industry together, under one roof, for an immersive experience of discovering new products and connecting with peers is what Suppliers’ Day is all about. Now being in New York, in one contiguous hall of exhibit space, will make the event even more accessible and conducive to the entire product development teams in the tri-state area as well as around the world,” said Steve Weinberg, Regional Sales Manager, Kinetik Technologies. Suppliers’ Day is the NYSCC flagship event and attracts close to 8,000 participants working in R&D and product development for the biggest brand manufacturers in beauty and personal care as well as emerging independents.  Exhibitors include the leading ingredient and raw materials suppliers as well as testing and quality control labs, machinery, packaging companies and professional service providers.  To register to attend and for more information on NYSCC Suppliers’ Day including exhibiting and sponsorship information visit: http://www.nyscc.org/suppliersday or contact: suppliersday@nyscc.org. About New York Society of Cosmetic Chemists (NYSCC) Dedicated to the advancement of cosmetic science, the New York Society of Cosmetic Chemists, www.nyscc.org, strives to increase and disseminate scientific information through meetings and publications. By promoting research in cosmetic science and industry, and by setting high ethical, professional and educational standards, we reach our goal of improving the qualifications of cosmetic scientists. Our mission is to further the interests and recognition of cosmetic scientists while maintaining the confidence of the public in the cosmetic and toiletries industry. To request a press badge for Suppliers’ Day email:  press@nyscc.org or call Annie Scully at 201-310-9252 Source: New York Society of Cosmetic Chemists (NYSCC) Posted Under Uncategorized Tagged Business Companies company Education Industry intelligence Markets Science service Space Technology Uncategorized World Post navigation Trillium Therapeutics Outlines Anticipated Activities and Milestones for 2017 LISNR’s Innovative Audio Technology Will Enhance Visitor Engagement at Cincinnati Contemporary Arts Center Search Search for: Partners US Restaurants Copyright © 2017 MilTech. Proudly powered by WordPress. | Theme: Awaken by ThemezHut.
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Main Menu NYSCC Suppliers’ Day Opens Attendee Registration 2 February 2017Military News Largest Trade Show in North America for Cosmetic Chemistry Innovations, May 2-3, Javits Center in New York New York, NY – February 2, 2017 – (Newswire.com) ​Attendee registration is now open for NYSCC Suppliers’ Day, the largest event in North America for cosmetic chemistry, May 2-3, 2017 at the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center in New York, New York.  Taking place for the first time in New York, the 38th Annual New York Society of Cosmetic Chemists (NYSCC) Suppliers’ Day is the must-attend event for all those seeking innovation, education and business connections in the cosmetics and personal care industries. Cosmetic chemists, ingredient executives including R&D professionals involved in ingredient/strategic sourcing, formulation experts, and marketing/sales strategists are encouraged to register as attendees now for this highly anticipated event: https://r1.events-registration.com/suppliersday2017/ “NYSCC members and the chemical ingredients community have been overwhelming positive about the new Javits location in New York City. This May, Suppliers’ Day will be a hotbed of activity in beauty and personal care innovations and provide ample networking and business-building,” said Marie Thadal, Chair/President, NYSCC Executive Board.     Interest in exhibit space for Suppliers’ Day at its new venue in New York has been strong, with more than 400 top suppliers and distributors already set to display their latest innovations and industry solutions including AkzoNobel, Alban Muller, Ashland, BASF, Clariant, DSM Nutritional Products, Eastman Chemical Company, Evonik, Givaudan Active Beauty, Kobo Products, Lubrizol, Pilot Chemical, Procter and Gamble Chemicals, Silab, and The Dow Chemical Company and Dow Corning as well as a Business France’s Pavilion featuring 12 exhibitors occupying 15 stands.   “We are very excited to be exhibiting at the Javits Center in New York City this Suppliers’ Day.  Being in the heart of the city, where beauty comes alive, where trends are created, and where consumers of all ages, demographics, and ethnicities are omnipresent, this show will ignite collaboration for the creation of the successful beauty and personal care products of the future, and we look forward to presenting our latest innovations here,” said Beth Mota, Marketing Manager, NOAM, Givaudan Active Beauty. Specialty areas at this year’s Suppliers’ Day include: INNOVATIONS ALLEY: a showcase of the latest ingredients, solutions and technology that are, in many cases, debuting in the U.S. or have not been seen at an event prior to NYSCC Suppliers Day 2017. FUTURE CHEMISTS WORKSHOP: a curated area on the show floor to challenge and reward up and coming cosmetic students.  Suppliers are invited to provide ingredients, equipment and support; results of the challenge will be published with the aim of demonstrating NYSCC’s commitment to educating the industry and showcasing, trends and innovations that will drive the future in skin, hair, and color cosmetics. DIGITAL AGE OF BEAUTY: a learning area featuring the technologies driving supply chain innovations, product development and efficient time-to-market including, 3D printing, data intelligence tools, virtual reality and digital enhancements and filters. “Bringing the industry together, under one roof, for an immersive experience of discovering new products and connecting with peers is what Suppliers’ Day is all about. Now being in New York, in one contiguous hall of exhibit space, will make the event even more accessible and conducive to the entire product development teams in the tri-state area as well as around the world,” said Steve Weinberg, Regional Sales Manager, Kinetik Technologies. Suppliers’ Day is the NYSCC flagship event and attracts close to 8,000 participants working in R&D and product development for the biggest brand manufacturers in beauty and personal care as well as emerging independents.  Exhibitors include the leading ingredient and raw materials suppliers as well as testing and quality control labs, machinery, packaging companies and professional service providers.  To register to attend and for more information on NYSCC Suppliers’ Day including exhibiting and sponsorship information visit: http://www.nyscc.org/suppliersday or contact: suppliersday@nyscc.org. About New York Society of Cosmetic Chemists (NYSCC) Dedicated to the advancement of cosmetic science, the New York Society of Cosmetic Chemists, www.nyscc.org, strives to increase and disseminate scientific information through meetings and publications. By promoting research in cosmetic science and industry, and by setting high ethical, professional and educational standards, we reach our goal of improving the qualifications of cosmetic scientists. Our mission is to further the interests and recognition of cosmetic scientists while maintaining the confidence of the public in the cosmetic and toiletries industry. To request a press badge for Suppliers’ Day email:  press@nyscc.org or call Annie Scully at 201-310-9252 Related Links NYSCC Suppliers’ Day Attendee Registration NYSCC Suppliers’ Day Related Images Press Release Service by Newswire.com Original Source: NYSCC Suppliers’ Day Opens Attendee Registration Posted Under Uncategorized Tagged Business Companies company Education Industry intelligence Markets Science service Space Technology Uncategorized World Post navigation Renovate America Completes $100 Million Credit Facility for Benji Toyota Industries Corporation (TICO) Creates New Advanced Logistics Solutions Division, Announces Acquisition Of Bastian Solutions, LLC Search Search for: Partners US Restaurants Copyright © 2017 MilTech. Proudly powered by WordPress. | Theme: Awaken by ThemezHut.
Variety Editions: U.S Latino Global Asia Subscribe Today! Navigation Menu Film TV Digital Contenders Video Dirt Scene More Biz Music Legit Jobs Conferences Insight Archives Directory Choose Edition: U.S Latino Global Asia Russia | My Account Sign In Subscribe Home TV News Brian Terkelsen Steps Down from Publicis Media Brian Steinberg Senior TV Editor @bristei 0 Share This Article Email LinkedIn Pin It Tumblr Print Courtesy of Publicis Group February 2, 2017 | 09:23AM PT Brian Terkelsen, a senior Madison Avenue executive who had a significant hand in guiding some of the media-buying operations of Publicis Groupe, has resigned from his post, according to a spokesman. Terkelsen, a veteran who during his time at Publicis’ Mediavest was involved in securing ad support for such developments as the launch of TV’s CW network, has worked for marketers including Procter & Gamble and Coca-Cola. He was an early partner to Mark Burnett, helping him launch “Eco-Challenge,” a precursor to some of the producer’s reality-competition content. He also had a hand in developing a TV concept known as a “showmerical,” or a series of TV ads that told a story across multiple commercial breaks in a single program. “I have been humbled and honored to lead this agency over the past years, first in the U.S. and most recently globally,” Terkelsen said in a statement. “I’m incredibly proud of the team and the brilliant work we have created in partnership with our clients and I look forward to their bright future.” Terkelsen had ascended to global brand president for Medivest Spark, one of the nation’s largest media buying firms. Prior to that, he was CEO of Mediavest’s U.S. operations. Before joining Mediavest  in 2003, he spent six years as general manager of Be Here Technologies, overseeing the sales, marketing and production groups and the sale of broadcast services to “Entertainment Tonight,” NBC, the National Basketball Association, the 2002 Winter Olympics and HBO Sports. Before that, he was group general manager of Quokka Sports, where he negotiated programming deals in the adventure and sailing space. He began his career as an investment banker. Publicis Groupe last year reorganized its sundry media holdings, which also include Starcom, Zenith and Blue 449, once known as Optimedia, in a desire to become more competitive with rivals as digital media gains more emphaiss andafter a series of account losses at Mediavest became cause for concern. Terkelsen at the time was promoted to the global role, but he joins a number of other senior executives at the company who have departed in recent months. The spokesman said said Terkelsen’s depature was not related to account lossses, and noted Mediavest Spark has notched account wins like KFC and USAA in recent months Publicis Media did not name an immediate successor for Terkelsen, but the spokesman suggested it would seek a new executive for the role. Terkelsen’s next plans could not be immediately learned. Filed Under: Brian Terkelsen Publicis Media Tv Advertising Want to read more articles like this one? SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY. Post A Comment 0 2016-2017 Oscar Predictions Most Popular 1 Film 12:01AM PT Eric Clapton Movie to Be Directed by Oscar-Winner Lili Fini Zanuck 2 Film 12:00AM PT Film Review: ‘Rings’ 3 Film 10:44PM PT Film Review: ‘The Grace of Jake’ 4 TV 7:00PM PT Carol Burnett’s TV Return Inches Closer With Official ABC Pilot Order 5 TV 6:45PM PT ‘The Goldbergs’ 1990’s Spinoff Picked Up to Pilot at ABC Is It Finally Time to Give Laika an Oscar? Playback: Barry Jenkins on ‘Moonlight’ and Making ‘Bittersweet’ Oscar History Lionsgate Aces Oscar Noms With Different Approaches SAG Awards: ‘Hidden Figures,’ Denzel Washington Wins Provide Surprises, Keep the Season Interesting Variety Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut See More Jobs Marketplace Leave a Reply No Comments Cancel reply Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. More TV News from Variety The Power of Content Say Goodbye to Your Cable Clutter with the Bluelounge CableBin Lili Fini Zanuck Helming Eric Clapton Documentary; Altitude On… Sneakersnstuff and Social Status Collab on Ultra Boosts for the… HTGAWM Recap: Philly Prison Blues Nokia's Android phones probably won't live up to the company's… Subscribe to Variety Today! All The Ways to Get Variety Online Subscription Print Subscription Mobile Apps Newsletters News Alerts Archives Slanguage Dictionary Help Other Variety Products Media: Variety 411 Research & Data: Variety Insight Archives Premium Email Alerts Real Estate Jobs Access the best entertainment industry data available View the Variety archives dating back to 1905 Get News Delivered To Your Inbox Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use About Us Advertise Contact Us Google+ The Power of Content Deadline india.com Hollywoodlife @hollywood TV Line BGR WWD Footwearnews © Copyright 2017 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Variety411: Your production services resource ad
Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders City Hall with Dan McKay Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran NM Higher Ed. with Chris Quintana Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports AP NFL Coverage Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Newsletters Retail Roundup with Jessica Dyer Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Special Sections Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters 38° Share Budweiser may have put itself in the crosshairs of the next Trump tweet By Thomas Heath / The Washington Post Thursday, February 2nd, 2017 at 10:07am .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........Anheuser-Busch InBev unintentionally waded into political controversy with a 60-second Super Bowl commercial that touts inclusion and the American Dream but could end up drawing the ire of half the country. The well-crafted spot called “Born the Hard Way” tells the story of Adophus Busch’s emigration from Germany to St. Louis, where he shares a beer with businessman Eberhard Anheuser. The two launched their eponymous company in the 19th century, and it became the largest brewer in the United States. The ad was released on Tuesday and shows Busch navigating the new world against the headwinds of prejudice and hardship. The commercial’s themes are hope, ambition, patriotism, hard work and self-reliance. And then there’s timing, with Busch and Anheuser’s serendipitous introduction over a beer that led to their dynasty. Forbes magazine estimates the Budweiser brand is worth about $23.4 billion. Advertisement Continue reading Turns out, timing is still relevant. Budweiser has released the commercial as President Donald Trump raised a national firestorm with his order last week to temporarily ban refugees and immigrants from seven mostly Muslim-dominated countries as part of his national security policy. “They hit on a relevant theme that’s going to resonate with half the country,” said Allen Adamson, founder of BrandSimple Consulting, referring to the beer ad. “But in this polarized world, it could easily upset half the country and be seen as political and stepping into something they don’t want to get into. If you feel everyone is out to get your president, this can easily can be interpreted that way.” “It’s a new complicated time,” said Thomas Ordahl, chief strategy officer at branding firm Landor. “It used to be people avoided politics altogether. You can’t do that any more as a brand.” Ordahl said big companies with mass consumer appeal, such as Budweiser, Coca-Cola, Procter & Gamble and others are being forced to navigate the new environment. Companies are more and more willing to pull their endorsement deals from celebrities who embarrass them. Olympic swimmer Ryan Lochte saw his four commercial sponsors drop the 12-time Olympic medal winner in response to an incident during the Summer Olympics in which he falsely claimed he and three teammates had been held up by armed robbers at a Rio de Janeiro gas station. Also last summer, Mars Inc. found itself dragged into a bitter news story when Donald Trump Jr. tweeted a meme that included a picture of a bowl of the confectionary company’s Skittles sweets to argue about the danger of refugees. Tic Tac found itself dragged into the national conversation when Donald Trump Sr., then the Republican presidential candidate, was caught in a lewd video saying he preferred the breath freshener “just in case I start kissing her.” Ordahl said millennials want greater transparency from the companies they patronize, on issues such as what they pay, where they source their products and which political figures they support. “The headline here is brands can’t stand on the sidelines anymore,” Ordahl said. “The knee-jerk is don’t touch. It’s just a third rail. That option is fast disappearing.” Advertisement Continue reading “I’m sure Bud’s sales are slipping in the younger demo and they knew that a topic like this would be a hot topic to draw response based around discussions from both parties,” Ron Thompson, creative director at HZDG advertising, headquartered in suburban Washington, said in an email. “What they could not do was forecast the executive order that was signed last week, which will inevitably push this spot into a higher stratosphere for debate and discussion. This started as a concept staged around an edgy subject to remind all people where we came from. It will now come off as a political stance, a perfect or imperfect storm.” Thompson said Mexican brewed Tecate Beer first tackled the immigration issue with its 30-second “Beer Wall” spot that showed Americans and immigrants coming together over its beer. “It got people talking, which is what we creatives try and do everyday,” Thompson said. Budweiser is known for its catchy Super Bowl advertising, including a solemn and patriotic piece that followed the Sept. 11 attacks. In that spot, which aired only once, Budweiser’s signature Clydesdale draught horses bow toward southern Manhattan, where the attacks occurred. The beer company said “Born the Hard Way” has been in the works for almost a year and was not intended to make a political statement. A spokesman said the company, which has its U.S. headquarters on Park Avenue in New York, will carry through and run the spot during Sunday’s game. The company’s CEO is Brazilian-born financier Carlos Brito. “We believe beer should be bipartisan, and did not set out to create a piece of political commentary,” said Marcel Marcondes, vice president of marketing, Anheuser-Busch, in a statement released by the company. “However, we recognize that you can’t reference the American Dream today without being part of the conversation.” Adamson said it cuts both ways. “They obviously got lucky. But I’m sure they’re nervous now because the world has changed since they filmed this commercial,” Adamson said of Budweiser. “It’s riskier for them because so many of their drinkers are in states that voted for the president. Not in Palo Alto.” Super Bowl ads aren’t cheap. The going rate is $5 million for 30 seconds of air time during the game, up from around $4.8 million last year, according to the New York Times. The production of the ads and elaborate marketing campaigns across all media platforms can add millions more. At one time, selling patriotism was a no-brainer, Adamson said. “Being for inclusion, immigration, used to be seen as patriotic and perfectly fine subject matter for almost any brand,” he said. “Now, for sure you are obviously going to have half the audience loving you and half not buying you.” — Share Tweet LinkedIn Email Print Subscribe More News Suggested Stories: Hyundai replaces General Motors as NFL auto sponsor – Jun 29, 2015 Congress proposes giveaways to auto, trucking industries – Oct 21, 2015 California: Self-driving cars must have driver behind wheel – Dec 16, 2015 San Francisco battles epidemic of auto burglaries – Jun 13, 2016 Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2017 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
Skip to content &n=abab4b2c’ border=’0′ alt=” /> Menu Menu Articles Videos Conference 2017 Conference 2016 Conference Close Webinars White Papers Awards 2017 Awards 2016 Awards Close Buyer’s Guide TRENDING EL 2016 Award Winners EL Conference 2017 Energy Manager Today Environmental Management Air Water Waste Compliance Manufacturing Supply Chain Transportation To download please complete the following: All fields are required. Email Address Company Name First Name Last Name Job Role C-LevelEnvironment/Sustainability/EHS Manager/VP/DirectorVP/DirectorManager/SupervisorNon ManagementAnalyst/ConsultantOther Job Title Address 1 Address 2 City State/Province/Region Zip/Postal Code Country AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBrunei DarussalamBulgariaBurkina FasoBurundiCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos (Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCongo, The Democratic Republic of TheCook IslandsCosta RicaCote D'ivoireCroatiaCubaCyprusCzech RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-bissauGuyanaHaitiHeard Island and Mcdonald IslandsHoly See (Vatican City State)HondurasHong KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIran, Islamic Republic ofIraqIrelandIsle of ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKorea, Democratic People's Republic ofKorea, Republic ofKuwaitKyrgyzstanLao People's Democratic RepublicLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyan Arab JamahiriyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic ofMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesia, Federated States ofMoldova, Republic ofMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNetherlands AntillesNew CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinian Territory, OccupiedPanamaPapua New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussian FederationRwandaSaint HelenaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and The GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and The South Sandwich IslandsSpainSri LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyrian Arab RepublicTaiwan, Province of ChinaTajikistanTanzania, United Republic ofThailandTimor-lesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited StatesUnited States Minor Outlying IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVenezuelaViet NamVirgin Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe Phone Number Company Size 5,000+1,000-4,999500-999250-499100-24950-9925-4910-245-91-4 Industry Advertising/Media/PublishingAerospace and AviationAgriculture and ForestryAutomotiveBanking/Accounting/FinancialComputer and TechnologyEducation and TrainingEnergy Services/TechnologyEngineering and ConstructionEntertainment/Travel/HospitalityEnvironmental Services/TechnologyGovernment and Public AdministrationFood and BeverageInsuranceHealthcareLegal SolutionsManufacturingAdvertising/Marketing/PR/MediaNon profit OrganizationsPharmaceuticalReal EstateTelecommunicationsRetail and WholesaleScientificTransportation and ShippingUtilitiesOther Industry Not Listed To download please complete the following: All fields are required. Email Address Company Name First Name Last Name Job Role C-LevelEnvironment/Sustainability/EHS Manager/VP/DirectorVP/DirectorManager/SupervisorNon ManagementAnalyst/ConsultantOther Job Title Address 1 Address 2 City State/Province/Region Zip/Postal Code Country AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBrunei DarussalamBulgariaBurkina FasoBurundiCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos (Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCongo, The Democratic Republic of TheCook IslandsCosta RicaCote D'ivoireCroatiaCubaCyprusCzech RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-bissauGuyanaHaitiHeard Island and Mcdonald IslandsHoly See (Vatican City State)HondurasHong KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIran, Islamic Republic ofIraqIrelandIsle of ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKorea, Democratic People's Republic ofKorea, Republic ofKuwaitKyrgyzstanLao People's Democratic RepublicLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyan Arab JamahiriyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic ofMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesia, Federated States ofMoldova, Republic ofMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNetherlands AntillesNew CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinian Territory, OccupiedPanamaPapua New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussian FederationRwandaSaint HelenaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and The GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and The South Sandwich IslandsSpainSri LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyrian Arab RepublicTaiwan, Province of ChinaTajikistanTanzania, United Republic ofThailandTimor-lesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited StatesUnited States Minor Outlying IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVenezuelaViet NamVirgin Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe Phone Number Company Size 5,000+1,000-4,999500-999250-499100-24950-9925-4910-245-91-4 Industry Advertising/Media/PublishingAerospace and AviationAgriculture and ForestryAutomotiveBanking/Accounting/FinancialComputer and TechnologyEducation and TrainingEnergy Services/TechnologyEngineering and ConstructionEntertainment/Travel/HospitalityEnvironmental Services/TechnologyGovernment and Public AdministrationFood and BeverageInsuranceHealthcareLegal SolutionsManufacturingAdvertising/Marketing/PR/MediaNon profit OrganizationsPharmaceuticalReal EstateTelecommunicationsRetail and WholesaleScientificTransportation and ShippingUtilitiesOther Industry Not Listed Please Send Me More Information All fields are required. Email Address Company Name First Name Last Name Job Role C-LevelEnvironment/Sustainability/EHS Manager/VP/DirectorVP/DirectorManager/SupervisorNon ManagementAnalyst/ConsultantOther Job Title Address 1 Address 2 City State/Province/Region Zip/Postal Code Country AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBrunei DarussalamBulgariaBurkina FasoBurundiCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos (Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCongo, The Democratic Republic of TheCook IslandsCosta RicaCote D'ivoireCroatiaCubaCyprusCzech RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-bissauGuyanaHaitiHeard Island and Mcdonald IslandsHoly See (Vatican City State)HondurasHong KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIran, Islamic Republic ofIraqIrelandIsle of ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKorea, Democratic People's Republic ofKorea, Republic ofKuwaitKyrgyzstanLao People's Democratic RepublicLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyan Arab JamahiriyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic ofMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesia, Federated States ofMoldova, Republic ofMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNetherlands AntillesNew CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinian Territory, OccupiedPanamaPapua New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussian FederationRwandaSaint HelenaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and The GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and The South Sandwich IslandsSpainSri LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyrian Arab RepublicTaiwan, Province of ChinaTajikistanTanzania, United Republic ofThailandTimor-lesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited StatesUnited States Minor Outlying IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVenezuelaViet NamVirgin Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe Phone Number Company Size 5,000+1,000-4,999500-999250-499100-24950-9925-4910-245-91-4 Industry Advertising/Media/PublishingAerospace and AviationAgriculture and ForestryAutomotiveBanking/Accounting/FinancialComputer and TechnologyEducation and TrainingEnergy Services/TechnologyEngineering and ConstructionEntertainment/Travel/HospitalityEnvironmental Services/TechnologyGovernment and Public AdministrationFood and BeverageInsuranceHealthcareLegal SolutionsManufacturingAdvertising/Marketing/PR/MediaNon profit OrganizationsPharmaceuticalReal EstateTelecommunicationsRetail and WholesaleScientificTransportation and ShippingUtilitiesOther Industry Not Listed Username Password Remember Me Lost your password? Forgotten Password Cancel If you've no account register here first time User Name : User Email : Password : Login Now What Role Will Plastics Play in the Circular Economy? February 2, 2017February 2, 2017 by Jessica Lyons Hardcastle As a growing number of industry players and governments in the US and Europe make the business and environmental case for adopting circular economy models, plastics — and their role in the circular economy — are taking center stage. Some 70 percent of plastic packaging, for example, can be profitably reused or recycled, up from today’s global recycling rate of 14 percent, according to the Ellen MacArthur Foundation. To reach this 70 percent mark, 40 organizations across the plastics value chain — including Unilever, Amcor, Coca-Cola, Danone, Mars, Novamont and Veolia  — last month endorsed a circular economy plan developed by the Ellen MacArthur Foundation and the World Economic Forum. Several leading companies including Procter & Gamble, Unilever and Coca-Cola European Partners, are already employing circular economy approaches to plastics used in their products and packaging, saving money and reducing waste and emissions through their efforts. Yesterday, in a move that aims to further boost demand for recycled plastics, the Plastics Industry Association’s (PLASTICS’) Recycling Committee released its Environmentally Preferable Purchasing (EPP) Guide. The guide provides an introduction to the various EPP policies that plastics businesses can use to better position products, containing recycled content and other environmentally friendly qualities, to institutional purchasers. Institutional purchasing, in the public and private sectors, accounts for $10 trillion annually in the US. The EPP Guide also outlines how companies can work with state and federal agencies to purchase products that are better for the environment. Numerous federal agencies and 32 states give preferential purchasing status to products with environmental benefits, such as recycled content. “State and federal EPP policies have a lot of unrealized potential in terms of better positioning use of recycled content,” said Kim Holmes, vice president of sustainability at PLASTICS. “Our hope is that this guide will uncover new opportunities to use recycled content and offer recyclers a new sales strategy for positioning their materials with customers.”   Categories WasteTags circular economy, Plastics, rwrr Leave a Comment Cancel reply Prove that you are a human! NEWSLETTER NEWSLETTER SIGNUP Join 100,000+ subscribers who gain a competitive advantage with our news and analysis. Select the newsletters that interest you: Environmental Leader Newsletter (Daily) Recycling & Waste Reduction Report (Weekly) Retail Energy Buyer Newsletter (Weekly) Energy Manager Today Newsletter (Daily) EHS Best Practices Newsletter (Monthly) &n=abab4b2c’ border=’1′ alt=” /> &n=abab4b2c’ border=’1′ alt=” /> Best Practices Managing Change in Environmental Reporting and Compliance Read More Best Practices Videos Sphera Solutions: EMIS Leader Webinars What’s in Store in 2017 for C&I Organizations... Sponsored By Sphera Solutions   Sponsored By Gensuite   FEATURED SUPPLIERS View All Suppliers > White Papers Incident Management 101 Sponsored By: VelocityEHS Office Ergonomics ROI eBook Sponsored By: VelocityEHS Ergonomics Infographic Sponsored By: VelocityEHS NAEM 2016 Trends Report Sponsored By: VelocityEHS Lean Safe Integrating Safety Management and Process Sponsored By: VelocityEHS Leveraging EHS Software in Support of Culture Changes Sponsored By: VelocityEHS Top 10 Steps for a Successful EMIS Project Sponsored By: Sphera Solutions 10 Things you Need to Know about EPA R22 Phaseout Sponsored By: Sphera Solutions Drive Operational Excellence with Compliance Assurance Sponsored By: Sphera Solutions 10 Ways to Minimize Product Compliance Risks Sponsored By: Sphera Solutions View All White Papers > UPCOMING WEBINARS What’s in Store in 2017 for C&I Organizations... ON DEMAND WEBINARS Getting Corporate Buy-in for an Environmental Management Information... From Compliance to Pro-Active Safety with Mobility: Best... EHS Implementation Success is a Team Sport Comparing Energy Leaders on EMIS and Environmental Performance Improve Performance & Reduce Risk with Environmental, Health...   See More Webinars > FOLLOW US PRIVACY POLICY | ABOUT US | SEND A STORY | ADVERTISE | SUBSCRIBE © Copyright 2017 Environmental Leader ® is a registered trademark of Business Sector Media LLC. Your name: Your email address: Send post to email address, comma separated for multiple emails. Cancel
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments10+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Business Budweiser may have put itself in the crosshairs of the next Trump tweet The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Thomas Heath By Thomas Heath February 2 at 8:08 AM Follow @addedvalueth Budweiser's Super Bowl ad highlights its co-founder's pursuit of the American dream. (Budweiser) Anheuser-Busch InBev unintentionally waded into political controversy with a 60-second Super Bowl commercial that touts inclusion and the American Dream but could end up drawing the ire of half the country. The well-crafted spot called “Born the Hard Way” tells the story of Adophus Busch’s emigration from Germany to St. Louis, where he shares a beer with businessman Eberhard Anheuser. The two launched their eponymous company in the 19th century, and it became the largest brewer in the United States. The ad was released on Tuesday and shows Busch navigating the new world against the headwinds of prejudice and hardship. [Why Chobani yogurt is being called “my election night snack"] The commercial’s themes are hope, ambition, patriotism, hard work and self-reliance. And then there’s timing, with Busch and Anheuser’s serendipitous introduction over a beer that led to their dynasty. Forbes magazine estimates the Budweiser brand is worth about $23.4 billion. Turns out, timing is still relevant. Budweiser has released the commercial as President Trump raised a national firestorm with his order last week to temporarily ban refugees and immigrants from seven mostly Muslim-dominated countries as part of his national security policy. “They hit on a relevant theme that’s going to resonate with half the country,” said Allen Adamson, founder of BrandSimple Consulting, referring to the beer ad. “But in this polarized world, it could easily upset half the country and be seen as political and stepping into something they don’t want to get into. If you feel everyone is out to get your president, this can easily can be interpreted that way.” [Boycotts. Backlash. Breitbart: U.S. companies confront a volatile political climate] “It’s a new complicated time,” said Thomas Ordahl, chief strategy officer at branding firm Landor. “It used to be people avoided politics altogether. You can’t do that any more as a brand.” Ordahl said big companies with mass consumer appeal, such as Budweiser, Coca-Cola and others are being forced to navigate the new environment. Companies more and more willing to pull their endorsement deals from celebrities who embarrass them. Olympic swimmer Ryan Lochte saw his four commercial sponsors drop the 12-time Olympic medal winner in response to an incident during the Summer Olympics in which he falsely claimed he and three teammates had been held up by armed robbers at a Rio de Janeiro gas station. Also last summer, Mars Inc. found itself dragged into a bitter news story when Donald Trump Jr. tweeted a meme that included a picture of a bowl of the confectionary company’s Skittles sweets to argue about the danger of refugees. Tic Tac found itself dragged into the national conversation when Donald Trump Sr., then the Republican presidential candidate, was caught in a lewd video saying he preferred the breath freshener “just in case I start kissing her.” Ordahl said millennials want greater transparency from the companies they patronize, on issues such as what they pay, where they source their products and which political figures they support. “The headline here is brands can’t stand on the sidelines anymore,” Ordahl said. “The knee-jerk is don’t touch. It’s just a third rail. That option is fast disappearing.” “I’m sure Bud’s sales are slipping in the younger demo and they knew that a topic like this would be a hot topic to draw response based around discussions from both parties,” Ron Thompson, creative director at HZDG advertising, headquartered in suburban Washington, said in an email. “What they could not do was forecast the executive order that was signed last week, which will inevitably push this spot into a higher stratosphere for debate and discussion. This started as a concept staged around an edgy subject to remind all people where we came from. It will now come off as a political stance, a perfect or imperfect storm.” Thompson said Mexican brewed Tecate Beer first tackled the immigration issue with its 30-second “Beer Wall” spot that showed Americans and immigrants coming together over its beer. “It got people talking, which is what we creatives try and do everyday,” Thompson said. Budweiser is known for its catchy Super Bowl advertising, including a solemn and patriotic piece that followed the Sept. 11 attacks. In that spot, which aired only once, Budweiser’s signature Clydesdale draught horses bow toward southern Manhattan, where the attacks occurred. The beer company said “Born the Hard Way” has been in the works for almost a year and was not intended to make a political statement. A spokesman said the company, which has its U.S. headquarters on Park Avenue in New York, will carry through and run the spot during Sunday’s game. The company’s CEO is Brazilian-born financier Carlos Brito. “We believe beer should be bipartisan, and did not set out to create a piece of political commentary,” said Marcel Marcondes, vice president of marketing, Anheuser-Busch, in a statement released by the company. “However, we recognize that you can’t reference the American Dream today without being part of the conversation.” [Starbucks promised to hired thousands of refugees. Critics want a boycott] Adamson said it cuts both ways. “They obviously got lucky. But I’m sure they’re nervous now because the world has changed since they filmed this commercial,” Adamson said of Budweiser. “It’s riskier for them because so many of their drinkers are in states that voted for the president. Not in Palo Alto.” Super Bowl ads aren’t cheap. The going rate is $5 million for 30 seconds of air time during the game, up from around $4.8 million last year, according to the New York Times. The production of the ads and elaborate marketing campaigns across all media platforms can add millions more. At one time, selling patriotism was a no-brainer, Adamson said. “Being for inclusion, immigration, used to be seen as patriotic and perfectly fine subject matter for almost any brand,” he said. “Now, for sure you are obviously going to have half the audience loving you and half not buying you.” Read more: Taking aim at Trump policies, Starbucks CEO vows to hire 10,000 refugees over five years How CEOs are responding to Donald Trump’s win In corporate America, uncertainty overtakes early optimism about Trump business business true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 10+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Thomas Heath is a local business reporter and columnist, writing about entrepreneurs and various companies big and small in the Washington Metropolitan area. Previously, he wrote about the business of sports for The Post’s sports section for most of a decade. Follow @addedvalueth TOP STORIES Trump warns Israel: New settlements ‘may not help’ achieve Middle East peace The White House’s pushback on new or expanded settlements in the West Bank signals that the new administration will seek some continuity with past presidents, and it came after Trump named a strong proponent of settlements as his ambassador to Israel. By Abby Phillip and Karen DeYoung 7 hours ago Trump calls signal new transactional approach to allies and neighbors Two key GOP senators softened their stance on Obamacare Sens. Orrin Hatch and Lamar Alexander said they are open to repairing the health law ahead of a wholesale repeal as Republicans try to clarify their approach to an issue they’ve targeted for eight years. By Kelsey Snell and Mike DeBonis 8 hours ago Obama’s team worked for months on a Syria plan. Trump’s team swiftly tossed it. To the Trump administration, President Obama’s plan to take Raqqa from ISIS was so risk-averse that it was almost certain to fail. “We found huge gaps in it,” a Trump official said. “It was poor staff work.” By Adam Entous, Greg Jaffe and Missy Ryan 9 hours ago White House says deadly Yemen raid was long planned. Not true, says an Obama official. (Ilana Panich-Linsman for The Post) Austin has become the first battleground in the fight over ‘sanctuary cities’ In a liberal enclave in the heart of conservative Texas, a county sheriff joins the local resistance to Trump immigration policies. By Abigail Hauslohner 10 hours ago White House considering religious-freedom action allowing Americans to opt out of federal regulations The proposed executive order would offer wide latitude in denying services, employment and other benefits on the basis of religious beliefs. White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Trump had no immediate plans to issue a directive. By Juliet Eilperin and Sandhya Somashekhar 13 hours ago ‘Bowling Green massacre’ cited by Trump adviser never happened The Fix: Why so many leaks? Here are two theories. Tech opposition to Trump’s travel ban escalates 12 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Tech industry opposition to Trump travel ban escalates 2 Why the White House seems a little jealous of Germany 3 The mysterious saga of whether Trump planned to leave Washington and visit Harley-Davidson 4 Survey: Only a quarter of Trump voters believe in human-caused climate change 5 Facing backlash, Utah Rep. Jason Chaffetz withdraws bill to transfer federal land to the states Market Watch DJIA -0.03% NASDAQ -0.11% Get quote Last Update: 02/03/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business business Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Living Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy How the hottest mess in fashion writing hit rock bottom By Cat Marnell View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) February 1, 2017 | 10:46pm | Updated February 2, 2017 | 1:37pm Modal Trigger Photos by Will Ragozzino and Mina Magda via BFA/REX/Shutterstock Cat Marnell was living the New York City dream. In 2007, she was 25 and had worked her way up to a coveted job at Condé Nast’s now-defunct Lucky magazine, where she was a beauty editor. From free beauty products and treatments to A-list parties and trips to Europe, her job was every bit as glamorous as it sounds. By all appearances, she had it all. Except she was an addict — to heroin, crack cocaine, PCP, Adderall, alcohol, everything. In this excerpt from her new memoir, “How to Murder Your Life” (Simon & Schuster), she describes how she hit rock bottom on a dream trip to Italy for Lucky. I was staying at the Hotel Eden, and the view from my suite was just glorious. I had time before the Gucci party, so I decided to go for a stroll. I’d never been to Rome. SEE ALSO NYC's hottest mess survives to tell her tale of hard-core addiction 0:0 Now, Marnell writes that she is clean and sober, save... It’s a rather walkable city — especially if one is on Vyvanse — and so I had a nice time navigating the winding streets in the rain. Plus there was great shopping — rosaries everywhere! I had to bring a few back to Marco. I stopped at a Bancomat machine by the Fontana di Trevi to take out some cash. Tra la la. It was lovely to be in Europe; I hadn’t been there since high school, and, gee, look at those pigeons — INSUFFICIENT FUNDS, YOU SPOILED IDIOT DRUG ADDICT F—ING RETARD LOSER BRAT, the Bancomat screamed at me. GO THROW YOURSELF IN THE RIVER. No, no, no. I checked my balance: -$1,800. “F–K!” I shrieked at the pigeons. How was this possible? My head spun like a slot machine, remembering the shopping spree before Dawn’s wedding, cash I’d laid out for Dr. X., cash I’d given Marco to buy drugs — and, of course, my $1,600 rent check. So much for self-sufficiency. I was going to be traveling for a week. What was I going to do? I couldn’t call my parents. Those days were over. There was only one person I could think of. “Darlin’?” Mimi accepted the collect call. She was living in Charlottesville, near the University of Virginia. “Caty? Is it really you?” I hadn’t spoken to her in over a year. “Mimi!” I wailed into a pay-phone receiver. “Mimi, I need your help. I’m all the way over in Europe, I am all alone and I have no money!” I started crying. “I’m at a pay phone in the middle of Rome. All by myself!” Liar. “I don’t know what to do. I DON’T KNOW WHAT TO DO!” “I’ll go to the bank right now!” Mimi said. “Thank you,” I wept. “I love you so much.” A–hole. Mimi really did rush right out: She wired me $3,000 within the hour. I’d frightened my 81-year-old grandmother to — well, not quite to death. But surely a little closer to it. Gucci headquarters was in a gargantuan 16th-century palazzo just across the River Tiber from the fabulous Castel Sant’Angelo. If that sentence sounds like it was lifted directly from the internet, well — bingo. I barely remember anything about this party. That’s how out-to-lunch I was. I remember an awkward chat with Gucci’s foxy blond creative director, Frida Giannini. She didn’t seem to particularly speak English and at that point I barely did either. Next up was a sit-down dinner. The editors at my table were from the best magazines from all over the world. A healthier me would have been on cloud nine, but I just wanted to crawl into one of the chic bottles of bubbly Italian mineral water on the table and drown. The American editors returned to the Hotel Eden and said our good nights. When we got to the hotel, I was so drunk that I thought maybe I’d actually sleep — especially since I hadn’t on the flight from New York — but instead I just lay awake feeling agitated, clammy, and anxious. I’d left my sleeping pills and Xanax behind. So now I had “rebound insomnia,” which was 90,000 times worse than the insomnia I had in the first place. I couldn’t have dozed off for a million dollars. I took baths and did deep-breathing exercises in bed. Nothing worked. By 3 in the morning, I was freaking out — screaming inside. I wasn’t used to being so uncomfortable and helpless. In New York, I would have been at the 24-hour Rite Aid, buying Cinnamon Toast Crunch, Pop-Tarts, and Powerade. Simon & Schuster Then I did something that I absolutely should not have done: picked up the phone and ordered binge foods — expensive binge foods — from room service. This wasn’t specifically forbidden or anything, but . . . you just don’t do that on a press trip. Especially on a press trip with a major advertiser! I was representing Jean, and Lucky, Procter & Gamble were paying for the room, and the publicists would see the bill when we checked out. I’d already missed my first-class flight; ordering a bunch of room service was just . . . a bad look. I knew all this. But I ordered pizza, tiramisu and a pastry basket anyway. I was hoping to spike my blood sugar and then come crashing down and into sleep — an old “trick” of mine. Thanks for the first UK press @thetimesmagazine ! Profile by Will Pavia. How To Murder Your Life out over there Feb 1; in the USA January 31. Thanks to @benritterphoto. taken late nite on XMAS EvE 2016 ❤️. Story here: http://www.thetimes.co.uk/magazine/the-times-magazine/addicted-to-lipstick-and-drugs-the-secret-life-of-a-beauty-editor-0vlz5gdtz A photo posted by Cat Marnell (@cat_marnell) on Jan 20, 2017 at 2:40pm PST Yeah, right. After I binged and purged, I picked up the phone again — I was in a half-hypnotized state, truly — and ordered room service again: a cheese and charcuterie plate, a basket of bread, another tiramisu. Another order came up on another rolling tray. I threw all that up, too. By then it was 6 in the morning and all of the alcohol had worn off. I took two Vyvanse and started packing up my stuff. We were all going to the airport together and flying to Milan. At 9 a.m., I met the other editors in the lobby. The publicists were at the front desk, checking out. I wanted to disappear. But no one looked at me funny; no one said anything. At least, not to my face. The Hotel Principe di Savoia was magnificent, but I blew that Popsicle stand the second we checked in and hit the streets. It was hailing in Milan. While the other beauty editors had afternoon tea, I slogged through the icy-cold rain, looking for lit-up green crosses. There were — I knew — farmacias everywhere: elegant little shops you had to be buzzed into, not big drugstores like in the States. It didn’t take long to find one. I stood and rang the doorbell outside. I was wearing leather Goldsign jeans, Nike Dunk Lows, and a soaking-wet white fox-fur coat. It was freezing. Why weren’t they letting me in? BZZZZZ. Finally! I burst inside. I looked for something like Tylenol PM or NyQuil, but didn’t see it. I went to the counter. There were two people working in the pharmacy. “I need medicine for sleep, medicina,” I said. “Please.” The farmacistas stared at me. “For sleep, for sleep.” I made a pillow with my hands like a little Hallmark Store angel. “Please. Sleeping pills. Tranquilizers.” Cat Marnell in 2012Getty Images “Americano?” the woman said rather . . . snidely. “Si,” I said. I mean, what did that have to do with anything? The male pharmacist gave me the ol’ Italian stink eye, but the woman came down from behind the counter. She led me to a wall of herbal sleep supplements. Everything was in cute packaging, like beauty products. “Thees,” she said. “Melatonia.” “Oh, um, grazie,” I said. Yeah, that wasn’t gonna cut it. “Okay?” the pharmacist said. I pointed behind the counter. “Do you have Valium?” I said. Wasn’t Valium over the counter in some parts of the world? Maybe not. “Or cough syrup?” Then, as an afterthought, I fake-coughed: Cough. “No,” she said coldly. Fine. Stupid Europe! I grabbed every incarnation of s–tty melatonia in the joint — tablets, gel caps, powders in capsules — and brought it all up to the register. God knows how much I paid. It didn’t matter. I knew none of it was gonna work. Patrick McMullan The next night, at the Dolce & Gabbana party, I got a smooch on both cheeks from either Dolce or Gabbana — I do not know which one, but he was very tan and smelled predictably fantastic. It was another glittering cocktail reception. I sipped white wine. There was more to drink at the sit-down dinner, which felt more like a wedding reception. It was a huge party — so many guests! The dining room was decadent and dazzling — no overhead lighting, just 10,000 candles, and exotic flowers spilled on every table. This time I actually knew someone at mine: Eva Chen — the Eva Chen — was seated next to me. I actually had something to talk to her about. Charlotte had attended Eva’s wedding over the summer and had shown me the photos when she visited me at Silver Hill. “Congratulations on getting married!” I said. I was a little toasted. “Charlotte showed me the pictures over the summer . . .” Hide yer kids! Thanks @nypost @kirflem !!! (And that blue wig photo is by @stosdada ) A photo posted by Cat Marnell (@cat_marnell) on Dec 11, 2016 at 2:40pm PST “Oh, she did?” Eva said. She was still the beauty director at Teen Vogue. I’d never forgotten how kind she was when I interviewed there. Which may explain — along with my usual excuse, sleep deprivation — what happened next. “Yes,” I said. “When, when . . .” Don’t. “When she visited me . . . in rehab!” Then I started blubbering — right there at the table, into my glam risotto. “Cat,” Eva said, putting her fork down. She reached out and touched my shaking arm. “Are you OK?” Cat Marnell in 2012PatrickMcMullan.com “It’s a g-g-g-ood thing you d-d-didn’t h-h-hire me,” I wept. “I’m a d-d-drug addict.” I told her everything: about forgetting my downers at home, the room service I’d ordered, how my boss Jean didn’t know I’d relapsed. “It’s OK.” Eva Chen patted my back. She probably couldn’t even understand what I was saying, I was crying so hard. At least it was so fashionably dark in that dining room that no one was watching us. “Shhh.” As the first course arrived, I went into the bathroom and cleaned the eyeliner from my cheeks. I was such a freak show. Thank God Eva was so nice. I gorged on melatonin that night. I probably took 30 herbal pills. They did nothing except make me feel sick. I lay in the dark in my suite at the Principe di Savoia, waiting for sleep. I would have swallowed arsenic if someone had promised that it would put me under for at least a few hours — that’s how bad prolonged insomnia feels. But eventually, I gave up: on sleeping, on self-control, on my career, on myself. I gave up on all of it. I just ­f–king gave up. This time, I got prosecco — a whole bottle — plus pastries, cheese plates, pizza and tiramisu. The bill would be . . . God, I don’t know — 150 euros . . . 200? I couldn’t stop. I knew that I should quit my job when I got back to New York. And I was so f–ked up that I didn’t care. SEE ALSO Cat Marnell is back at xoJane and has cleaned up her act 0:0 Cat Marnell has cleaned up her act in time for... I was wearing a purple silk slip and I kept taking it off to vomit in the marble bathroom. When I’d emptied my stomach of the first giant room-service order, I called and ordered it again. It was so sick. The bathroom was the size of a New York studio apartment. At some point — I guess I’d gotten really drunk — I finally passed out in there. When I opened my eyes again, I was on the marble floor by the toilet in my underwear. I knew I’d slept for a few hours. Thank you, God. I got up and put on a robe. Then I went to the window in the bedroom and peeked out the heavy hotel-room curtains. Was it light out? Not yet. The sky was dark purple. Then it slowly turned into light gray. I sat there watching for a long time. I heard the Italian birds wake up. I’m never going to be OK, I thought. From “How to Murder Your Life” by Cat Marnell. Copyright © 2017 by Cat Marnell. Reprinted by permission of Simon & Schuster, Inc. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under cat marnell ,  drug abuse ,  Fashion ,  luxury ,  memoirs ,  party drugs Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Inside LA's most exclusive sex party Read Next Inside LA's most exclusive sex party Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 33,597 Teacher who had sex with three students is denied parole 13,869 Study shows dinosaurs died a dark, cold death 12,126 Protesters storm NYU over conservative speaker's seminar Now On Angelina Jolie makes plea for US to welcome refugees Grandma Whoopi Goldberg staying away from rapping, nude pics Lily Collins puts on impromptu ‘Cats’ performance over dinner SEE ALL Video 0:48 Armless man uses his feet to make toy cars Now On There Was A Sex Scene In ‘Girls’ That Was Too Much For HBO SEE ALL More Stories pagesix Tamron Hall walks away from 'Today' over Megyn Kelly Now On Decider This Sexy Sci-fi Show Is The Best Binge-Watch On Netflix nypost Teacher who had sex with three students is denied parole New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly NY Post Never Miss a Story Get The Post delivered directly to your inbox NY Post Morning Report Page Six Daily Breaking News Special Offers Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link
View mobile site View mobile site Follow us on         Tulsa's 24-Hour News, Weather and Traffic Hi, (not you?) | Member Center | Sign Out Sign In | Register recent on-air advertisers Now Playing Now PlayingNews-Talk 740 KRMG Tulsa's 24-Hour News, ... Listen Live Search Home News Top Stories Oklahoma News US News World News Breaking News Text Alerts Weather 5-Day Forecast KRMG NexRad HD Radar Severe Weather Preparedness TAKE ACTION: Avoid illness during the summer heat Winter Weather Tips Severe Weather Text Alerts School/Business/Church Closings LIVE StormCenter Chase Cameras Traffic Accidents in Tulsa Current ODOT Construction Projects Traffic Cameras Find the lowest gas prices Accident Report Form Red Alert Traffic Notifications The KRMG Morning News Behind the Scenes Blog JAMIE DUPREE Jamie Dupree on Twitter Inside KRMG Air Staff Submit A News Tip KRMG Insider Newsletter Event Guide Community Page How To Advertise On KRMG Concerts Contact Us CoxHSHub.com Tulsa Live Events Union Football Shows KRMG Morning News Herman Cain Rush Limbaugh Sean Hannity KRMG Evening News Clark Howard Kilmeade & Friends The Dana Show Chad Benson Show Wheels Car Care Show KRMG.com Presents Voices of Oklahoma Radio KRMG Ask the Experts Weekend The KRMG Gardening Show Contests The KRMG App KRMG TEXT ALERTS Breaking News Alerts Weather Alerts Red Alert Traffic - transitioning to app! 3 Big Things Home   >  News   >  Local Updated: 3:22 p.m. Tuesday, Jan. 31, 2017 | Posted: 9:00 p.m. Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017 New Mr. Clean is bald, buff and black First update since the '50's #TheNextMrClean Mike Jackson stars in the 2017 limited edition Mr. Clean calendar. (Graphic: Business Wire) Related Mattis warns North Korea against any attack on U.S., allies Woman gets bouquet of Chicken McNuggets Firefighters help puppy stuck in a odd situation Nordstrom removing Ivanka Trump brand clothing, cites sales PHOTOS: New York business owners protest Trump immigration executive order Cox Media Group Mr. Clean just got a makeover. Atlanta native Mike Jackson is the new face of Mr. Clean, having won a national competition as the man who best embodied the bald, earring wearing icon that has represented Proctor & Gamble’s Mr. Clean all-purpose cleaner since the 1950s. The company said Jackson will fill in for the popular image of Mr. Clean while he is on "vacation." >> Read more trending stories   Jackson resembles the almost 60-year-old icon. He is bald, buff and wears a gold earring, but unlike the old Mr. Clean, Jackson is black. BREAKING: @ProcterGamble's Mr. Clean brand gets a fresh face https://t.co/s8HeufzXWo ... @RealMrCleanpic.twitter.com/JOR7X9bmT2— Barrett J. Brunsman (@BarrettCinciBiz) BREAKING: @ProcterGamble's Mr. Clean brand gets a fresh face https://t.co/s8HeufzXWo ... @RealMrCleanpic.twitter.com/JOR7X9bmT2— Barrett J. Brunsman (@BarrettCinciBiz) January 24, 2017 ">January 24, 2017 “It’s definitely a dream come true to become the next Mr. Clean,” Jackson said in a news release. “While it’s impossible to replace the iconic Mr., I’m excited for this opportunity to help people tackle the most seemingly impossible messes while he’s away ... and have some fun!” In addition to receiving $20,000 and a year’s supply of Mr. Clean Magic Erasers, Jackson earned a trip to New York City to shoot a 2017 limited edition Mr. Clean calendar.  Jackson told Yahoo Beauty that he saw the contest for Mr. Clean, which launched in September, on Instagram and felt that he really embodied the character. In a statement, he said it was a dream come true to become the next Mr. Clean. “I actually use the product; I always have,” said Jackson, who works in sports marketing and events management. “I’m actually kind of a neat freak … and kind of OCD in my home.”  He enjoys working out, traveling and reading. He watches Science Channel, History Channel, ESPN and "Family Guy." As part of the gig, Jackson is headed to the Super Bowl in Houston on Sunday for the debut of a new Mr. Clean commercial. We won’t be seeing Jackson in the commercial. The ad features the animated version of Mr. Clean, showing off some new moves and getting dirty. Jackson will continue making special appearances as Mr. Clean, and there's also a Mr. Clean limited edition calendar. Read more here. How exciting! Mike Jackson is #TheNextMrClean! Check out his @RealMrClean calendar here: https://t.co/CWzRaWvBLz#CG#adpic.twitter.com/2LTh7COE5p— Melissa Hagan (@OutnumberedMama) How exciting! Mike Jackson is #TheNextMrClean! Check out his @RealMrClean calendar here: https://t.co/CWzRaWvBLz#CG#adpic.twitter.com/2LTh7COE5p— Melissa Hagan (@OutnumberedMama) January 25, 2017 ">January 25, 2017 There are no comments yet. Be the first to post your thoughts. Sign in or register.     Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Trending News Mattis warns North Korea against any attack on U.S., allies Woman gets bouquet of Chicken McNuggets Firefighters help puppy stuck in a odd situation Nordstrom removing Ivanka Trump brand clothing, cites sales PHOTOS: New York business owners protest Trump immigration executive order   News/Weather/Traffic News Weather Traffic Event Guide Events Follow and Share RSS Feeds Advertisers and Sponsors How to Advertise Recent on-air advertisers Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu Valpak Tulsa Coupons Rare - America's News Feed About Us Contact Us Work With Us EEOC Statement Help Audio Help Video Help Search Help   © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group   View mobile site View mobile site Enterprise Feedback Management Survey Software Sign In / Register Sign in with your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign in with your email {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? {* /userInformationForm *} New User?Create a New Account Sign In / Register Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign In / Register Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Use another account {* /userInformationForm *} You're Almost Done! Select a display name and password {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Tell us about yourself {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_gender *} *Indicates Required Field {* agreeToTerms *} {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Create a New Account Select a display name and password Already have an account? Sign In {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Tell us about yourself {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_gender *} *Indicates Required Field {* agreeToTerms *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a New Account Already have an account? Sign In {* #registrationFormBlank *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddressBlank *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_gender *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirmBlank *} *Indicates Required Field {* agreeToTerms *} {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank you for registering! We have sent you a confirmation email. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Close Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Close Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Resend Email Verification To sign in you must verify your email address. Fill out the form below and we'll send you an email to verify. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* resendVerification_emailAddress *} {* newPasswordFormButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Sign in
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Budget 2017 Photos Video Search Search Home Companies Baba Ramdev's Patanjali Ayurved is India's No. 2 advertiser, next only to Hindustan Unilever BARC India data for January 21 to 27, 2017 lists India's top 10 advertisers, among other details of TV viewership. S V Krishnamachari   February 3, 2017 13:28 IST Union Road Transport, Highways and Shipping Minister Nitin Gadkari, Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis and Yoga Guru Ramdev at the foundation stone laying ceremony of Patanjali Food and Herbal Park at MIHAN, Nagpur on Sept 10, 2016.IANS Patanjali Ayurved, an Indian FMCG company actively endorsed by yoga guru Baba Ramdev, has emerged as the No. 2 advertiser in India, just behind Dutch-Anglo MNC Unilever's Indian subsidiary, Hindustan Unilever Ltd. (HUL). It also emerged as the second in the list of top 10 brands, below Vodafone, according to the data released for the week January 21-27, 2017 by television audience measurement agency Broadcast Audience Research Council (BARC) India on Friday.  Read: Patanjali Ayurved in Pakistan? Why not, asks Baba Ramdev TRP ratings: Naagin 2 continues to rule; The Kapil Sharma Show beats Shakti, Kumkum Bhagya However, the number of insertions (advertisements) for Patanjali Ayurved at 38,886 was far below that of HUL at 97,428. Read: BSE lists at Rs 1,085 on NSE; trading volume hits 1.20 crore shares Other big spenders on TV ads in India include Reckitt Benckiser (India), Cadburys India, Smithkline Beecham, Brooke Bond Lipton India and Proctor & Gamble. ITC was ranked at 10th position. From a brands ranking perspective, Fogg Scent, Shopclues, Horlicks, Olx and Maruti Suzuki Ignis were ranked below Vodafone Super Hour and Patanjali Range of Products. The top TV channels for the reporting week are Sun TV, Star Plus, Colours, Gemini and Zee Telugu. BARC India Patanjali Ayurved recently got a rating upgrade from ICRA for its Rs 300 crore fund-based facilities. Explaining the rating upgrade for PAL, the rating agency said Patanjali Ayurved has been growing steadily over the past few years, increasing its turnover from Rs 2,007 crore in 2014-15 to Rs 4,812 crore the next financial year. For the first seven months of FY2017, the company's turnover was Rs 3,600 crore.  Over the past few months, PAL has been on an expansive spree, setting up facilities and food parks at Sonitpur, Assam and Nagpur, Maharashtra, apart from signing an agreement to develop herbal forests in Panchkula, Haryana. BARC India HUL shares were trading at Rs 843 apiece on Friday at around 1.07 pm on the BSE, while the Dabur stock was also flat at Rs 272. The BSE Sensex was 66 points down at 28,160. Top Sensex losers were Tata Motors, Tata Steel, ICICI Bank and Power Grid Corporation. Yoga guru Baba Ramdev with filmmaker Anurag Basu, choreographer Geeta Kapoor and actress Shilpa Shetty on the sets of Sony TV reality show Super Dancer in Mumbai on Oct. 17, 2016IANS Post Comment IBT TV Close Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi resigns after referendum loss Why advertise with us? Latest News Snapchat parent Snap Inc files for $3 billion IPO 1 minute ago By Deependra Jha Editor's Pick WATCH Bruce Springsteen troll Donald Trump after POTUS hangs up phone on Australian PM #ReasonsTrumpHangsUp: Twitter reactions that will make you burst out with laughter Why advertise with us? most popular BSE lists at Rs 1,085 on NSE; trading volume hits 1.20 crore shares BSE Ltd. shares list on NSE at Rs 1,085, 35 percent premium to issue price; trading volumes hits 12 million in 3 hours. World's listed stock exchanges [PHOTOS] As BSE gets ready for listing on February 3 on the NSE, take a look at the world's listed stock exchanges such as Nasdaq, NYSE, Deutsche Borse, HKSE, LSE. Photo Gallery Divya Khosla Kumar celebrates Kabhi Yaadon Mein with Sridevi Reprised versions of popular chartbusters from the 70s and 80s seems to be making a comeback in the Bollywood industry. However, Divya Khosla Kumar takes it a notch further and reprises the not-so-old and super popular 2003 chartbuster Kabhi Yaadon Mein, creating quite a stir across social media and her fans from all over. Jayam Ravi at Bogan success celebration Bogan movie success celebration held at Kamala Cinemas. Celebs like Jayam Ravi, director Lakshman, Kamala Cinemas Owner CT Ganesan also graced the event. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
irishmirrorLoad mobile navigation News Latest News Irish News Crime Politics Education World News News OpinionExpand Sport Latest Sport Soccer GAA Golf Rugby Union UFC Other Sport Sport Opinion Fantasy FootballExpand Showbiz Lifestyle Weird News GAA Soccer Rugby Sign in My Account Sign Out facebook twitter Bingo Competitions Horoscopes Crosswords BuySell About Us Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions How to Complain Mirror.co.uk BelfastLive.co.uk © 2016 MGN Limited Home Showbiz Celebrity News Super Bowl Showbiz Watch all the Super Bowl 2017 commercials as Miranda Kerr, Tom Brady and Jason Statham lead star-studded ads The Super Bowl is the most watched TV programme in the US and advertisers pay as much as $5million for a 30-second spot  Share  Comments ByNatalie Evans 07:39, 3 FEB 2017 Updated09:15, 3 FEB 2017 Showbiz Super Bowl 2017 Ads (Photo: YouTube)  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email The New England Patriots face-off against the Atlanta Falcons this Sunday in the NFL's showpiece sporting event of the year. The Super Bowl is one of, if not, THE most-watched television programme in the United States - making it a prime spot for advertisers. The audience for last year's championship game totalled nearly 112 million viewers, and Super Bowl 51 is expected to be even bigger. As a result, advertisers are paying 21st Century Fox Inc as much as $5million for a 30-second spot during the event at Houston's NRG Stadium. Here's an A to Z of some of the commercials you can expect to see... 84 Lumber Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in  84 Lumber release immigration-themed advert for the Super Bowl Share this video Watch Next The Pennsylvania-based building materials supply company released a 90-second version of their ad, which made waves after Fox rejected their initial idea that reportedly featured immigrants being blocks by a wall. The spot ends with a cliffhanger, directing viewers to watch online after the game, which will include the parts that Fox had rejected. Audi AG Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Audi is one of the few brands taking a stance on an issue during the Super Bowl, with an ad promoting gender equality. Avocados From Mexico Avocados From Mexico returns for its third straight Super Bowl, this time with Jon Lovitz starring in an eerie, Twilight Zone-inspired spot. The commercial is set to run during the game's first commercial break. Bud Light Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Bud Light is bringing back Spuds MacKenzie, its former mascot that became an 1980s pop culture icon, to commemorate the dog's first appearance 30 years ago during Super Bowl XXI. Budweiser Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch NextNintendo Switch has paid up to $5 million for a S Watch this video again Watch Next Lady Gaga gets fans PUMPED UP for Super Bowl perf1:58 Video will play in  Watch the controversial Budweiser advert readied for the Super Bowl Share this video Watch Next In what is sure to be among the most talked-about spots, Budweiser is paying tribute to its parent company's co-founder, Adolphus Busch, a German-born immigrant. It is one of four spots for Anheuser-Busch InBev NV. Buick Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch NextWatch the controversial Budweiser commercial read Watch this video again Watch Next Lady Gaga gets fans PUMPED UP for Super Bowl perf1:58 Video will play in  Miranda Kerr stars in Buick's Super Bowl advert Share this video Watch Next Carolina Panthers quarterback Cam Newton won't feature on the field on Sunday, but he still makes an appearance, taking out a field of five-year-old's in this Buick ad starring alongside Australian supermodel Miranda Kerr. Busch Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Busch is making its Super Bowl debut with a humorous look at the way Anheuser-Busch's value brand's name sounds. Febreze Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Airing in the second quarter, Febreze will make its Super Bowl debut by promoting its OdorClear technology in a way that most football fans can relate: Bathroom breaks. GoDaddy.com Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now After sitting out last year, GoDaddy returns to the Super Bowl with a decidedly less-racy spot than what viewers usually expect from the web services company, featuring one of the internet's most popular animals. Honda Motor Co Ltd Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Honda will promote its 2017 CR-V featuring high school yearbook photos of famous celebrities including Tina Fey, Robert Redford and NBA hall of famer Earvin "Magic" Johnson. Hyundai Motor Company Technically, the South Korean auto-maker will not have a spot during the Super Bowl, instead opting for a 90-second commercial that will run directly following the final whistle. Filmmaker Peter Berg will produce a 90-second documentary of the Super Bowl. Intel Corp Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in  Tom Brady stars in Intel's new TV advertisement Share this video Watch Next The technology company will use New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady to showcase its 360-degree video technology, which will also be used by Fox during the game to show replays. Kia Motors Corp Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Melissa McCarthy will star in the auto-maker's spot, which is set to run during the game's third quarter. Kia released a 15-second teaser for its commercial, which will tout the 2017 Kia Niro, featuring McCarthy running from something in the distance. Mercedes-Benz Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Joel and Ethan Coen, known for directing films "Fargo" and "No Country for Old Men" make their Super Bowl debut with this spot touting the automaker's AMG GT Roadster. Peter Fonda stars. Mr. Clean Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Procter & Gamble Co's cleaning brand is making its Super Bowl debut this year, with a 30-second spot that humorously shows just much how ladies love a guy who cleans. Nintendo Co Ltd Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch NextNintendo Switch has paid up to $5 million for a S Watch this video again Watch Next Watch the controversial Budweiser commercial read1:00 Video will play in  Nintendo drop new advert for Switch during the Super Bowl Share this video Watch Next The Japanese gaming company is using its first ever Super Bowl commercial to promote its newest gaming device, the Nintendo Switch. Paramount Pictures Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now The Viacom Inc-owned studio confirmed it will run trailers for some of its upcoming films, including "Ghost in the Shell" and "Transformers: The Last Knight." Paramount released the one for "Ghost in the Shell." Pepsico Inc Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now PepsiCo is using its long Super Bowl spot to promote its new purified water brand, Lifewtr, with an inspirational spot featuring music by John Legend. Persil Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now The laundry detergent brand is teasing the appearance of a certain "Science Guy" that most U.S. viewers would be familiar with, in its second straight year advertising during the Super Bowl. Skittles Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch NextWatch the controversial Budweiser commercial read Watch this video again Watch Next Lady Gaga gets fans PUMPED UP for Super Bowl perf1:58 Video will play in  Watch the HILARIOUS Skittles Super Bowl advert Share this video Watch Next The Mars Inc brand will use a popular teen-romance trope for its latest Super Bowl commercial: the lovestruck guy trying to get his crush's attention by throwing rocks (except this time it is Skittles) at her upstairs window in the middle of the night. Snickers Snickers will be the first brand to stage a live commercial during the Super Bowl, which will come during the first break of the third quarter. The Mars Inc company has enlisted "Star Wars" actor Adam Driver for the spot and released a quartet of teasers for the ad. Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Sprint Corp Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now This humorous spot from the telecommunications provider continues its war with Verizon, once again using former Verizon spokesperson Paul Marcarelli, to shows just how far consumers will go to get out of their Verizon bills. Squarespace Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now For its fourth Super Bowl ad, the publishing tools company has enlisted John Malkovich, who has appeared in prior ads. The spot is humorous take on the actor, and burgeoning fashion designer, attempting to register the domain name, JohnMalkovich.com, only to find someone else already owns it. (The real JohnMalkovich.com, owned by the actor, is hosted by Squarespace.) In addition to the in-game spot, Squarespace will have a 60-second ad running prior to the game. Tide Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Patriots' tight end Rob Gronkowski may not be able to play in the game due to injury, but he stars alongside actor Jeffrey Tambor in this humorous spot for Proctor & Gamble's detergent brand. T-Mobile USA Inc Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Rob Gronkowski makes his second Super Bowl commercial appearance, alongside Justin Bieber and former NFL star Terrell Owens as they search for the perfect touchdown dance. Toyota Motor Corp Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now The Japanese auto-maker enlisted Minnie Driver to voice its spot touting their Lexus brand's two new vehicles, Lexus LC 500 and LC 500h. The musical spot also features recording artist Sia's "Move Your Body," and movement artist Lil Buck. TurboTax Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now For its fourth Super Bowl, TurboTax is referencing a very popular children's character: Humpty Dumpty. The 45-second spot sees anthropomorphic egg being attended to after his famous fall, which is humorously blamed using TurboTax. Wendy's Co Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Making its Super Bowl debut, the fast-food chain is trying to combat customer sentiment that its beef patties are not made fresh. Wix.com Ltd Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in  The Wix Super Bowl commercial starring Jason Statham Share this video Watch Next The Israeli-based web development platform has recruited film action stars Jason Statham and Gal Gadot in this action-packed commercial, their third Super Bowl spot, about creating businesses in a disruptive world. poll loading Who will win the Super Bowl? 0+ VOTES SO FAR Atlanta New England Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @irishmirror Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Super Bowl NFL Atlanta Falcons New England Patriots American football Honda Toyota John Malkovich Justin Bieber Showbiz all Most Read Most Recent ShowbizKylie Minogue 'calls off engagement to actor fiancé Joshua Sasse over cheating suspicions' The pop star is said to be heartbroken after throwing the British actor out of her house ShowbizLittle Mix's Jesy Nelson showcases gorgeous natural look as she ditches hair extensions The singer posted a stunning selfie to show off her new look Vogue WilliamsVogue Williams has been forced to pull out of The Jump with a knee injury It is reported that Vogue has had to pull out due to an injury Game of ThronesGame of Thrones star Jason Momoa is in Ireland and he's drinking Guinness The actor who no longer features in the show is in the capital enjoying himself First Dates IrelandRoz Purcell and sister Rachel watch pal on First Dates Ireland - and don't agree on how it's going The two siblings have some opposing views on Thursday's episode Pete BennettBig Brother legend Pete Bennett working as a CLEANER after losing his £100,000 prize money The reality star has turned his life around after he appeared on Jeremy Kyle back in 2015 and admitted he was homeless Ronan KeatingRonan Keating pays tribute to his mum Marie on her anniversary: 'We are the people we are because of your love' Marie Keating sadly passed away in 1998, aged just 51 when Ronan was just 20, after a short battle with breast cancer The ExJemma Lucy SLAMS Jodie Marsh's appearance and brands her a "slag" in Twitter war The Ex On The Beach star branded Jodie "rank" in a foul-mouthed rant Arnold SchwarzeneggerArnold Schwarzenegger tells Donald Trump he could 'take over' presidency after Apprentice ratings dig Unfortunately, Arnie isn't able to run for US president Kylie MinogueKylie Minogue 'calls off engagement to actor fiancé Joshua Sasse over cheating suspicions' The pop star is said to be heartbroken after throwing the British actor out of her house Most Read Most Recent What's OnReason why EastEnders isn't airing on Friday revealed - so fans have to wait a little longer for outcome of revenge porn plot Fans have been glued to their screens all week - but have to wait until Monday for the next episode because of Spy In The Wild An Garda SiochanaGardai set to recruit 140 civilian staff this summer It was announced at a graduation ceremony in Templemore earlier today World NewsSon of former world champion kickboxer dies after 'being shot nine times' outside chip shop in Liverpool Police have launched a murder investigation after Aaron Lewis, 26, was gunned down in a "cold blooded, targeted attack" last night An Garda SiochanaResidents of quiet well-off housing estate in south Dublin reeling after woman assaulted It is the second serious assault in the area this year and residents are shocked Other SportRecord-breaking Irishman rows Atlantic after beating alcohol and heroin addiction An Irish former heroin addict and alcoholic who tried to kill himself became a superfit endurance athlete and rowing across the Atlantic - sponsored by a whiskey company. Harry RedknappHarry Redknapp opens up about THAT infamous Frank Lampard moment - 'I knew he'd reach the very top' The ex-West Ham boss says he felt compelled to stick up for Lampard and was pleased he proved him right Cesc FabregasChelsea midfielder Cesc Fabregas refuses to rule out Chinese Super League switch as he eyes American future The Spaniard has already planned for his future post-Chelsea, while he is also preparing to take his coaching badges Pete BennettBig Brother legend Pete Bennett working as a CLEANER after losing his £100,000 prize money The reality star has turned his life around after he appeared on Jeremy Kyle back in 2015 and admitted he was homeless Transfer NewsLiverpool transfer news and rumours: Juventus eyeing summer swoop for Emre Can? PLUS: Jurgen Klopp has given Mamadou Sakho an Anfield lifeline and the German admits he could see red again after fourth official rant DrugsIrish laboratories can't keep up with rising number of deaths from synthetic drugs, expert warns Assistant state pathologist Dr Margaret Bolster said deaths by synthetic drugs are becoming increasingly common Top Stories WexfordIs this Ireland's Hugh Hefner? 79-year-old lothario claims he's slept with more than 2,000 women Chris Culleton says he met most of the women while he was working at a music promoter - but turned down a job with the Rolling Stone for love DrugsIrish laboratories can't keep up with rising number of deaths from synthetic drugs, expert warns Assistant state pathologist Dr Margaret Bolster said deaths by synthetic drugs are becoming increasingly common Road DeathsTragic dad killed in horrific Irish car crash was due to become a father again this year Father-of-two Valdis Gabranovs was killed just yards from his home in Rush Co Dublin on Wednesday night LimerickLimerick priest tied up in aggravated burglary after returning home from mass Canon Tony O'Keeffe was targeted in his house after coming home from saying mass NewsGorillas massacred and driven to extinction - all for the sake of our mobile phones The animals are being poached for bushmeat by militia groups and miners digging for an ore called coltan used in mobile phones Conor McGregorConor McGregor will be an 'amazing dad' and pregnant Dee Devlin is already buying baby clothes, his sister Erin reveals Conor McGregor and his partner Dee Devlin are due to welcome their first child this May PoliticsStephen Donnelly will be Fianna Fail’s frontbench spokesman on Brexit Party leader Micheal Martin said Mr Donnelly’s appointment was part of an ongoing journey of recovery and growth for Fianna Fail An Garda SiochanaGardai set to recruit 140 civilian staff this summer It was announced at a graduation ceremony in Templemore earlier today Ed SheeranTickets for Ed Sheeran's sold out Irish gigs selling online for over €800 Fans of the popular singer snapped up the extremely limited supply within minutes on Thursday morning PoliticsFinance Minister Michael Noonan hits out at European Commission’s €13billion Apple tax ruling He told the Public Accounts Committee today the decision to appeal against the move was taken “in the best interests of the country” UFCFloyd Mayweather's father hits out at Conor McGregor in bizarre fashion There has been ongoing speculation that a fight between McGregor and Mayweather Junior is drawing closer Other SportRecord-breaking Irishman rows Atlantic after beating alcohol and heroin addiction An Irish former heroin addict and alcoholic who tried to kill himself became a superfit endurance athlete and rowing across the Atlantic - sponsored by a whiskey company. Kylie Minogue 'calls off engagement to actor fiancé Joshua Sasse over cheating suspicions' Little Mix's Jesy Nelson showcases gorgeous natural look as she ditches hair extensions Vogue Williams has been forced to pull out of The Jump with a knee injury Game of Thrones star Jason Momoa is in Ireland and he's drinking Guinness Roz Purcell and sister Rachel watch pal on First Dates Ireland - and don't agree on how it's going Katherine Ryan shares shocking snaps of BOTCHED Brazilian bum lift as she's forced to cancel shows Conor McGregor will be an 'amazing dad' and pregnant Dee Devlin is already buying baby clothes, his sister Erin reveals Britney Spears has X-rated wardrobe malfunction as her BOOB falls out during live performance Nadia Forde feeling 'broody' as she confesses she wants to start a family The Jump love triangle emerges as Spencer Matthews hooks up with Vogue Williams AND Jade Jones Jeremy McConnell told to 'man up' by fans who say Stephanie Davis' baby is 'spitting image' of his dad What's inside the $30,000 gift bags being handed to stars at the GRAMMY Awards 2017? Prince Harry and Meghan Markle enjoy dinner date as TV star's friends say she has 'virtually moved in' with royal Tickets for Ed Sheeran's Dublin gigs sell out in MINUTES Pregnant Beyonce shares incredible honeymoon snap with Jay Z after revealing they're expecting twins Pregnant Beyonce goes NAKED to celebrate her twin baby announcement Danielle Lloyd breaks silence over ex-husband Jamie O'Hara's romance with Bianca Gascoigne Why isn't Jay Z in any of Beyoncé’s pregnancy pictures? Noah Buble's aunt gives joyful update on toddler's cancer case: "We are very happy" Beyonce is pregnant with TWINS as she and Jay Z confirm happy news with baby bump selfie News Sport Lifestyle Follow us facebook twitter About Us Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions How to Complain Mirror.co.uk BelfastLive.co.uk © 2016 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Formula 1 Boxing Cricket Horse Racing Row Zed Rugby Union Other Sports Athletics Cycling Darts MMA Tennis WrestlingExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Got a Story? Sign in My Account Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Psychic Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited Home Sport Other Sports Super Bowl Sport Watch all the Super Bowl 2017 commercials as Miranda Kerr, Tom Brady and Jason Statham lead star-studded ads The Super Bowl is the most watched TV programme in the US and advertisers pay as much as $5million for a 30-second spot  Share  Comments ByNatalie Evans 07:39, 3 FEB 2017 Sport Super Bowl 2017 Ads (Photo: YouTube)  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email The New England Patriots face-off against the Atlanta Falcons this Sunday in the NFL's showpiece sporting event of the year. The Super Bowl is one of, if not, THE most-watched television programme in the United States - making it a prime spot for advertisers. The audience for last year's championship game totalled nearly 112 million viewers, and Super Bowl 51 is expected to be even bigger. As a result, advertisers are paying 21st Century Fox Inc as much as $5million for a 30-second spot during the event at Houston's NRG Stadium. Read More How to watch Super Bowl in the UK? Start time, Lady Gaga's performance and more for NFL clash Here's an A to Z of some of the commercials you can expect to see... 84 Lumber Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch NextJournalist claims Noah Buble’s “cancer has gone” Watch this video again Watch Next Kim is at it again as Denise tries to study0:57 Celebrity Big Brother: Telling Tales with James C2:30 Celebrity Big Brother: Coleen calls Kim's suggest0:26 Celebrity Big Brother: Nicola rants about Kim in 0:30 Video will play in  84 Lumber release immigration-themed advert for the Super Bowl Share this video Watch Next The Pennsylvania-based building materials supply company released a 90-second version of their ad, which made waves after Fox rejected their initial idea that reportedly featured immigrants being blocks by a wall. The spot ends with a cliffhanger, directing viewers to watch online after the game, which will include the parts that Fox had rejected. Read More When is Super Bowl 2017? TV channel information and more ahead of the big NFL clash Audi AG Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Audi is one of the few brands taking a stance on an issue during the Super Bowl, with an ad promoting gender equality. Avocados From Mexico Avocados From Mexico returns for its third straight Super Bowl, this time with Jon Lovitz starring in an eerie, Twilight Zone-inspired spot. The commercial is set to run during the game's first commercial break. Bud Light Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Bud Light is bringing back Spuds MacKenzie, its former mascot that became an 1980s pop culture icon, to commemorate the dog's first appearance 30 years ago during Super Bowl XXI. Budweiser Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch NextNintendo Switch has paid up to $5 million for a S Watch this video again Watch Next Lady Gaga gets fans PUMPED UP for Super Bowl perf1:58 Budweiser Dream Goal | One unforgettable surprise1:10 Sean Spicer's Aussie gaffe!0:35 Mirror man Tom Parry and gorilla expert Ian Redmo1:55 Trump claims he's going to 'fix the world'0:37 Baby starved to death after parents died of overd1:02 Malcolm Turnbull addresses THAT phone call with T1:50 Italian police release footage of dramatic jewell1:22 Trump puts Iran on notice over ballistic missile 1:11 Trump's attorney general told Sally Yates to stan1:27 On the launch pad with Russia Soyuz rocket as it 1:25 Video will play in  Watch the controversial Budweiser advert readied for the Super Bowl Share this video Watch Next In what is sure to be among the most talked-about spots, Budweiser is paying tribute to its parent company's co-founder, Adolphus Busch, a German-born immigrant. It is one of four spots for Anheuser-Busch InBev NV. Buick Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch NextWatch the controversial Budweiser commercial read Watch this video again Watch Next Lady Gaga gets fans PUMPED UP for Super Bowl perf1:58 Let Miranda Kerr take you on a guided tour around0:34 Top 20 Victoria's Secret models2:18 Journalist claims Noah Buble’s “cancer has gone” 3:03 Kim is at it again as Denise tries to study0:57 Celebrity Big Brother: Telling Tales with James C2:30 Celebrity Big Brother: Coleen calls Kim's suggest0:26 Celebrity Big Brother: Nicola rants about Kim in 0:30 Video will play in  Miranda Kerr stars in Buick's Super Bowl advert Share this video Watch Next Carolina Panthers quarterback Cam Newton won't feature on the field on Sunday, but he still makes an appearance, taking out a field of five-year-old's in this Buick ad starring alongside Australian supermodel Miranda Kerr. Busch Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Busch is making its Super Bowl debut with a humorous look at the way Anheuser-Busch's value brand's name sounds. Febreze Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Airing in the second quarter, Febreze will make its Super Bowl debut by promoting its OdorClear technology in a way that most football fans can relate: Bathroom breaks. GoDaddy.com Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now After sitting out last year, GoDaddy returns to the Super Bowl with a decidedly less-racy spot than what viewers usually expect from the web services company, featuring one of the internet's most popular animals. Honda Motor Co Ltd Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Honda will promote its 2017 CR-V featuring high school yearbook photos of famous celebrities including Tina Fey, Robert Redford and NBA hall of famer Earvin "Magic" Johnson. Hyundai Motor Company Technically, the South Korean auto-maker will not have a spot during the Super Bowl, instead opting for a 90-second commercial that will run directly following the final whistle. Filmmaker Peter Berg will produce a 90-second documentary of the Super Bowl. Intel Corp Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in  Tom Brady stars in Intel's new TV advertisement Share this video Watch Next The technology company will use New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady to showcase its 360-degree video technology, which will also be used by Fox during the game to show replays. Kia Motors Corp Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Melissa McCarthy will star in the auto-maker's spot, which is set to run during the game's third quarter. Kia released a 15-second teaser for its commercial, which will tout the 2017 Kia Niro, featuring McCarthy running from something in the distance. Mercedes-Benz Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Joel and Ethan Coen, known for directing films "Fargo" and "No Country for Old Men" make their Super Bowl debut with this spot touting the automaker's AMG GT Roadster. Peter Fonda stars. Mr. Clean Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Procter & Gamble Co's cleaning brand is making its Super Bowl debut this year, with a 30-second spot that humorously shows just much how ladies love a guy who cleans. Nintendo Co Ltd Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch NextNintendo Switch has paid up to $5 million for a S Watch this video again Watch Next Watch the controversial Budweiser commercial read1:00 Incredible preview of Mario Odyssey shown at Nint3:14 Watch the trailer for The Legend of Zelda: Twilig2:25 Online games company builds a refugee version of 1:38 Watch this room transform into an amazing Mario K1:53 If you love Nintendo you will LOVE this Super Mar2:14 Video will play in  Nintendo drop new advert for Switch during the Super Bowl Share this video Watch Next The Japanese gaming company is using its first ever Super Bowl commercial to promote its newest gaming device, the Nintendo Switch. Paramount Pictures Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now The Viacom Inc-owned studio confirmed it will run trailers for some of its upcoming films, including "Ghost in the Shell" and "Transformers: The Last Knight." Paramount released the one for "Ghost in the Shell." Pepsico Inc Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now PepsiCo is using its long Super Bowl spot to promote its new purified water brand, Lifewtr, with an inspirational spot featuring music by John Legend. Persil Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now The laundry detergent brand is teasing the appearance of a certain "Science Guy" that most U.S. viewers would be familiar with, in its second straight year advertising during the Super Bowl. Skittles Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch NextWatch the controversial Budweiser commercial read Watch this video again Watch Next Lady Gaga gets fans PUMPED UP for Super Bowl perf1:58 Journalist claims Noah Buble’s “cancer has gone” 3:03 Kim is at it again as Denise tries to study0:57 Celebrity Big Brother: Telling Tales with James C2:30 Celebrity Big Brother: Coleen calls Kim's suggest0:26 Celebrity Big Brother: Nicola rants about Kim in 0:30 Video will play in  Watch the HILARIOUS Skittles Super Bowl advert Share this video Watch Next The Mars Inc brand will use a popular teen-romance trope for its latest Super Bowl commercial: the lovestruck guy trying to get his crush's attention by throwing rocks (except this time it is Skittles) at her upstairs window in the middle of the night. Snickers Snickers will be the first brand to stage a live commercial during the Super Bowl, which will come during the first break of the third quarter. The Mars Inc company has enlisted "Star Wars" actor Adam Driver for the spot and released a quartet of teasers for the ad. Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Sprint Corp Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now This humorous spot from the telecommunications provider continues its war with Verizon, once again using former Verizon spokesperson Paul Marcarelli, to shows just how far consumers will go to get out of their Verizon bills. Squarespace Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now For its fourth Super Bowl ad, the publishing tools company has enlisted John Malkovich, who has appeared in prior ads. The spot is humorous take on the actor, and burgeoning fashion designer, attempting to register the domain name, JohnMalkovich.com, only to find someone else already owns it. (The real JohnMalkovich.com, owned by the actor, is hosted by Squarespace.) In addition to the in-game spot, Squarespace will have a 60-second ad running prior to the game. Tide Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Patriots' tight end Rob Gronkowski may not be able to play in the game due to injury, but he stars alongside actor Jeffrey Tambor in this humorous spot for Proctor & Gamble's detergent brand. T-Mobile USA Inc Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Rob Gronkowski makes his second Super Bowl commercial appearance, alongside Justin Bieber and former NFL star Terrell Owens as they search for the perfect touchdown dance. Toyota Motor Corp Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now The Japanese auto-maker enlisted Minnie Driver to voice its spot touting their Lexus brand's two new vehicles, Lexus LC 500 and LC 500h. The musical spot also features recording artist Sia's "Move Your Body," and movement artist Lil Buck. TurboTax Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now For its fourth Super Bowl, TurboTax is referencing a very popular children's character: Humpty Dumpty. The 45-second spot sees anthropomorphic egg being attended to after his famous fall, which is humorously blamed using TurboTax. Wendy's Co Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Making its Super Bowl debut, the fast-food chain is trying to combat customer sentiment that its beef patties are not made fresh. Wix.com Ltd Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in  The Wix Super Bowl commercial starring Jason Statham Share this video Watch Next The Israeli-based web development platform has recruited film action stars Jason Statham and Gal Gadot in this action-packed commercial, their third Super Bowl spot, about creating businesses in a disruptive world. poll loading Who will win the Super Bowl? 0+ VOTES SO FAR Atlanta New England Read More Super Bowl 2017 How to watch Super Bowl in UK When is Super Bowl? TV Channel info Watch Super Bowl 2017 commercials Super Bowl 2017 latest news Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @DailyMirror Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Super Bowl NFL Atlanta Falcons New England Patriots American football Sport all Most Read Most Recent Real Madrid transfer newsReal Madrid ready to swoop for Manchester City's out-of-favour striker Sergio Aguero Aguero was benched for City's win over West Ham on Wednesday night, with youngster Gabriel Jesus starting in his place Premier League title raceFootball Manager reveal final 2016/17 Premier League table - and it's bad news for Liverpool and Manchester United Chelsea are set to be pushed until the very wire and have their lead at the top of the table cut to just two points Premier LeagueWho are the five fastest players at each Premier League club? We crunch the numbers Here, we take a look at the five fastest players at each of the 20 top flight clubs... Next West Ham managerEx-Manchester City boss Roberto Mancini ready to replace under-pressure Slaven Bilic at West Ham The Hammers are to review their manager's position in the summer and Italian seen at their midweek match is believed to be keen on a return to England Liverpool FCJurgen Klopp is already thinking about summer signings, says former Liverpool favourite Jan Molby The Reds players are put through their paces ahead of Saturday's trip to the KC Stadium to face Marco Silva's Hull Arsenal FCArsenal press conference live updates as Arsene Wenger speaks to the media ahead of Chelsea clash It has been a bad week for the Gunners boss and his team and it only gets worse with the runaway league leaders away from home on Saturday Manchester City FCMan City superstar Sergio Aguero to resist Real Madrid interest despite being left out by Pep Guardiola The Argentinian could be of interest to the European champions with Gabriel Jesus impressing on his full debut vs West Ham Six NationsA team-by-team guide to the Six Nations MirrorSport picks out the key player, fixture and more for each of the Six Nations Six NationsSix players to watch during the 2017 Six Nations From precocious England talent Maro Itoje to Italy talisman Sergio Parisse, the RBS 6 Nations will again showcase the full spectrum of European talent Manchester United transfer newsManchester United transfer news and rumours: Red Devils to resurrect deal for Victor Lindelof this summer? PLUS: Youngster Axel Tuanzaebe has signed a new deal at Old Trafford and Zlatan Ibrahimovic's future has been thrown into doubt Most Read Most Recent Car parks'Do it yourself' ticketing phone app pays £10 bounty to users who snap a car parked against landowner's wishes The firm which boasts of operating car parks for McDonalds, Halfords, Tesco and the NHS is handing out a £10 commission to increase parking “fines” dished out GorillasGorillas massacred and driven to extinction - all for the sake of our mobile phones The animals are being poached for bushmeat by militia groups and miners digging for an ore called coltan used in mobile phones RelationshipsIs this Britain's Hugh Hefner? 79-year-old lothario claims he's slept with more than 2,000 women Chris Culleton says he met most of the women while he was working at a music promoter - but turned down a job with the Rolling Stone for love Kylie MinogueKylie Minogue 'calls off engagement to actor fiancé Joshua Sasse over cheating suspicions' The pop star is said to be heartbroken after throwing the British actor out of her house Passport OfficeMan renews passport and is shocked to get it back with STRANGER'S photo on it Ben Spence paid £82 to update the document ahead of a weekend birthday trip to Amsterdam with pals at the end of this month Johnny GaleckiThe Big Bang Theory’s Johnny Galecki unwittingly releases Samara in terrifying new Rings clip Mirror TV has been given an exclusive peek at the actor's role in the horror movie Africa Cup of NationsPremier League: The best players for your Fantasy Football team this weekend Take advantage of the free transfers this weekend as the top strikers will be kicking-off at different times Arsenal FCArsenal press conference live updates as Arsene Wenger speaks to the media ahead of Chelsea clash It has been a bad week for the Gunners boss and his team and it only gets worse with the runaway league leaders away from home on Saturday Pete BennettBig Brother legend Pete Bennett working as a CLEANER after losing his £100,000 prize money The reality star has turned his life around after he appeared on Jeremy Kyle back in 2015 and admitted he was homeless Liverpool transfer newsLiverpool transfer news and rumours: Juventus eyeing summer swoop for Emre Can? PLUS: Jurgen Klopp has given Mamadou Sakho an Anfield lifeline and the German admits he could see red again after fourth official rant Top Stories Kylie MinogueKylie Minogue 'calls off engagement to actor fiancé Joshua Sasse over cheating suspicions' The pop star is said to be heartbroken after throwing the British actor out of her house Met OfficeBritain set to be lashed by 70mph winds as storm brings gales and heavy rain over the weekend The storm has not yet been named 'Doris', contrary to reports, but could still bring down trees and cause travel disruption Motor neurone diseaseMotor neurone disease campaigner dies aged 31 after brave battle against illness and fight to find cure We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story Passport OfficeMan renews passport and is shocked to get it back with STRANGER'S photo on it Ben Spence paid £82 to update the document ahead of a weekend birthday trip to Amsterdam with pals at the end of this month Dangerous dogsMum describes horrific attack that saw 'devil dog tear at tot's face' Heavily pregnant Chloe Milne watched in horror as a Staffordshire bull terrier-type dog launched itself at daughter Nevaeh in a car park Court caseDad 'shook baby boy so badly he suffered brain damage and will need nursing care for life' Zsolt Lakatos admits he shook the infant on two separate occasions but denies that he had intended to cause him serious harm Prince HarryPrince Harry and Meghan Markle enjoy date as friends say she's 'virtually moved in' Friends of Meghan say the royal and Suits star have been "inseparable" Court caseMum of toddler shot in head reveals heartbreak as docs told her to 'say goodbye' to boy In first chat about horrific incident Amy Allen said heart 'broke into a thousand million little pieces' when doctors told her it was certain her son wouldn't survive Super Bowl LI'You're not from round here are you?' Budweiser Super Bowl immigration-themed advert sparks controversy in wake of Donald Trump Muslim ban The ad tells the story of Adolphus Busch, one of the founders of Budweiser, who emigrated from Germany to the US in 1857 Inquests"I've done it, thanks": Woman's final text to boyfriend before she's found hanged Keep-fit centre manager Lyndsey Higgins, 30, was found dead by ex-fireman Martin Westwell after she told him she would harm herself if they split Missing personsPolice hunting for body of missing British mum launch major new search near expat home Lisa Brown, 32, disappeared on November 4, 2015 after a "violent episode" at the Spanish home she shared with her Brit boyfriend, who is suspected of her murder Court caseMum hauled before court for calling man a "pussy" feared being jailed and losing her kids Aga Czachowska, 31, claims she was held in a cell, had her DNA taken and feared she would be deported for leaving a sweary message on a businessman's answerphone Real Madrid ready to swoop for Manchester City's out-of-favour striker Sergio Aguero Football Manager reveal final 2016/17 Premier League table - and it's bad news for Liverpool and Manchester United Who are the five fastest players at each Premier League club? We crunch the numbers Ex-Manchester City boss Roberto Mancini ready to replace under-pressure Slaven Bilic at West Ham Jurgen Klopp is already thinking about summer signings, says former Liverpool favourite Jan Molby Michael Carrick to take HUGE pay cut at Manchester United? Transfer news and gossip from Friday's papers Arsenal fans' abuse nudging hurt Arsene Wenger towards the exit THIS summer Newcastle boss Rafael Benitez questioning his future after they make ZERO winter window signings Arsenal transfer news and rumours: Gunners make contact with Atalanta star Franck Kessie? Transfer deadline day LIVE: Fallout and reaction after the January window slams shut Frankie goes to Hollywood: Lampard considering sensational switch into ACTING following retirement Frank Lampard or Steven Gerrard? Our reporters answer the question that plagued both England legends' careers As Arsenal head to Chelsea, Nwankwo Kanu relives THAT goal — just like he's done almost daily since Sergio Ramos agrees bizarre swap with fan - gives Real Madrid shirt in exchange for PORK LOINS IN LARD Cristiano Ronaldo HUMILIATES young Real Madrid keeper with a cheeky step-over before tapping the ball past him 7 things that will definitely happen if Joe Hart signs for Liverpool Arsene Wenger may be forced to sit with Chelsea fans when Arsenal travel to Stamford Bridge on Saturday Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp admits he could see Red again like he did after THAT Chelsea penalty Demanding Pep Guardiola making life tougher for Manchester City, admits Yaya Toure Liverpool transfer news and rumours: Secret talks held with Manchester City over Joe Hart deal? News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Friday, February 03, 2017 5:20 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 32°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Advertisers eye winning Super Bowl strategy Friday February 3, 2017 02:45 PM GMT+8 ICYMI Radiation level in Fukushima plant at record high The Edit: Ivanka Trump’s daughter charms China with CNY song ProjekMMO: Kenapa sihir guna jin Islam lebih mahal? Hasselbaink: Conte has earned utmost respect from his players Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Quarterback Cam Newton #1 of the Carolina Panthers (left) and model Miranda Kerr pose for a photo at 'Buick Super Bowl ad featuring the cascada and encore with football star Cam Newton and supermodel Miranda Kerr on January 13, 2017 in Los Angeles, California. ― Emma McIntyre/Getty Images for Buick/AFPWASHINGTON, Feb 3 — There’s the new Wonder Woman actress in action and a sexed-up Mr Clean. And some political messages too — but only if you pay close attention. Sunday’s Super Bowl is not just the biggest US sporting event, it’s also the most important event of the year for advertisers. For some, the clash of top marketers overshadows the premier American football game. The Super Bowl is expected to draw more than 110 million US viewers, and a 30-second spot on the Fox network will cost an estimated US$5 million (RM22.12 million). This offers both challenges and risks for brands, according to Tim Calkins, professor at Northwestern University’s Kellogg School of Management, who leads a Super Bowl ad review with his students. Calkins said the event — a matchup in Houston between the New England Patriots and Atlanta Falcons — draws in many people who are not football fans, giving the ads greater prominence. “A lot of people aren’t interested in the game, and many of them focus on the ads more than the game itself,” he said. “This is a rare opportunity to reach a huge amount of the US population at one time. There’s nothing anywhere that comes close to this for marketers.” Brands are pulling out all the stops to stand out. Hyundai, the South Korean automaker, hired film director Peter Berg, known for Patriots Day and Deepwater Horizon, to create a 90-second “documentary” filmed and produced entirely during the game. “We wanted to push the creativity and storytelling even further,” said Hyundai marketing chief Dean Evans. Another “live” ad will be created for Snickers with actor Adam Driver, which will follow a 36-hour livestream by the Mars brand on its own site and on Facebook. An immigrant’s tale Some advertisers also appear to be making an end run around the ban on overtly political ads. One of them is Budweiser, whose ad tells a 60-second story about its founder, Adolphus Busch, and his journey as a German immigrant — a theme set to make waves as debate rages over US immigration policy. “This commercial shows the start of Budweiser’s journey, and while it is set in the 1800s, it’s a story we believe will resonate with today’s entrepreneurial generation — those who continue strive for their dreams,” said Ricardo Marques, vice president of the Anheuser-Busch beer brand. The brewer “told us they wanted to celebrate those who embody the American spirit,” said Mike Byrne of the agency Anomaly, which created the ad called “Born the Hard Way.” Ads seen as too political or provocative can be rejected, and home improvement retailer 84 Lumber was forced to revise its original concept, which had depicted a border wall. The ad, which aims to recruit new employees, originally included a wall blocking people looking for work — an image deemed too sensitive in light of President Donald Trump’s plan for a wall on the border with Mexico. Audi’s “Daughter” ad also offers political overtones with a story of a girl competing in a cart race and a message of equal pay for women. Mr Clean gets dirty At the provocative end of the ad spectrum, Procter & Gamble turns Mr Clean into a household sex symbol in the spot dubbed “Cleaner of Your Dreams.” “Mr Clean is showing off his strong and sexy side, and hopefully even inspiring men across America to pick up a mop and bucket themselves,”  said P&G vice president Martin Hettich. “Wonder Woman” actress Gal Gadot joins her Furious 7 partner Jason Stratham in an action-packed spot for website builder Wix.com created by French director Louis Leterrier, known for his Transporter and Incredible Hulk films. Some memorable spots from previous Super Bowls include Apple’s dystopian 1984 Ridley Scott ad launching the Macintosh, a 2011 ad celebrating Chrysler’s return from bankruptcy and Budweiser’s 2014 “puppy love” commercial showing a Clydesdale horse befriended by the canine. Some ads have done more harm than good: a notorious 2015 Nationwide Insurance ad featuring a young child who explains how he will miss out on life’s experiences because he is dead missed its target by a long shot. This year, newcomers such as Australian winemaker Yellow Tail (helped by a kangaroo) will join well-known brands such as Intel, TurboTax and Avocados from Mexico and several automakers and consumer brands. Larry Chiagouris, a professor of marketing at Pace University, said the Super Bowl offers a unique opportunity to promote or reposition a brand. He noted brand boosts from Super Bowl ads such as E-Trade, which launched its talking baby ad in 2008, and web hosting firm Go Daddy, with its scantily clad woman testifying before Congress. “The key has always been to have something that is not expected, not typical of the category,” Chiagouris said. The ads are worth it, “if you put the creative effort into it,” he said. “If it’s not creative, if it’s been seen before, it’s a waste of money.” ― AFP                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Uphill task for Geely if Proton deal goes through, research house says Chatime owner accuses Malaysian franchisee of using unapproved ingredients KL shares higher at mid-day If Trump hits China, regional demand would ease blow in Asia Moody’s eyes downgrade for Sime Darby after planned units spin-off Jakim’s new certification enables Halal Pharmaceuticals to expand locally, globally US airlines tumble amid fear Trump travel ban will spread An iPhone made in America? Not that simple, experts say Without immigrants, these world-renowned US companies wouldn’t exist (VIDEO) Oil groups slash costs, but investors spared Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: Uber CEO quits Trump’s business advisory group ‘Smurfs: The Lost Village’ gets a new trailer See this new clip for ‘John Wick: Chapter 2’ Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: Fancy a gourmet meal underwater? Related Articles Private jets descend on Houston for Super Bowl (VIDEO) Will be true to my beliefs during Super Bowl show, says Gaga (VIDEO) Heroic Rodgers adding to his legend Lady Gaga to headline Super Bowl 2017’s halftime show Watch the best food and beverage Super Bowl ads 2016 (VIDEO) Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Advertisers eye winning Super Bowl strategy Rob Lever AFPFebruary 3, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share The Super Bowl is expected to draw more than 110 million US viewers, and a 30-second advertising spot on the Fox network will cost an estimated $5 million (AFP Photo/Tim Warner)More Washington (AFP) - There's the new "Wonder Woman" actress in action and a sexed-up Mr. Clean. And some political messages too -- but only if you pay close attention. Sunday's Super Bowl is not just the biggest US sporting event, it's also the most important event of the year for advertisers. For some, the clash of top marketers overshadows the premier American football game. The Super Bowl is expected to draw more than 110 million US viewers, and a 30-second spot on the Fox network will cost an estimated $5 million. This offers both challenges and risks for brands, according to Tim Calkins, professor at Northwestern University's Kellogg School of Management, who leads a Super Bowl ad review with his students. Calkins said the event -- a matchup in Houston between the New England Patriots and Atlanta Falcons -- draws in many people who are not football fans, giving the ads greater prominence. "A lot of people aren't interested in the game, and many of them focus on the ads more than the game itself," he said. "This is a rare opportunity to reach a huge amount of the US population at one time. There's nothing anywhere that comes close to this for marketers." Brands are pulling out all the stops to stand out. Hyundai, the South Korean automaker, hired film director Peter Berg, known for "Patriots Day" and "Deepwater Horizon," to create a 90-second "documentary" filmed and produced entirely during the game. "We wanted to push the creativity and storytelling even further," said Hyundai marketing chief Dean Evans. Another "live" ad will be created for Snickers with actor Adam Driver, which will follow a 36-hour livestream by the Mars brand on its own site and on Facebook. - An immigrant's tale - Some advertisers also appear to be making an end run around the ban on overtly political ads. One of them is Budweiser, whose ad tells a 60-second story about its founder, Adolphus Busch, and his journey as a German immigrant -- a theme set to make waves as debate rages over US immigration policy. "This commercial shows the start of Budweiser's journey, and while it is set in the 1800s, it's a story we believe will resonate with today's entrepreneurial generation -- those who continue strive for their dreams," said Ricardo Marques, vice president of the Anheuser-Busch beer brand. The brewer "told us they wanted to celebrate those who embody the American spirit,” said Mike Byrne of the agency Anomaly, which created the ad called "Born the Hard Way." Ads seen as too political or provocative can be rejected, and home improvement retailer 84 Lumber was forced to revise its original concept, which had depicted a border wall. The ad, which aims to recruit new employees, originally included a wall blocking people looking for work -- an image deemed too sensitive in light of President Donald Trump's plan for a wall on the border with Mexico. Audi's "Daughter" ad also offers political overtones with a story of a girl competing in a cart race and a message of equal pay for women. - Mr. Clean gets dirty - At the provocative end of the ad spectrum, Procter & Gamble turns Mr. Clean into a household sex symbol in the spot dubbed "Cleaner of Your Dreams." "Mr. Clean is showing off his strong and sexy side, and hopefully even inspiring men across America to pick up a mop and bucket themselves," said P&G vice president Martin Hettich. "Wonder Woman" actress Gal Gadot joins her "Furious 7" partner Jason Stratham in an action-packed spot for website builder Wix.com created by French director Louis Leterrier, known for his "Transporter" and "Incredible Hulk" films. Some memorable spots from previous Super Bowls include Apple's dystopian 1984 Ridley Scott ad launching the Macintosh, a 2011 ad celebrating Chrysler's return from bankruptcy and Budweiser's 2014 "puppy love" commercial showing a Clydesdale horse befriended by the canine. Some ads have done more harm than good: a notorious 2015 Nationwide Insurance ad featuring a young child who explains how he will miss out on life's experiences because he is dead missed its target by a long shot. This year, newcomers such as Australian winemaker Yellow Tail (helped by a kangaroo) will join well-known brands such as Intel, TurboTax and Avocados from Mexico and several automakers and consumer brands. Larry Chiagouris, a professor of marketing at Pace University, said the Super Bowl offers a unique opportunity to promote or reposition a brand. He noted brand boosts from Super Bowl ads such as E-Trade, which launched its talking baby ad in 2008, and web hosting firm Go Daddy, with its scantily clad woman testifying before Congress. "The key has always been to have something that is not expected, not typical of the category," Chiagouris said. The ads are worth it, "if you put the creative effort into it," he said. "If it's not creative, if it's been seen before, it's a waste of money." Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next In Donald Trump’s White House, Female Staffers Must ‘Dress Like Women’ 2817 messages6%67%27% Get a $100 AT&T Visa® Reward Card DIRECTVSponsored Lady Gaga Remains Mysterious on Super Bowl Halftime Show Details 6 messages0%60%40% Trump Supporter Fired Over Twitter Exchange With Patton Oswalt 3999 messages5%60%35% #2 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: 9/11: Then and now - 15 years later 1135 messages5%58%37% The New Face of Marijuana Investing MONEY MORNINGSponsored Former Giants Kicker Josh Brown Speaks Out After Domestic Abuse Allegations Quadruple Homicide of Washington Family Is ‘Not a Random Act,’ Police Say 152 messages3%68%29% New Israeli Settlements 'May Not Be Helpful' in Achieving Peace With Palestinians, White House Says 227 messages4%72%24% Wall Street "Poster Boy" Makes A Big Prediction Banyan HillSponsored How This Woman Got Her Bubble Butt 82 messages7%68%25% #8 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: Deadly attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport 1007 messages9%20%71% Free Speech Questions After Canceled Milo Yiannopoulos UC Berkeley Event 4 messages0%78%22% Frederick's of Hollywood Frederick's of HollywoodSponsored This Man Slays Walking in Heels Like No Other 89 messages1%72%27% Beyoncé's full pregnancy photoshoot has landed and it's insane 917 messages6%60%34% House Democrats demand Trump boot Bannon from NSC r: Want to know what happens next? Dems will oppose the next thing President Trump does, Shumer and Cummings will put in their input. There will be protesters, not knowing what exactly they are protesting, someone will be called racist or sexist, the comment boards will have someone talking about the popular vote, then someone will say we will treat Trump the same way Obama was treated, the left owned biased media will try to discredit anything Trump does and Democrats will take it as gospel! Join the Conversation 1 / 5 7.9k Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Advertisers eye winning Super Bowl strategy By Afp Published: 01:37 EST, 3 February 2017 | Updated: 01:37 EST, 3 February 2017 e-mail There's the new "Wonder Woman" actress in action and a sexed-up Mr. Clean. And some political messages too -- but only if you pay close attention. Sunday's Super Bowl is not just the biggest US sporting event, it's also the most important event of the year for advertisers. For some, the clash of top marketers overshadows the premier American football game. The Super Bowl is expected to draw more than 110 million US viewers, and a 30-second spot on the Fox network will cost an estimated $5 million. The Super Bowl is expected to draw more than 110 million US viewers, and a 30-second advertising spot on the Fox network will cost an estimated $5 million ©Tim Warner (Getty/AFP) This offers both challenges and risks for brands, according to Tim Calkins, professor at Northwestern University's Kellogg School of Management, who leads a Super Bowl ad review with his students. Calkins said the event -- a matchup in Houston between the New England Patriots and Atlanta Falcons -- draws in many people who are not football fans, giving the ads greater prominence. "A lot of people aren't interested in the game, and many of them focus on the ads more than the game itself," he said. "This is a rare opportunity to reach a huge amount of the US population at one time. There's nothing anywhere that comes close to this for marketers." Brands are pulling out all the stops to stand out. Hyundai, the South Korean automaker, hired film director Peter Berg, known for "Patriots Day" and "Deepwater Horizon," to create a 90-second "documentary" filmed and produced entirely during the game. "We wanted to push the creativity and storytelling even further," said Hyundai marketing chief Dean Evans. Another "live" ad will be created for Snickers with actor Adam Driver, which will follow a 36-hour livestream by the Mars brand on its own site and on Facebook. - An immigrant's tale - Some advertisers also appear to be making an end run around the ban on overtly political ads. One of them is Budweiser, whose ad tells a 60-second story about its founder, Adolphus Busch, and his journey as a German immigrant -- a theme set to make waves as debate rages over US immigration policy. "This commercial shows the start of Budweiser's journey, and while it is set in the 1800s, it's a story we believe will resonate with today's entrepreneurial generation -- those who continue strive for their dreams," said Ricardo Marques, vice president of the Anheuser-Busch beer brand. The brewer "told us they wanted to celebrate those who embody the American spirit,” said Mike Byrne of the agency Anomaly, which created the ad called "Born the Hard Way." Ads seen as too political or provocative can be rejected, and home improvement retailer 84 Lumber was forced to revise its original concept, which had depicted a border wall. The ad, which aims to recruit new employees, originally included a wall blocking people looking for work -- an image deemed too sensitive in light of President Donald Trump's plan for a wall on the border with Mexico. Audi's "Daughter" ad also offers political overtones with a story of a girl competing in a cart race and a message of equal pay for women. - Mr. Clean gets dirty - At the provocative end of the ad spectrum, Procter & Gamble turns Mr. Clean into a household sex symbol in the spot dubbed "Cleaner of Your Dreams." "Mr. Clean is showing off his strong and sexy side, and hopefully even inspiring men across America to pick up a mop and bucket themselves," said P&G vice president Martin Hettich. "Wonder Woman" actress Gal Gadot joins her "Furious 7" partner Jason Stratham in an action-packed spot for website builder Wix.com created by French director Louis Leterrier, known for his "Transporter" and "Incredible Hulk" films. Some memorable spots from previous Super Bowls include Apple's dystopian 1984 Ridley Scott ad launching the Macintosh, a 2011 ad celebrating Chrysler's return from bankruptcy and Budweiser's 2014 "puppy love" commercial showing a Clydesdale horse befriended by the canine. Some ads have done more harm than good: a notorious 2015 Nationwide Insurance ad featuring a young child who explains how he will miss out on life's experiences because he is dead missed its target by a long shot. This year, newcomers such as Australian winemaker Yellow Tail (helped by a kangaroo) will join well-known brands such as Intel, TurboTax and Avocados from Mexico and several automakers and consumer brands. Larry Chiagouris, a professor of marketing at Pace University, said the Super Bowl offers a unique opportunity to promote or reposition a brand. He noted brand boosts from Super Bowl ads such as E-Trade, which launched its talking baby ad in 2008, and web hosting firm Go Daddy, with its scantily clad woman testifying before Congress. "The key has always been to have something that is not expected, not typical of the category," Chiagouris said. The ads are worth it, "if you put the creative effort into it," he said. "If it's not creative, if it's been seen before, it's a waste of money." Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'She is devastated': Kylie Minogue 'ends engagement to Joshua Sasse following suspicions about his relationship with an actress' George and Amal Clooney step out for a romantic dinner in Spain amid pregnancy rumours Ocean's Eleven star, 55, took his wife on a date Emily Ratajkowski flaunts her incredible curves and enviable abs in boho floral bikini as she smoulders in stunning new beach shoot PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Worse for wear David Beckham gallantly holds car door for Poppy Delevingne as they party together on her husband's birthday eve 'The cancer has gone, we are very happy': Michael Bublé's son Noah, 3, 'is recovering' from liver cancer after heartbreaking battle  Good news for singer Guest biogs, drones photographing from above and banquet feasting: 2017's HOTTEST wedding trends SPONSORED Swimming with turtles, lounging on the beach and catch ups over wine with the girls: Meet the jet setting, yoga loving beauty getting close to Kylie's man 'Miss this face every day': Wayne Rooney posts heartfelt Instagram tribute to Coleen's late sister Rosie on her birthday... five years after death That's a slippery slope! The Jump's Spencer Matthews 'caught up in love triangle with co-stars Vogue Williams and Jade Jones' On thin ice PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Amber Rose showcases her famous buxom curves in orange bikini as she chills out in Honolulu Beach babe  Nicola McLean's husband Tom Williams brands Kim Woodburn and Jedward the C-word in expletive filled rant after comments on CBB about wife's 'knockers' Angelina Jolie shares teaser of Netflix passion project she directed based on Cambodian genocide memoir Her Netflix passion project  Janet Jackson, 50, joins newborn son Eissa as he gets a visit from grandma Katherine, aunt Rebbie and uncle Randy Family fun She's got some front! Braless Dakota Johnson stuns in VERY plunging dress at Fifty Shades Darker premiere Exquisite No supporting act! Rita Ora steals the show at Fifty Shades Darker premiere in revealing dress...after being mocked for cameo role Dubbed her big break Where's the rest of it? Singer Halsey risks wardrobe malfunction with VERY revealing dress at Fifty Shades Darker premiere Left her cleavage bare Keeping mum! Rosie Huntington-Whiteley continues to spark pregnancy rumours as she protectively covers her tummy in LA Covered up What a drag! Scott Disick shares a suspicious-looking cigarette on his hotel balcony with a female friend  Smokin' (hot) women Kim Kardashian puts on eye-popping display in sheer tank as she steps out with sister Kourtney for dinner in Costa Rica Turning heads Getting hearts pumping! Mariah Carey hits the gym in cleavage-baring lingerie and HEELS She also needed her fishnet stockings  'I've not had a bum enlargement!' Comedian Katherine Ryan reveals shocking photo of her bare bottom covered in bruises is a FAKE Cheeky Red hot! Ashley James sizzles in flesh-flaunting mini dress as she showcases her ample cleavage and toned pins out in London Scarlet siren 'THICK!': Kylie Jenner shows off voluptuous figure in her own brand's yellow tracksuit Looking to make big inroads in the apparel market Christine Bleakley reveals retired footballer husband Frank Lampard has been 'in talks' to embark on acting career in Hollywood Scott Disick cosies up to a gaggle of women during trip to Miami after he professes love for on-off girlfriend Kourtney Kardashian Ladies man Make-up free Charlotte McKinney ditches the glamour as she steps out in sweats for casual day of shopping in West Hollywood Casual yet chic  Priorities in order! Heidi Klum reveals her panties as she pulls trousers down to her knees for a quick sunbathing session She's a cheeky one David Beckham opts for sunglasses and a low-key ensemble as he jets out of LAX... hours after partying with Poppy Delevingne Good night Love Island's Olivia Buckland looks effortlessly chic in a white leather jacket as she cuddles up to fiancé Alex Bowen That's a Lottie leg! Model Moss flashes her toned pins in thigh-skimming skirt as she makes an entrance at friend's birthday party Kate's little sister  Solange Knowles performs at free Super Bowl concert in Houston... just one day after sister Beyonce revealed she's pregnant with twins Meghan Markle has 'virtually moved in' with Prince Harry reveal friends of the actress as the pair enjoy a dinner date in London  'To the next level' 'Stop reaching!' Kylie Jenner, 19, calls fans 'f***** idiots' for claiming she wanted to make her waxwork's skin color darker than it really is Lambasted fans Handsome model David Gandy cuts a dapper figure in a dark camel coat as he steps out for lavish cocktail party Looking dapper  After the dramatic bus crash, life in Walford was (unfortunately) back to 'normal' in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley Anti-climatic Great guns! Chris Hemsworth's MASSIVE bulging bicep once again takes centre stage as fan tries to get in a selfie with star Australian actor 'I love you too dude': Kristen Stewart hypes Saturday Night Live hosting debut with Leslie Jones In a series of promotional clips for the NBC comedy PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Home sweet home! Neighbours welcome the Obamas back to their $4.3 million new D.C. home after their luxury break Kim Kardashian shows some leg in thigh-high lace-up boots as she steps out in NYC after meeting with French authorities for a second day in a row Blonde bombshell! Kim Basinger is back and how... as she wows on the red carpet in low-cut black gown at premiere of Fifty Shades Darker A part in erotic trilogy Miley Cyrus' sister Noah wears sheer dress to Fifty Shades Darker premiere in Los Angeles Make Me (Cry) songstress decided to show off her own flair Ferne McCann flashes her abs in a crop top as she films herself having non-surgical liposuction on her stomach after bum lift Back at it  'Not sure if I have the same confidence': Coco Austin shares throwback pic from racy car calendar shoot The 37-year-old shared a racy throwback pic Juliette Lewis shows off her svelte frame in skinny jeans with a khaki coat and hat while catching flight at LAX The actress cut a casual figure in skintight denim Blue jean baby! Paris Jackson wears crop top and denims with frayed cuffs as she enjoys a concert night out in LA Spotted leaving James Arthur's LA concert  Keri Russell wears minimal makeup as she steps out in skinny jeans and ankle boots while on the move in New York city Natural beauty Bundled up beauty! Zoe Kravitz dons blue duster coat with trousers and a heavy navy scarf while holding hands with boyfriend Karl Glusman She doesn't look a day older! Elle Macpherson, 52, shares a sweet throwback bikini photo of herself at the beach with her two sons in 2005 She's ripped! Kourtney Kardashian wears torn jeans and biker jacket as she takes daughter Penelope to Beverly Hills gallery Just back from holiday America's Next Top Model judge Tyson Beckford pulls GUN on process server outside his Miami apartment  A look back at Minogue's ill-fated relationships including her failed 'engagement' to Olivier Martinez as she 'splits from fiancé Joshua Sasse' ' 'She always wanted kids and I never did': Dannii Minogue spoke about her sister Kylie's, 48, hopes for a baby earlier this year Ended engagement Beyonce the work of art: Queen Bey's pregnancy photo series echoes famous paintings featuring Venus and the Virgin Mary Lena Dunham sports aggressive pink eyeshadow as she teams up with Girls cast at premiere of final season Heavy make-up Can't make up your mind? Allison Williams wears trousers AND a dress at premiere of Girls final season That's how you make an entrance... and an exit Leslie Mann looks smitten with Judd Apatow at Girls premiere... after revealing argument with daughters over 'inappropriate' snaps Leggy display! Erin McNaught flaunts her trim pins and flashes white lace bra in a thigh-skimming denim frock as she enjoys a pamper session 'She's the vilest woman I've ever met in my life': CBB's Coleen Nolan rants about Kim Woodburn as Nicola McLean vows to 'never to see her again'  'Prep with my man': Ellen Pompeo brings newborn son Eli to work as she gets ready for directorial debut on Grey's Anatomy Behind the scenes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Georgia May Jagger and Grumpy Cat make it a date: Party team up for party in Germany to celebrate calendars  Is she fur real? Selma Blair wears red coat reminiscent of bath robe with animal hair trim around Los Angeles Looked like a very cosy cover up Part of the squad! Kelsea Ballerini says pal Taylor Swift taught her how to deal with fame as she covers Billboard magazine 'I'm really disappointed to be out!' Vogue Williams forced to QUIT The Jump just days before anticipated launch after suffering serious knee injury Babies, let's get in Formation! Beyonce 'set to perform at this year's Grammy Awards' after revealing she's pregnant with twins No slowing down That's quite the pregnancy album! Beyonce displays her baby bump in underwater video after announcing she's having twins Red hot! Emma Roberts shows off her new fiery colored hair as she leaves the salon in Hollywood Sporting freshly coloured tresses 'Call your senator': Amy Schumer continues anti-Trump activism by urging fans to oppose 'unqualified' Education Secretary pick Betsy DeVos 'I'm a sex goddess!' Teen Holly Willoughby, 18, grabs her assets as she makes saucy profession in sizzling throwback lingerie ad 'You have to bite the bullet': Kristen Stewart admits she is dreading her SNL hosting debut on Saturday Even if vampires don't make her flinch Khloe Kardashian helps Lauren lose 50 pounds and reconnect with her dead father on E! reality show Revenge Body With a celebrity trainer Making waves! Karlie Kloss sports curly locks and monochrome mini dress  during high fashion Vogue photo shoot at Sydney's Bondi Beach Lena Dunham admits she crossed 'boundaries of professionalism' as she reveals she once 'made out' with a Girls guest star  James Corden jokes about being the lowest paid late night talk show host on television... ahead of Grammys hosting gig But he's hit the big time... 'I've had some really bad hairstyles': Shane Warne reveals style disasters as ex-cricketer celebrates 10 years as an Advanced Hair Studio ambassador Borne this way! Lady Gaga gets police escort to NRG Stadium in Houston as she rehearses for Super Bowl Halftime Show  She's all fired up 'Yo I made it!' Rihanna steps out in biker chic ensemble... after celebrating Mariah Carey wearing her Fenty heels to the GYM Dressed in all black In bed with Hilary Duff! Star shows off her legs while wearing only panties and a T-shirt on Instagram A long way from being a self-conscious teen Is this the end of underwear? Why stars are forgoing bras and pants on the red carpet (and why they believe it makes them look more CLASSY) Victoria's Secret stars Jasmine Tookes, Martha Hunt and Taylor Hill bring the heat to Miami with sizzling bikini photo shoot Trio of Angels  Lily-Rose Depp goes on spending spree at Chanel in Beverly Hills... amid reports of dad Johnny's ongoing financial woes Karl Lagerfeld's muse Make-up free Julia Roberts, 49, looks bright as she goes shopping for interior decor with daughter Hazel in Malibu Had a stylish wintry get-up Just like mom! Rumer Willis stars in Gap campaign paying homage to mother Demi Moore and her 1990 ad Just like her famous mother Demi Kate Moss, 43, goes completely naked for W magazine as she joins Jennifer Lopez, Jessica Chastain, Taraji P Henson and Donatella Versace Quite the treat! Sara Gilbert has mother-son date with Rhodes at Jessica's Biel's pricey Au Fudge restaurant in Los Angeles Spoiling her little boy  A look at Shanina Shaik and fiancé DJ Ruckus' $100,000-a-month Miami rental property with incredible waterfront views and a heated swimming pool  Miranda gets her dream role in Annie: Actress in final negotiations to play Miss Hannigan when musical moves into the Piccadilly Theatre  'F*** you Price is Right!': Aaron Paul aims for game show redemption with the help of James Corden 17 years after walking away a loser A gloomy affair is saved by the belle: The Glass Menagerie is glum but Cherry Jones gives a fine turn, writes QUENTIN LETTS   SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Who silenced royal rebel Lady Amelia? Duke of Kent's granddaughter deletes her Instagram account  Upbeat Elbow go out on a limb: Little Fictions is a slow-burning blockbuster, writes ADRIAN THRILLS  JAN MOIR: Apple Tree Yard and a brutally real portrait of a wife in crisis  It caused controversy and divided opinion Coco Austin puts on a busty display as she steps out with baby Chanel... as Ice T proudly reveals his daughter has inherited his 'mean mug' Focused on family: Bethenny Frankel spends some quality time time with daughter Bryn after nasty drama with her ex Family first Making a dog's dinner of it! CBB's Jedward and Bianca Gascoigne try not to gag as they're forced to eat unsavoury 'mystery can' Not good enough to eat Tallia Storm flaunts her tanned and toned legs in a sequinned silver mini dress and chunky black ankle boots at fashion party Leggy lady Making them green with envy! Camilla dazzles in a velvet gown as she brings some glamour to the British Asian Trust dinner in London  'If there's anyone designed to deal with it, it's her': Meghan Markle's on-screen Suits fiancé Patrick J. Adams approves of her royal romance 'She's the love of my life': Scott Disick declares Kourtney Kardashian is the one in KUWTK trailer...before getting cuddly with beauties in Miami 'The shoot is not soft porn, it is actual fashion': Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm defends posing naked for Playboy Make-up free Cindy Crawford shows off her svelte figure in skintight jeans and plunging white top ahead of 51st birthday Fit at 50 Enjoying a bit too much Pillowtalk? Pop heartthrob Zayn Malik sports a serious case of bed head as he enjoys shopping trip in Beverly Hills Going solo! Taylor Swift releases filmed acoustic rehearsal of I Don't Wanna Live Forever... without singing partner Zayn When two become one 'I didn't want to play a crack addict': Naomie Harris reveals she initially turned down Moonlight because of 'negative portrayals of women' in film That's one way to go viral! Mariah Carey poses in racy lingerie as she streams Facebook Live video...and hits one million views in first hour Busty Preeya Kalidas flashes her legs in a glamorous baby blue gown with dramatic ruffles at British Asian Trust dinner Blue-tiful Master and Apprentice! Arnold Schwarzenegger lunches with Mickey Rourke... after hitting back at Trump over ratings  Celebrity yearbook photos including Jimmy Kimmel in a tacky prom shirt, Tina Fey clutching a rose and a baby-faced Amy Adams are brought to life for Super Bowl ad Keke Palmer reveals truce with Trey Songz after claims he filmed her without her consent as she puts on another fashion show in New York You're fired! Gloomy Ivanka is pictured leaving DC home after Nordstrom drops her fashion brand amid angry boycott by thousands of women 'I can't wait to share our journey': New mum Stephanie Davis dotes over baby son Caben-Albi in adorable video  Preparing to raise her newborn alone 'I have three hearts': Pregnant Beyoncé strips NAKED to show off her baby bump in intimate snaps after announcing she is expecting twins  'Having twins is the most incredible experience ever!' Mariah Carey congratulates pal Beyonce after baby news   'Targeting the weakest does not show strength,' Angelina Jolie pens op-ed for the New York Times about refugee policy  Scarlett Johansson flaunts her famous curves in nude-looking suit in a sneak peek of her new movie Ghost In The Shell ahead of trailer  Naked tummy! Gigi Hadid models crop top that exposes her belly button and adds leather jacket to help keep out chill in NYC Tum's the word 'You made a reputation by showing your knockers!' CBB's Kim Woodburn takes aim at 'vile little creature' Nicola McLean as she's branded 'scum' Wigged out! Oprah Winfrey looks virtually unrecognisable in crimped blonde hairpiece on Los Angeles set of A Wrinkle In Time EXCLUSIVE Tequila shots, karaoke and a VERY A-list crowd: Behind-the-scenes at Harry Styles' 23rd birthday bash with Adele and Cindy Crawford Forgotten something? Lisa Appleton struggles to contain her ample assets as she dons a pair of tiny bikini briefs in Spain She always turns heads EXCLUSIVE: Timbaland's divorce lawyer slaps a lien on the music producer's $5 million Miami mansion for unpaid bills Pricey The apple of his (Beady) Eye! Liam Gallagher's son Gene sports similar haircut and same distinctive eyebrows as rocker dad on shopping spree 'It's time for us to embrace': Matthew McConaughey says celebrities should accept Trump is president and 'be constructive' 'This performance is for everyone': Lady Gaga talks up 'athletic' halftime show at Super Bowl after dancing in her underwear backstage Bikini-clad Kim Zolciak calls her husband Kroy Biermann 'sexy' as she posts photo of him in a very tight Speedo during beach getaway Fun in the sun J.C. Penney defends Beyonce using her own lyrics after critics snidely suggest that her 'awkward' pregnancy photo was taken at the retailer's portrait studio Fans accuse Beyoncé of copying M.I.A.'s music video for her maternity shoot - just months after the Sri Lankan rapper said Bey stole her sound What controversy? Mel Gibson smiles as his upcoming police brutality film Dragged Across Concrete sparks a social media backlash 'I get paid quite well to not be biased!': Rylan Clark-Neal hits out at claims CBB BOTS is unfair to housemates... as he confirms he'll still host the spin-off show  Drew Barrymore wanted 'ultra-traditional' upbringing for her two daughters as she calls split from husband her 'worst nightmare'  Back to basics Jamie Dornan flaunts his muscular physique as he showcases impressive pommel horse trick on Conan O'Brien Impressive Looking extra pouty! Rumer Willis shows off bigger lips as she attends opening of new basement bar in New York Getting lippy Selena Gomez is nominated for Kids' Choice Award as her current beau The Weeknd goes up against ex Bieber in 2017 nominations Oops, she did it again! Britney Spears suffers an EPIC wardrobe malfunction as she exposes her bare breast during Las Vegas show Kanye West is reprimanded by CFDA for his 'bad behavior' after failing to liaise with NYFW organizers about his Yeezy Season Five show Kim Kardashian looks slimmer than ever as she flaunts her gym-honed figure in black bikini alongside sister Kourtney during family getaway in Costa Rica Nicki Minaj invests in huge security upgrade for mansion following brazen thieves steal $200K worth of property and trash her home  Taking no chances 'I started doing hard drugs at age 12': Khloe Kardashian listens as latest Revenge Body contestant reveals she turned to meth to get thin 'We need a security guard 24-7': Kim Kardashian amps up protection for family in KUWTK sneak peek following armed heist Harrowing news Jennifer Connelly opts for a low-key look in a navy coat and beanie as she enjoys a stroll with husband Paul Bettany in New York Feeling the chill Oscar-winning Leonardo DiCaprio gets his meat seasoned by viral meme sensation Salt Bae at the chef's Dubai steakhouse  Just a sprinkle  Feeling Ferry saucy! Geordie Shore's Chloe leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her ample assets and tiny waist in skimpy lingerie Ola Jordan and Heidi Montag look worse for wear as they twerk up a storm during wild night out with husbands James and Spencer Justin brings Bieber Fever to the Super Bowl with wacky dance moves as he honours the history of touchdown celebrations in new advert 'Things just didn't work out': Singer Ella Eyre 'amicably' ends her two-year relationship with Rixton drummer Lewi Morgan Sad news  Kim Kardashian relives horror of Paris jewel heist by testifying in New York after a judge flew to meet her to identify armed men who robbed her at gunpoint CBB's Bianca Gascoigne puts on an eye-popping display as she poses provocatively in lingerie for racy pre-show photo shoot EXCLUSIVE 'I love to mix it up!': Ellie Goulding reveals the secrets behind her stunning athletic shape She's a fitness enthusiast  Alesha Dixon dares to be different in sexy leather mesh dress with sheer skirt as she joins glam Amanda Holden at Britain's Got Talent auditions in Birmingham Victoria Beckham shows off slim figure in chic trousers and polo-neck for shopping trip ... but STILL keeps her favourite sunglasses on in drizzly London Don't let mum and dad see! Brooklyn Beckham tucks into HUGE baguette during London day out without health fanatic parents David and Victoria  'I've got my priorities really in order!': Rob Lowe laughs as Jimmy Kimmel ribs him over job ad for assistant who can turn on his jacuzzi and arrange massages 'I really fell in love': Iskra Lawrence posts lingerie selfie as she reveals she's learned to accept her curves while inspiring women to celebrate their bodies 'Everybody's looking': New Fifty Shades Darker trailer reveals glamorous Masquerade Ball sequence A new promo has debuted  'I'm more nervous on runways now' than when I was 21': Naomi Campbell, 46, admits she feels 'vulnerable' on the catwalk alongside younger models 'I'd love to be with Kate Middleton!': Drew Barrymore reveals she fancies the Duchess of Cambridge... as she jokes about being 'naughty in my forties' 'Breakouts have made me stay in my house all day': Ashley Benson opens up about her struggle with acne at the launch of a spot-reducing gel product Johnny Depp brands former business managers 'reprehensible' after details of his spendthrift $2million-a-month lifestyle emerge  McQueen Bey! Hollyoaks' pregnant matriarch Myra recreates THAT Beyonce baby pic... yet swaps designer lingerie for sports top and cardi Lottie Moss cuts a demure figure in lace-up jeans and fur coat as she hits the town for casual night out Certainly looked the part of a fashion model  It's Patsy TANsit! Actress overdoes the bronzer as she dons workout gear for energetic jog in the rain Not exactly tanning weather in London 'It left me bereft': Kris Marshall quits Death In Paradise after Caribbean filming separated him from his family... as fans mourn 'heartbreaking' news No dramas! Danielle Lloyd steps out in double denim after furiously denying Nicola McLean's claims she attended her wedding to Jamie O'Hara CBB's Nicola McLean flaunts her ample assets in racy lace lingerie as she poses for saucy pre-show shoot WAG and glamour model, 35 'It's a disaster!': Make-up free Dakota Johnson dons fur coat at LAX airport after revealing everything she says turns sexual Only the best for the Lord! Scott Disick stayed in $12,500 a night suite in Miami after fleeing Kardashian Costa Rican getaway 'I've never met a hater whose life I wish I had': Gabrielle Union bites back at mean girls as she flaunts her fabulous figure at 44 in Women's Health Trump requests prayers for Arnold Schwarzenegger and his Apprentice ratings... as his replacement suggest they switch jobs  'WAKE UP & JOIN THE RESISTANCE': Sarah Silverman calls for a military coup to overthrow President Trump Controversial statement Twinning! Cindy Crawford's son Presley Gerber steps out with girlfriend Lily - whose model good looks will fit right in Strictly's rumoured new head judge Gary Edwards suffers 'TV fail' when he continuously refers to Len Goodman as a 'matriarch' rather than a patriarch Imogen Thomas displays her curves in colourful swimwear at the launch of her new collection... as she reveals her relationship has lost its spark Gaz Beadle transforms into a naughty pensioner as he hits the gym and chats girls up in hilarious prank ahead of Spring Break with Grandad launch Just like Linda! Lusardi's daughter Lucy Kane shows an uncanny resemblance to her mum... as she 'blows judges away on The Voice End of an era! Designer Riccardo Tisci leaves Givenchy after 12 YEARS with the French fashion house - as rumors suggest he is heading to Versace Move over George! Adorable Prince of Bhutan proves himself a contender for world's cutest royal baby as he poses for his first birthday portrait Nick Gordon steps out on second anniversary of the day girlfriend Bobbi Kristina was tragically found unresponsive in bathtub 'I love having her around again': Brooke Vincent reveals she was instrumental in her on-screen sister Helen Flanagan's return to Coronation Street Drinking problems! Coronation Street viewers spot a major props blunder when Kate serves Toyah a glass of wine from an EMPTY bottle Who said acting was easy? Joanne Froggatt shelters from the rain as she braves freezing conditions while filming Liar in Kent Alice Eve oozes classic Hollywood glamour in a sophisticated all-black ensemble as she enjoys a low-key dinner in LA British beauty Gigi Hadid wears nothing but a tiny miniskirt as she goes braless for tasteful LOVE magazine shoot Stunning black and white snap  That's a butt rude! Rita Ora is cheeky in see-through gym pants ... as she steps out in LA after congratulating Beyonce on her pregnancy news What a view! Will pregnant Beyonce still perform at Coachella? Singer's April headline slot is uncertain after announcement she's expecting twins The adorable moment Prince Harry pranks an unimpressed school boy with the 'wrong shoulder' trick (and acts surprised when the joke's turned on him) Bella Thorne flaunts her taut tummy as she works up a sweat with her wild moves while leading a dance class Energetic night! Heidi Klum steals the spotlight in a quirky black Victoriana-style ensemble and heavy jewels as she shoots Germany's Next Top Model 'We do get a bit delirious': Rebel Wilson and Anna Kendrick share behind-the-scenes Pitch Perfect 3 video after filming for 15 hours Geordie Shore's Holly Hagan shows off her toned curves as she shares an eye-popping bikini shot from her holiday in Thailand 'I absolutely hate my natural look': Katie Price shares rare 'make-up free' selfie as she takes a break from her hair extensions Ed Sheeran fans hit out at touts after tickets to the British pop star's UK tour were being sold online for up to £1,000 just minutes after going on sale  Racy in red! Lucy Mecklenburgh shows off her stunningly slim figure in chic bikini as she posts yet ANOTHER swimsuit snap from Dubai trip 'Let me come in your changing room!' Trinny Woodall accidentally propositions Phillip Schofield live on This Morning leaving Holly Willoughby in hysterics What a bikini body! Justin Bieber's 'ex' Sahara Ray almost busts out of her skimpy swimwear in racy Instagram snap after THAT lingerie shot Lorraine Kelly can't contain her giggles as she recreates the famous pottery scene from the movie Ghost with Dr Hilary Jones as Patrick Swayze  Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
BUSINESS Technology Everything you need to know about Snapchat and Snap's IPO MN: Corporations In Minnesota Tripplaar Kristoffer / SIPA USA Founded in 2011, Snapchat could soon become part of a publicly traded company. Founded in 2011, Snapchat could soon become part of a publicly traded company. (Tripplaar Kristoffer / SIPA USA) Paresh Dave, David Pierson and Tracey LienContact Reporters Snap Inc., a Los Angeles company that makes one of the world’s most used and recognized smartphone apps, will soon begin trading its stock on public markets. Here are the key details gleaned from the company’s S1 filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. What is Snap Inc.? Snap Inc.’s flagship product is Snapchat — an app that lets people send each other photos and short videos that disappear after being viewed. On average, 158 million people use Snapchat daily, and more than 2.5 billion Snaps are created every day. Snapchat is also a place where people consume media, thanks to partnerships with publishers including CNN, BuzzFeed, Cosmopolitan and Vogue.  Then there’s Spectacles, a pair of sunglasses with a built-in camera that can be used to take snaps. They’re a bit of a novelty, but they help explain why Snap describes itself as a camera company.  A camera company? Here’s how Snap explains its camera-centric vision in its filing: “We believe that the camera screen will be the starting point for most products on smartphones,” the company said. “This is because images created by smartphone cameras contain more context and richer information than other forms of input like text entered on a keyboard. This means that we are willing to take risks in an attempt to create innovative and different camera products that are better able to reflect and improve our life experiences.” How does Snap make money? Like other social media platforms, Snap makes the bulk of its revenue from advertising. During 2016, the company recorded $404.5 million in revenue, up from $58.7 million in 2015. Although that’s almost a seven-fold increase, the company incurs substantial losses. In 2015, the company lost $372.9 million. In 2016, Snap lost $514.6 million.  What stands in the company’s way? Snapchat can't succeed without its young following. Each day, users under 25 visited the app more than 20 times and spent more than 30 minutes on Snapchat on average, according to a company study conducted from October to December of last year. By comparison, users 25 and older used Snapchat about 12 times and spent about 20 minutes on the app per day over the same period. Retaining young users is not assured given the group’s penchant for jumping onto the next cool thing. Snapchat could face new rivals or stiffer competition from apps like Instagram, which has adopted similar features. Snapchat also requires heavy data usage, which would challenge its ability to expand to emerging economies where telecommunications infrastructure remains underdeveloped. Who are the leaders of the company? The company’s chief executive is 26-year-old Evan Spiegel, and its chief technology officer is 28-year-old Bobby Murphy. In its S1, Spiegel is said to be responsible for the company’s “strategic vision,” while Murphy developed the app’s technical foundation. Then there’s Reggie Brown, who sued Snap Inc. in 2013, alleging that Spiegel and Murphy had taken his idea for Snapchat and ousted him from the company. Though the company’s S1 filing does not mention Brown by name, it says that an individual was paid $157.5 million to settle a lawsuit that alleged that Snap was “using certain intellectual property that the individual jointly owned with our founders.”  Who’s on the board of directors? Michael Lynton (CEO of Sony Entertainment) Stan Meresman (Board director of Palo Alto Networks Inc.) Joanna Coles (Chief content officer of Hearst Magazines) Mitch Lasky (General partner at Benchmark Capital) A.G. Lafley (Former chairman of Proctor & Gamble) Scott D. Miller (CEO of G100 Companies) Christopher Young (GM of Intel Security Group) Evan Spiegel (Snap CEO) Bobby Murphy (Snap CTO) Who are its major shareholders prior to the IPO? Spiegel and Murphy are tied for the two biggest shareholders. They're followed by Benchmark Capital (represented by board member Mitch Lasky) and Lightspeed Venture Partners as the only four shareholders with voting power. What would an IPO do? Money raised through an initial public offering would help capitalize the company, potentially funding its growing workforce of nearly 2,000 employees, expansions into new, high-capital markets, and rollouts of additional hardware such as Spectacles, which cost a lot more to produce than software. When is Snap’s IPO? Under the quickest timeline, company executives would begin courting investment pledges from big money management firms in about three weeks before listing its shares in early March. Look for shares to trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol SNAP.  The company, of course, could also pull the plug and choose to remain private if investors seem skittish or the stock market takes a turn for the worse. Caption 4 stories you can't miss Two Republicans senators have defected and will vote against Betsy DeVos for secretary of Education. Could President Trump’s proposed 20% border tax set off an international food fight? Are emails and texts sent on the personal devices of government employees a public record? 22,000 new U.S. factory jobs  could be generated by limiting car imports from Mexico. Two Republicans senators have defected and will vote against Betsy DeVos for secretary of Education. Could President Trump’s proposed 20% border tax set off an international food fight? Are emails and texts sent on the personal devices of government employees a public record? 22,000 new U.S. factory jobs  could be generated by limiting car imports from Mexico. Caption 4 stories you can't miss Two Republicans senators have defected and will vote against Betsy DeVos for secretary of Education. Could President Trump’s proposed 20% border tax set off an international food fight? Are emails and texts sent on the personal devices of government employees a public record? 22,000 new U.S. factory jobs  could be generated by limiting car imports from Mexico. Two Republicans senators have defected and will vote against Betsy DeVos for secretary of Education. Could President Trump’s proposed 20% border tax set off an international food fight? Are emails and texts sent on the personal devices of government employees a public record? 22,000 new U.S. factory jobs  could be generated by limiting car imports from Mexico. Caption UC Berkeley protests against Milo Yiannopoulos turn violent A speech by conservative firebrand and  Milo Yiannopoulos was canceled at UC Berkeley on Wednesday amid violent protests that prompted President Trump to suggest cutting funding to the university. A speech by conservative firebrand and  Milo Yiannopoulos was canceled at UC Berkeley on Wednesday amid violent protests that prompted President Trump to suggest cutting funding to the university. Caption Judge Neil M. Gorsuch accepts Supreme Court nomination Neil M. Gorsuch, a highly regarded conservative jurist best known for upholding religious liberty rights in the legal battles over Obamacare, is President Trump's Supreme Court nominee. Neil M. Gorsuch, a highly regarded conservative jurist best known for upholding religious liberty rights in the legal battles over Obamacare, is President Trump's Supreme Court nominee. Caption L.A. Police Commission reviews the case of a woman who died in an LAPD jail The L.A. Police Commission ruled Tuesday that officers were not involved in the case of a woman who died in an LAPD jail.  The L.A. Police Commission ruled Tuesday that officers were not involved in the case of a woman who died in an LAPD jail.  Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Federal Judge Neil M. Gorsuch is Trump's Supreme Court pick. L.A.'s City Council voted to decriminalize street vending. Trump's team has hinted that some of the temporary travel bans could be extended indefinitely. LAPD officers were not involved in the death of a woman inside a jail cell. Federal Judge Neil M. Gorsuch is Trump's Supreme Court pick. L.A.'s City Council voted to decriminalize street vending. Trump's team has hinted that some of the temporary travel bans could be extended indefinitely. LAPD officers were not involved in the death of a woman inside a jail cell. paresh.dave@latimes.com / PGP Twitter: @peard33 Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Snapchat, Inc. UC Berkeley — home of the free speech movement — finds itself under fire from left, right and Trump Snapchat company's IPO filing might be L.A.'s biggest ever Uber CEO Travis Kalanick quits Trump’s advisory council; Elon Musk will stay on but objects to immigration order Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 59°
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... WWD logo x WWD logo search Close SUBSCRIBE TO WWD logo Fashion Model Call: Jazzelle Tisci's Move to Versace Said Near Karl Lagerfeld Teams With Steiff on Choupette Plush Toy Fendi Approaches Millennials With Dedicated Digital Platform Fashion Trends Fashion Features Fashion Scoops Designer & Luxury Ready-To-Wear Sportswear Intimates Activewear Textiles Denim Street Style Business Change in Command: Vitale Named CEO, Lee Retires Snap’s IPO Snapshot: Big Revenues, Steep Losses Consumer Preferences for Experiential Spending Not Changing Anytime Soon What Next for Ralph After Stefan Larsson Exits? Financial Government & Trade Mergers & Acquisitions Legal Human Resources Marketing & Promotion Retail Markets Media Beauty Yes To Targets Millennials With Splashy Revamp Diptyque Redesigns Le Sablier Hourglass Diffuser Cargo Taps First Influencer for Hawaii-Themed Launch Millennials Turn to Drug Stores for Skin Care Beauty Features Skin Care Fragrance Color Cosmetics Hair Men’s Robert Graham Reenergized for Fall, Launches Ad Campaign Top Trends From the Paris Men's Runways Bill Nye, Simon Doonan Walk in 1st Annual Blue Jacket Fashion Show Gant Launches Tech Prep Shirt Range Retail/Business Fashion Lifestyle Designer & Luxury Sportswear Clothing/Furnishings Runway Represent Men's Fall 2017 Stampd Men's Fall 2017 Willy Chavarria Men's Fall 2017 General Idea Men's Fall 2017 2017 Men’s Spring Collections 2017 Resort 2017 Spring Ready-to-Wear 2016 Fall Ready-to-Wear 2016 Fall Couture 2016 Men’s Fall Collections Accessories Patek Philippe Sees Bright Spot for Luxury Watches in U.S. Market Furla Unveils Second Store in Knightsbridge YSL's Moroccan Lifestyle Inspires New Shoe Collection Spring 2017 Accessories: The 11 Best Long-Lasting Booties Jewelry Footwear Handbags Leather Goods Watches Eyewear Hats, Gloves and More Eye Jill Kargman Speaks at Playground Partners Luncheon Zosia Mamet Hated Her 'Girls' Wardrobe Judith Glickman Lauder Shares Photography Collection in 'Artist's Choice' at the Portland Museum of Art First Lady Melania Trump Taps Interior Designer Tham Kannalikham to Work on White House's Private Quarters Parties People Lifestyle … Summits Retail Markets Media Classifieds Careers Follow Us twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest Advertise About WWD logo Terms & Conditions © Copyright 2017  -  Penske Media Corporation Today's Digital Daily WWD logo Sections Fashion. Beauty. Business. Subscribe Log in Welcome Account Log out search Fashion Fashion Trends Fashion Features Fashion Scoops Designer & Luxury Ready-To-Wear Sportswear Intimates Activewear Textiles Denim Street Style Business Financial Government & Trade Mergers & Acquisitions Legal Human Resources Marketing & Promotion Retail Markets Media Beauty Beauty Features Skin Care Fragrance Color Cosmetics Hair Men’s Retail/Business Fashion Lifestyle Designer & Luxury Sportswear Clothing/Furnishings Runway 2017 Men’s Spring Collections 2017 Resort 2017 Spring Ready-to-Wear 2016 Fall Ready-to-Wear 2016 Fall Couture 2016 Men’s Fall Collections Accessories Jewelry Footwear Handbags Leather Goods Watches Eyewear Hats, Gloves and More Eye Parties People Lifestyle Summits Retail Markets Media Classifieds Careers Business Changes at Barneys: Lee Becomes Chairman, Vitale Named CEO Both executives report to owner Richard Perry. clock 14h • WWD Staff Fashion WWD EXCLUSIVE: Riccardo Tisci Has Exited Givenchy The Italian designer brought heat, showmanship and fashion thrills to the French house. clock 18h • Miles Socha Business Stefan Larsson to Leave Ralph Lauren Corp. President and cheif executive officer Stefan Larsson will leave Ralph Lauren Corp. on May 1. clock 20h • Vicki M. Young Business Technology Snap’s IPO Snapshot: Big Revenues, Steep Losses The company’s registration statement revealed a tech company on the go, and Joanna Coles' pay for her side job on the board. By Evan Clark and Vicki M. Young on February 2, 2017 Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk Snapchat-parent Snap Inc. is looking to move on to the next stage with an IPO. Newscast/REX/Shutterstock Snapchat’s become a fast favorite of fashion and all that advertising love showed up in its parent company’s IPO filing Thursday, which showed a dramatic boost in sales last year. Snap Inc.’s revenues shot up to $404.5 million last year, up from $58.7 million in 2015. However, the company — which is investing heavily in its growth, for instance, introducing its camera-toting Spectacles last year — is still losing a massive amount of money: $514.6 million last year. That’s not expected to temper investor enthusiasm too much, though, and the company’s offering is expected to raise as much as $25 billion. The filing late Thursday also gave a peek at the secretive company’s internal workings. Snap said: “Substantially all of our revenue comes from advertising, so our ability to generate revenue in a particular country depends on the size of its advertising market.” It noted that global advertising spend — especially mobile advertising spend — is extremely concentrated, with more than 70 percent of overall advertising spend and nearly 85 percent of mobile advertising spend coming from the top 10 advertising markets, citing data from International Data Corp. The company also said that “on average, over 60 percent of its daily active users” are from countries on ICD’s top 10 advertising markets. The company said its strategy is to invest in product innovation and “take risk to improve our camera platform,” noting that its focus is to drive user engagement because that can be monetized through advertising. “We use the revenue we generate to fund future product innovation to grow our business,” the company said. The company’s nonemployee directors include Joanna Coles, 54, chief content officer of Hearst Magazines, and A.G. Lafley, 69, former president and chief executive officer of the Procter & Gamble Co. Coles and Lafley are members of the firm’s nominating and corporate governance committee. Lafley is also on the firm’s compensation committee. Coles received total compensation of $110,866 from Snap last year, which included stock awards valued at $75,866 and a cash retainer of $35,000. Lafley received compensation of $2.6 million, which included stock awards valued at $2.5 million and a $200,000 annual cash retainer to cover the costs of his travel to company meetings and events. Lafley’s retainer also is paid quarterly following the completion of each full quarter. You're missing something! Activate your FREE PREVIEW now. Snap Fashion Snapchat Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk load comments blog comments powered by Disqus Essentialist Today's Must Read Business Swatch Group Net Profits Plunge 47% in 2016 clock February 2, 2017 • Haig Simonian Latest Galleries Jill Kargman Speaks at Playground Partners Luncheon Backstage at Raf Simons Men’s Fall 2017 They Are Wearing: New York Men’s Week Fall 2017 FREE ALERTS & NEWSLETTERS SIGN UP PRIVACY POLICY Social Studies @wwd We're taking a look back at Riccardo Tisci's unforgettable moments at Givenchy on WWD.com. Pictured is Beyoncé on the Met Gala red carpet in 2015. (📷: David Fisher) @wwd Maria Grazia Chiuri just made her couture debut for Dior. See the every look from the collection on WWD.com. #wwdfashion @wwd Balmain was all about the accessories. #wwdfashion (📷: @delphineachard) @wwd Sitting pretty at the Balmain Homme men's show in Paris. (📷: Laurent Benhamou) @wwd Sitting pretty at the Balmain Homme men's show in Paris. (📷: Laurent Benhamou) @wwd Spotted: David Beckham at Louis Vuitton's men's show in Paris. 🔁: @thealexbadia @wwd Louis Vuitton just unveiled its collaboration with cult skatewear brand Supreme. See all the looks from the collection on WWD.com. #wwdfashion (📷: @giovanni_giannoni_photo) @wwd Priyanka Chopra takes a spin in a peach Sally LaPointe look at the #pcas2017. Check out our Insta Stories for live coverage from the show. @wwd Demna Gvasalia makes a political statement on the #pfw runway. (📷: @giovanni_giannoni_photo) @wwd Beauty is a birthright. #pfw #wwdfashion (📷: Thibault Camus) More From Our Brands Footwear News Sneakersnstuff and Social Status Collab on Ultra Boosts for the Adidas Sneaker Exchange 5h Ago Fairchild Summits & Events 2017 WWD Digital Forum: Los Angeles 2d Ago Variety Eric Clapton Movie to Be Directed by Oscar-Winner Lili Fini Zanuck 4h Ago BGR Nokia’s Android phones probably won’t live up to the company’s hype 17m Ago Never Miss a Fashion Moment Subscribe Today WWD down caret About Us Advertising Careers Classifieds WWD Magic Legal down caret Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions FAQ Customer Service down caret WWD.com WWD.com + WWD Print WWD Print WWD Archives twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest © Copyright 2017  -  Penske Media Corporation twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest ad
Home Local Idaho Falls Rexburg Pocatello Blackfoot Rigby St. Anthony Weather Sports US/World National World Politics Live Better Feel Good Faith & Family East Idaho Eats Outdoors Health Money Local Business Lowest Gas Prices Business Cool Stuff Entertainment Technology Weird & Wacky Weather Sponsor Have a great story? Send a tip! 208-528-NEWS Weather Sponsored By Local Idaho Falls Rexburg Pocatello Blackfoot Rigby St. Anthony Weather Sports US/World Idaho Utah Wyoming Montana National World Politics Live Better Feel Good Faith & Family East Idaho Eats Living the Wild Life Outdoors Health Money Local Business Lowest Gas Prices Business Cool Stuff Entertainment Technology Weird & Wacky More toddlers suffer eye burns from laundry packets, study says National 0  Updated at 4:44 pm, February 2nd, 2017 By: Susan Scutti, CNN Share This Story We Matched (CNN) — From 2012 to 2015, the number of chemical burns to the eye linked to laundry detergent packets rose more than 30 times among young children, a new study says. More than 1,200 3- and 4-year-olds received such burns in that time period, according to the research published Thursday in the medical journal JAMA Ophthalmology. Single-dose detergent packs, known as laundry packets or pods, entered the mass market in 2012. “Each pod consists of a detergent mixture wrapped in a water-soluble film, made up of a proprietary polyvinyl alcohol polymer,” said Eric J. Moorhead, president and principal scientist of Good Chemistry LLC, a consulting firm. “The liquid detergent in the pods is not the same as regular liquid detergent. It has a higher concentration of surfactants, chemicals that are responsible for stain removal,” said Moorhead, who was not involved in the new study. “At high concentrations, these ordinarily safe ingredients can cause irritation, especially in sensitive areas like the eyes.” ‘Among the worst chemicals’ Among kids between 3 and 4 years old, the number of chemical burns in the eye caused by laundry detergent packets increased from 12 instances in 2012 to 480 in 2015. Proportionally, the total chemical eye injuries associated with the packets increased from 0.8% of all burns in 2012 to 26% in 2015. Children can injure themselves when the packets break and the contents squirt into one or both eyes, or when the contents leak onto the children’s hands and they rub their eyes. Most of these burns happened in the home, where kids are playing with the brightly colored packets, “wondering if they’re toys, if they’re candy,” said the lead researcher, Dr. R. Sterling Haring of Johns Hopkins University. They’re neither. The detergents inside the pods “are among the worst chemicals that the eye can be exposed to,” Haring said: Detergents are alkaline in nature, and alkaline burns are typically more severe than acid burns in the eye. “They penetrate deeper, they burn faster, and they are more caustic to the tissues in the eye itself.” Because the cornea doesn’t have blood vessels, it doesn’t heal well, so if you scar it with detergent packet chemicals, “there’s a high risk of long-term vision impairment,” Haring said. “We’d done another study a few months ago that showed that small children are at highest risk for all types of chemical ocular burns, and that kind of flew in the face of conventional wisdom,” he said. “They always thought that working-age men were the highest risk group: working in factories, splashing chemical in their eyes.” Instead, he and his colleagues were surprised to find that young children have a 50% higher risk than the highest-risk adult, Haring said. Once that news got out, community physicians insisted that the cause was laundry detergent packets. Haring and his team discovered that they were right. Their study concludes with recommendations that parents properly store these packets and that manufacturers consider new, redesigned packaging. In essence, these recommendations “are already in play,” said Brian Sansoni, vice president of sustainability initiatives at the American Cleaning Institute, which represents the US cleaning products industry. He said the new study analyzed data prior to the new safety standards that were published in December 2015 by American Society for Testing and Materials International, a non-profit that develops voluntary consensus standards for consumer manufacturers. The American Cleaning Institute helped identify proper standards for the packets. Following publication of the safety standards, Procter & Gamble, the company that makes Gain and Tide brand laundry detergent pods, launched ad campaigns to raise awareness of the dangers and made its packaging more difficult for small children to open. Other companies also followed suit. “Make sure you keep these products up and away from children — like a lot of household products,” said Sansoni. What should parents do? Dr. Michael Grosso, chairman of the department of pediatrics and chief medical officer at Northwell Health’s Huntington Hospital in Huntington, New York, said parents need to worry about these laundry packets and keep them out of the way. “It’s not only eye injuries. Children will also swallow these,” said Grosso, who was not involved in the study. Eye injuries caused by the packets “can be quite serious,” he added. “The majority of individuals will recover their vision after this kind of injury,” he said. However, these burns can be “very, very painful. They require extensive emergency treatment and extensive follow-up treatment by an ophthalmologist.” The first thing parents should do is “prevent this by keeping these pods out of the way. They need to be kept up high in cabinets beyond the reach of a preschool child, the group that’s most at risk.” If a child does get detergent in their eye, a parent should immediately irrigate the child’s eyes. “Cool tap water, as much as possible, as soon as possible,” Grosso said. “And then the very next step would be a trip to the emergency department.” Haring echoed this advice. “Take your child and put their eye under cool water under the faucet and flush it with cool water for 20 minutes,” he said, noting that if the burn is extremely severe, some loss of vision could occur. “Don’t stop and take them to the hospital. Don’t call and wait for an ambulance to show up. Flush the eye with cool water before you do anything else,” Haring said. “That’s going to be the deciding factor about long-term outcome for this injury.” NEVER MISS A STORY! CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD THE FREE EASTIDAHONEWS.COM APP CNN Wire and the CNN Video Affiliate Network is an online syndication service providing text and video versions of CNN's award-winning news coverage. Articles featured include reporting on world news, politics, finance, health, entertainment and technology. Stories You May Be Interested In: Idaho Falls Black Bear Diner ribbon cutting scheduled 25 Jan 2017 Paul Menser, Bizmojo Idaho Eastern Idaho State Fair offering scholarships 30 Jan 2017 EastIdahoNews.com staff UPDATE: Bonneville County runaway found and returned to family 24 Jan 2017 EastIdahoNews.com staff Netflix adding 82 titles in February, dropping 49 31 Jan 2017 John Clyde, KSL.com Images in the news Related Stories   Restaurant manager charged after bullied teen’s suicide After losing leg in bombing, survivor is marrying firefighter who saved her More toddlers suffer eye burns from laundry packets, study says Toxic plant kills 8 elk near Idaho Falls neighborhood Final refugees land in Boise as travel ban looms Rain, snow and ice storm expected late Thursday, Friday Have a tip? We want to hear it!Local news comes from local people! Tell us what’s going on in your area! Send a tip ABOUT US CONTACT US ADVERTISE WITH US JOBS OUR TEAM OUR ETHICS OUR PARTNERS TERMS OF USE COPYRIGHT CLAIM PROCEDURE PRIVACY STATEMENT © 2017, EastIdahoNews.com
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Budget 2017 Arun Jaitley Kaabil Raees Donald Trump Home Sci/Tech FACTBOX-Commercials slated to air during the 2017 Super Bowl Shares0 Fri, 3 Feb 2017-03:06am , Reuters The 51st edition of the Super Bowl will kick off on Sunday from Houston's NRG Stadium, pitting the New England Patriots against the Atlanta Falcons. The 51st edition of the Super Bowl will kick off on Sunday from Houston's NRG Stadium, pitting the New England Patriots against the Atlanta Falcons. The National Football League's championship game is annually the most-watched television program in the United States, with last year's game commanding 111.9 million viewers. That massive audience makes the Super Bowl a prime spot for advertisers, who are paying Twenty-First Century Fox Inc as much as $5 million for a 30-second spot. The game will air on U.S. broadcast channel Fox. Below are previews of some of the commercials that will run during the Super Bowl: 84 LUMBER The Pennsylvania-based building materials supply company released a 90-second version of their ad, which made waves after Fox rejected their initial idea that reportedly featured immigrants being blocks by a wall. The spot ends with a cliffhanger, directing viewers to watch online after the game, which will include the parts that Fox had rejected. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J0Uk6ctu7nI) AUDI AG Audi is one of the few brands taking a stance on an issue during the Super Bowl, with an ad promoting gender equality. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G6u10YPk_34) AVOCADOS FROM MEXICO Avocados From Mexico returns for its third straight Super Bowl, this time with Jon Lovitz starring in an eerie, Twilight Zone-inspired spot. The commercial is set to run during the game's first commercial break. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a-d2fTXc1hE&feature=youtu.be) BUD LIGHT Bud Light is bringing back Spuds MacKenzie, its former mascot that became an 1980s pop culture icon, to commemorate the dog's first appearance 30 years ago during Super Bowl XXI. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aYeXldMEpV8 BUDWEISER In what is sure to be among the most talked-about spots, Budweiser is paying tribute to its parent company's co-founder, Adolphus Busch, a German-born immigrant. It is one of four spots for Anheuser-Busch InBev NV https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HtBZvl7dIu4 BUSCH Busch is making its Super Bowl debut with a humorous look at the way Anheuser-Busch's value brand's name sounds. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t7XMvq3NLTU FEBREZE Airing in the second quarter, Febreze will make its Super Bowl debut by promoting its OdorClear technology in a way that most football fans can relate: Bathroom breaks. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7gLjYrEDoxw) GODADDY.COM After sitting out last year, GoDaddy returns to the Super Bowl with a decidedly less-racy spot than what viewers usually expect from the web services company, featuring one of the internet's most popular animals. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mao8hwr1Tsw) HONDA MOTOR CO LTD Honda will promote its 2017 CR-V featuring high school yearbook photos of famous celebrities including Tina Fey, Robert Redford and NBA hall of famer Earvin "Magic" Johnson. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f06ng5cII8o HYUNDAI MOTOR COMPANY Technically, the South Korean auto-maker will not have a spot during the Super Bowl, instead opting for a 90-second commercial that will run directly following the final whistle. Filmmaker Peter Berg will produce a 90-second documentary of the Super Bowl. INTEL CORP The technology company will use New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady to showcase its 360-degree video technology, which will also be used by Fox during the game to show replays. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nTw7eten1no) KIA MOTORS CORP Melissa McCarthy will star in the auto-maker's spot, which is set to run during the game's third quarter. Kia released a 15-second teaser for its commercial, which will tout the 2017 Kia Niro, featuring McCarthy running from something in the distance. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6nBAgI3UFGM) MERCEDES-BENZ Joel and Ethan Coen, known for directing films "Fargo" and "No Country for Old Men" make their Super Bowl debut with this spot touting the automaker's AMG GT Roadster. Peter Fonda stars. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BvHFM8c7cPM) MR. CLEAN Procter & Gamble Co's cleaning brand is making its Super Bowl debut this year, with a 30-second spot that humorously shows just much how ladies love a guy who cleans. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DRFeoMMImb0) NINTENDO CO LTD The Japanese gaming company is using its first ever Super Bowl commercial to promote its newest gaming device, the Nintendo Switch. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZUDkrkykvZs) PARAMOUNT PICTURES The Viacom Inc-owned studio confirmed it will run trailers for some of its upcoming films, including "Ghost in the Shell" and "Transformers: The Last Knight." Paramount released the one for "Ghost in the Shell." https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IYrdoQAjcww PEPSICO INC PepsiCo is using its long Super Bowl spot to promote its new purified water brand, Lifewtr, with an inspirational spot featuring music by John Legend. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7i_GEgNchRY) PERSIL The laundry detergent brand is teasing the appearance of a certain "Science Guy" that most U.S. viewers would be familiar with, in its second straight year advertising during the Super Bowl (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IStuVmjeN3s) SKITTLES The Mars Inc brand will use a popular teen-romance trope for its latest Super Bowl commercial: the lovestruck guy trying to get his crush's attention by throwing rocks (except this time it is Skittles) at her upstairs window in the middle of the night. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f8X8Ygy5VjI) SNICKERS Snickers will be the first brand to stage a live commercial during the Super Bowl, which will come during the first break of the third quarter. The Mars Inc company has enlisted "Star Wars" actor Adam Driver for the spot and released a quartet of teasers for the ad. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7JTGJCMoLAE https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vZfoQhRYr0I https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DjkqfVckH60 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3j-EAePMkp0 SPRINT CORP This humorous spot from the telecommunications provider continues its war with Verizon, once again using former Verizon spokesperson Paul Marcarelli, to shows just how far consumers will go to get out of their Verizon bills. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w_8ms2RzSYk) SQUARESPACE For its fourth Super Bowl ad, the publishing tools company has enlisted John Malkovich, who has appeared in prior ads. The spot is humorous take on the actor, and burgeoning fashion designer, attempting to register the domain name, JohnMalkovich.com, only to find someone else already owns it. (The real JohnMalkovich.com, owned by the actor, is hosted by Squarespace.) In addition to the in-game spot, Squarespace will have a 60-second ad running prior to the game. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vNInrUkctc4) TIDE Patriots' tight end Rob Gronkowski may not be able to play in the game due to injury, but he stars alongside actor Jeffrey Tambor in this humorous spot for Proctor & Gamble's detergent brand. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PwJVbaGZggI) T-MOBILE USA INC Rob Gronkowski makes his second Super Bowl commercial appearance, alongside Justin Bieber and former NFL star Terrell Owens as they search for the perfect touchdown dance. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kg_4tX4XwI8 TOYOTA MOTOR CORP The Japanese auto-maker enlisted Minnie Driver to voice its spot touting their Lexus brand's two new vehicles, Lexus LC 500 and LC 500h. The musical spot also features recording artist Sia's "Move Your Body," and movement artist Lil Buck. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_iktzXK4K0&feature=youtu.be) TURBOTAX For its fourth Super Bowl, TurboTax is referencing a very popular children's character: Humpty Dumpty. The 45-second spot sees anthropomorphic egg being attended to after his famous fall, which is humorously blamed using TurboTax. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wgh6K1TXw28) WENDY'S CO Making its Super Bowl debut, the fast-food chain is trying to combat customer sentiment that its beef patties are not made fresh. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nfrmSVZXfuE) WIX.COM LTD The Israeli-based web development platform has recruited film action stars Jason Statham and Gal Gadot in this action-packed commercial, their third Super Bowl spot, about creating businesses in a disruptive world. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1DuMu721ad8) (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Sci/Tech Novel liquid crystal may triple sharpness of TV and VR displays Sci/Tech Bird lovers help scientists discover secrets of beak evolution Sci/Tech Britain may lose Northern Lights by 2050, explains study Sci/Tech Instagram is about to add another dominant feature Sci/Tech Machine beats humans for the first time in poker Sci/Tech Mercedes partners with Uber for self-driving car project Video Shocking: Man climbs fence to avoid paying zoo ticket, gets mauled to death by tiger Balancing Act: Watch Vietnamese circus artist brothers smash an INSANE Guinness World Record ‘Backpack Challenge’ is the new teen craze taking over social media View all Tags SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Advertise Reprint Rights News Romanian president says economy good, investors not threatened TMC protests against Centre over demonetisation, Bandyopadhyay's arrest Germany's Merkel says Europe has its fate in its own hands Congo rebel revival endangers elections - ambassador to U.N. UPDATE 2-Japan readies package for Trump to help create 700,000 U.S. jobs Sport Kevin Pietersen pulls out of IPL-10 owing to excess cricket Kohli is enemy No.1 but sledging will backfire: Hussey NBA-Highlights of Thursday's NBA games IND vs AUS: Mike Hussey warns Australia to avoid angering Virat Kohli Reuters Sports News Summary Entertainment SC to hear 'Jolly LLB-2' matter on Feb. 7 FINALLY! Akshay Kumar BREAKS SILENCE on having ISSUES with Priyanka Chopra Outsiders can't afford to do ordinary work in Bollywood: Vidyut WATCH | 'Hare Krishna Hare Ram' from 'Commando 2': Vidyut Jammwal gives an energetic TWIST to the song! This has deeply affected me: Priyanka on Trump immigration ban Money Steel prices remain steady in thin trade Gram, its dal fall on subdued demand Select base metals slide on muted demand Companies spend over Rs 18,600 cr towards CSR in 2 years Wheat extends losses on ample stocks Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
null
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Main Menu Some Spider Signs with Shareablee for Social Media Intelligence 2 February 2017Military News NEW YORK, Feb. 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Some Spider (owners of Scary Mommy, the largest parenting property in the country and CAFE, news and humor channel reaching over 80 million people monthly), signed a deal with Shareablee Inc., the leading authority on social media measurement and intelligence. Shareablee will provide the online publisher with analytics and rankings of key performance metrics that truly highlight why they are best in breed in this classification. „Scary Mommy has quickly become the leading voice in this space with the most engaged parenting audience on social. This past December, Scary Mommy alone drove over 7 million actions across Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and YouTube — more than 5x that of the next brand. We are thrilled to be working with them as they continue to create some of the most innovative and shared content on social and mobile,” said Gloria Stitt, Head of Marketing & GM of Media at Shareablee. To boot, advertisers have been taking notice with national advertisers like Airbnb, Chrysler, Huggies, and Lego recently running major campaigns. About Some Spider Led by a team that includes the former co-founder of Diapers.com (sold to Amazon), the head of digital at The New York Times and the Entertainment Industry Manager at Facebook, Some Spider is a profitable digital media & entertainment company backed by Marc Lore and Vinit Bharara. We are home to two identity-based channels built for mobile and social: Scary Mommy (the biggest parenting property in the country, reaching over 100 million people each month), and CAFE (2016’s breakout news and humor brand, reaching over 80 million people each month). And we are launching more. For more information, please visit www.somespider.com. About Shareablee, Inc. Shareablee is the first and only industry-level measurement solution for media companies and brands wanting to understand the impact and effectiveness of their cross-platform social media campaigns. The platform is now available globally, with clients in 15 countries worldwide. Shareablee captures real-time interactions of more than +850M consumers against its global dictionary of brands, publishers, TV shows, influencers, celebrities and more. The company will mark its 4th anniversary in February closing 2016 with +230. Shareablee’s roster of platform clients consists of many industry leading media companies and brands, including the NBA, WWE Warner Bros, P&G, Hulu, NBC, AOL and Luxottica. The platform also includes subscribers from leading advertising agencies represented by Publicis, WPP, Maxus and Interpublic Group. In April 2015, Shareablee was named a Unilever Foundry Award winner, and in May 2015, the company was listed among EContent’s Trendsetting Products of 2015. In September of 2016, Shareablee was named an official Facebook Media Solutions Partner. For additional information, please visit www.shareablee.com. Press Contact: Gloria Stitt Gloria@shareablee.com Related Files Shareablee_Ranking_Monthly_Media Publishers Rankings_December 2016_Family.pdf This content was issued through the press release distribution service at Newswire.com. For more info visit: http://www.newswire.com SOURCE Shareablee Posted Under Uncategorized Tagged Celebrities Companies company Contracts Entertainment Home and Garden Humor Industry intelligence major service Space TV Post navigation San Jose, California General Society of Mayflower Descendant, Adam Paul Green (Ancestor Stephen Hopkins / Gen.No. 86,723) Announces New Geneology Support Website for Local Enthusiasts Southern Company Becomes a Member of the International Energy Agency Hydrogen Implementing Agreement (IEA HIA) Search Search for: Partners US Restaurants Copyright © 2017 MilTech. Proudly powered by WordPress. | Theme: Awaken by ThemezHut.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Some Spider Signs with Shareablee for Social Media Intelligence News provided by Shareablee Feb 02, 2017, 12:30 ET Share this article NEW YORK, Feb. 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Some Spider (owners of Scary Mommy, the largest parenting property in the country and CAFE, news and humor channel reaching over 80 million people monthly), signed a deal with Shareablee Inc., the leading authority on social media measurement and intelligence. Shareablee will provide the online publisher with analytics and rankings of key performance metrics that truly highlight why they are best in breed in this classification. "Scary Mommy has quickly become the leading voice in this space with the most engaged parenting audience on social. This past December, Scary Mommy alone drove over 7 million actions across Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and YouTube -- more than 5x that of the next brand. We are thrilled to be working with them as they continue to create some of the most innovative and shared content on social and mobile," said Gloria Stitt, Head of Marketing & GM of Media at Shareablee. To boot, advertisers have been taking notice with national advertisers like Airbnb, Chrysler, Huggies, and Lego recently running major campaigns. Shareablee About Some Spider Led by a team that includes the former co-founder of Diapers.com (sold to Amazon), the head of digital at The New York Times and the Entertainment Industry Manager at Facebook, Some Spider is a profitable digital media & entertainment company backed by Marc Lore and Vinit Bharara. We are home to two identity-based channels built for mobile and social: Scary Mommy (the biggest parenting property in the country, reaching over 100 million people each month), and CAFE (2016's breakout news and humor brand, reaching over 80 million people each month). And we are launching more. For more information, please visit www.somespider.com. About Shareablee, Inc. Shareablee is the first and only industry-level measurement solution for media companies and brands wanting to understand the impact and effectiveness of their cross-platform social media campaigns. The platform is now available globally, with clients in 15 countries worldwide. Shareablee captures real-time interactions of more than +850M consumers against its global dictionary of brands, publishers, TV shows, influencers, celebrities and more. The company will mark its 4th anniversary in February closing 2016 with +230. Shareablee's roster of platform clients consists of many industry leading media companies and brands, including the NBA, WWE Warner Bros, P&G, Hulu, NBC, AOL and Luxottica. The platform also includes subscribers from leading advertising agencies represented by Publicis, WPP, Maxus and Interpublic Group. In April 2015, Shareablee was named a Unilever Foundry Award winner, and in May 2015, the company was listed among EContent's Trendsetting Products of 2015. In September of 2016, Shareablee was named an official Facebook Media Solutions Partner. For additional information, please visit www.shareablee.com. Press Contact: Gloria Stitt Gloria@shareablee.com Related Files Shareablee_Ranking_Monthly_Media Publishers Rankings_December 2016_Family.pdf This content was issued through the press release distribution service at Newswire.com. For more info visit: http://www.newswire.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/some-spider-signs-with-shareablee-for-social-media-intelligence-300401405.html SOURCE Shareablee Related Links https://www.shareablee.com Jan 24, 2017, 16:15 ET Preview: National Geographic Maintains Dominance as Top U.S. Media Publisher, says Shareablee My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 24, 2017, 16:15 ETNational Geographic Maintains Dominance as Top U.S. Media... Nov 22, 2016, 14:37 ETBeauty Retailer Sephora Leads Consumer Engagement on Social in... Explore More news releases in similar topics Electronics Performance Measurement Computer Electronics Multimedia & Internet Social Media Publishing & Information Services You just read: Some Spider Signs with Shareablee for Social Media Intelligence News provided by Shareablee Feb 02, 2017, 12:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Breaking News Health+ Diet + FitnessLiving WellParenting + Family U.S.WorldPoliticsMoneyOpinionHealthEntertainmentTechStyleTravelSportsVideoLive TV Search » U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 2016 Election Washington Nation World Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Stars Screen Binge Culture Media Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Fashion Design Architecture Arts Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV • Digital Studios CNN Films HLN TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. International Español Arabic Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm FacebookTwitterInstagram More toddlers suffer eye burns from laundry packets, study says By Susan Scutti, CNN Updated 3:08 PM ET, Thu February 2, 2017 Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds. Photos: Common household poisons Laundry products – Biting into laundry detergent packets can cause serious injury or even death, according to the National Capital Poison Center. Calls to poison control centers about detergent packets increased 17% from 2013 through 2014, according to an analysis of national data. A study published in 2017 showed an increase in the number of young children with eye injuries linked to the packets. Hide Caption 1 of 9 Photos: Common household poisons Hand sanitizer – Since 2010, poison control center hotlines across the United States have seen a nearly 400% increase in calls related to children younger than 12 ingesting hand sanitizer, according to an analysis by the Georgia Poison Center. Hide Caption 2 of 9 Photos: Common household poisons Personal care products – Cosmetics and personal care products are the leading cause of poison exposures in children younger than 6, according to the American Association of Poison Control Centers. Hide Caption 3 of 9 Photos: Common household poisons Household cleaners – Household cleaning products are the second-leading cause of poison exposures in children younger than 6, according to the American Association of Poison Control Centers. Hide Caption 4 of 9 Photos: Common household poisons Painkillers – Painkillers such as acetaminophen account for 10% of poison exposures in children younger than 6 and 7% of poison exposures in children ages 6 to 12 years, according to the American Association of Poison Control Centers. Hide Caption 5 of 9 Photos: Common household poisons Vitamins and supplements – Some vitamins, such as adult iron supplements, look like candy to children. The amount of iron in an adult tablet can be a toxic dose to a small child, according to the National Capital Poison Center. Hide Caption 6 of 9 Photos: Common household poisons Bug- and weedkillers – Insecticides and weedkillers contain chemicals that are dangerous if ingested. Glyphosate, a chemical in weedkillers, can cause vomiting, breathing difficulties and even death. Hide Caption 7 of 9 Photos: Common household poisons Liquid nicotine – Cigarettes aren't the only smoking-related product that needs to be kept out of reach of kids. Liquid nicotine used to refill e-cigarettes can make a child sick if it is ingested or spilled on skin, according to the Georgia Poison Center. Hide Caption 8 of 9 Photos: Common household poisons Hydrocarbons – Hydrocarbons, such as lighter fluids, can get into a child's lungs when ingested. They can cause coughing, choking, fever, pneumonia and death, according to the National Capitol Poison Center. Hide Caption 9 of 9 Story highlights The number of chemical burns to toddlers from detergent packets increased from 12 in 2012 to 480 in 2015 The detergents "are among the worst chemicals that the eye can be exposed to," researcher says (CNN)From 2012 to 2015, the number of chemical burns to the eye linked to laundry detergent packets rose more than 30 times among young children, a new study says. More than 1,200 3- and 4-year-olds received such burns in that time period, according to the research published Thursday in the medical journal JAMA Ophthalmology. Single-dose detergent packs, known as laundry packets or pods, entered the mass market in 2012. "Each pod consists of a detergent mixture wrapped in a water-soluble film, made up of a proprietary polyvinyl alcohol polymer," said Eric J. Moorhead, president and principal scientist of Good Chemistry LLC, a consulting firm. Laundry detergent pods are 'real risk' to poison kids "The liquid detergent in the pods is not the same as regular liquid detergent. It has a higher concentration of surfactants, chemicals that are responsible for stain removal," said Moorhead, who was not involved in the new study. "At high concentrations, these ordinarily safe ingredients can cause irritation, especially in sensitive areas like the eyes." 'Among the worst chemicals' Read More Among kids between 3 and 4 years old, the number of chemical burns in the eye caused by laundry detergent packets increased from 12 instances in 2012 to 480 in 2015. Proportionally, the total chemical eye injuries associated with the packets increased from 0.8% of all burns in 2012 to 26% in 2015. Children can injure themselves when the packets break and the contents squirt into one or both eyes, or when the contents leak onto the children's hands and they rub their eyes. Most of these burns happened in the home, where kids are playing with the brightly colored packets, "wondering if they're toys, if they're candy," said the lead researcher, Dr. R. Sterling Haring of Johns Hopkins University. They're neither. Laundry packet poisonings increase in kids The detergents inside the pods "are among the worst chemicals that the eye can be exposed to," Haring said: Detergents are alkaline in nature, and alkaline burns are typically more severe than acid burns in the eye. "They penetrate deeper, they burn faster, and they are more caustic to the tissues in the eye itself." Because the cornea doesn't have blood vessels, it doesn't heal well, so if you scar it with detergent packet chemicals, "there's a high risk of long-term vision impairment," Haring said. "We'd done another study a few months ago that showed that small children are at highest risk for all types of chemical ocular burns, and that kind of flew in the face of conventional wisdom," he said. "They always thought that working-age men were the highest risk group: working in factories, splashing chemical in their eyes." Instead, he and his colleagues were surprised to find that young children have a 50% higher risk than the highest-risk adult, Haring said. Once that news got out, community physicians insisted that the cause was laundry detergent packets. Haring and his team discovered that they were right. Their study concludes with recommendations that parents properly store these packets and that manufacturers consider new, redesigned packaging. In essence, these recommendations "are already in play," said Brian Sansoni, vice president of sustainability initiatives at the American Cleaning Institute, which represents the US cleaning products industry. He said the new study analyzed data prior to the new safety standards that were published in December 2015 by ASTM International, formerly American Society for Testing and Materials International, a non-profit that develops voluntary consensus standards for consumer manufacturers. The American Cleaning Institute helped identify proper standards for the packets. Following publication of the safety standards, Procter & Gamble, the company that makes Gain and Tide brand laundry detergent pods, launched ad campaigns to raise awareness of the dangers and made its packaging more difficult for small children to open. Other companies also followed suit. "Make sure you keep these products up and away from children -- like a lot of household products," said Sansoni. What should parents do? Dr. Michael Grosso, chairman of the department of pediatrics and chief medical officer at Northwell Health's Huntington Hospital in Huntington, New York, said parents need to worry about these laundry packets and keep them out of the way. Join the conversation See the latest news and share your comments with CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter. "It's not only eye injuries. Children will also swallow these," said Grosso, who was not involved in the study. Eye injuries caused by the packets "can be quite serious," he added. "The majority of individuals will recover their vision after this kind of injury," he said. However, these burns can be "very, very painful. They require extensive emergency treatment and extensive follow-up treatment by an ophthalmologist." The first thing parents should do is "prevent this by keeping these pods out of the way. They need to be kept up high in cabinets beyond the reach of a preschool child, the group that's most at risk." If a child does get detergent in their eye, a parent should immediately irrigate the child's eyes. "Cool tap water, as much as possible, as soon as possible," Grosso said. "And then the very next step would be a trip to the emergency department." Haring echoed this advice. "Take your child and put their eye under cool water under the faucet and flush it with cool water for 20 minutes," he said, noting that if the burn is extremely severe, some loss of vision could occur. "Don't stop and take them to the hospital. Don't call and wait for an ambulance to show up. Flush the eye with cool water before you do anything else," Haring said. "That's going to be the deciding factor about long-term outcome for this injury." Content by LendingTree Rates now at 3.2% APR (15 Yr Fixed). Do you qualify? Fastest way to pay off $10,000 in credit card debt Can you save on your mortgage? The amazing VA benefits not enough vets are claiming People are stockpiling miles with this insane credit card Paid Partner Content Top 7 cards for excellent credit NextAdvisor Save on hotels around the world with Booking.com Booking.com 30-day free trial with Daily Burn Daily Burn 10 mind-blowing credit cards charging 0% interest until 2018 NextAdvisor Trump's plan could make investors very wealthy The Motley Fool Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 2016 Election Washington Nation World Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Stars Screen Binge Culture Media Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Fashion Design Architecture Arts Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV Digital Studios CNN Films HLN TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. Edition Set edition preference: U.S. International Confirm U.S. International Arabic Español © 2017 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network. Terms of Use Privacy Policy AdChoices About us Visit CNN Newsletters Work for us Help Transcripts License Footage CNN Newsource
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Main Menu Some Spider Signs with Shareablee for Social Media Intelligence 2 February 2017Military News New York, NY – February 2, 2017 – (Newswire.com) ​​Some Spider (owners of Scary Mommy, the largest parenting property in the country and CAFE, news and humor channel reaching over 80 million people monthly), signed a deal with Shareablee Inc., the leading authority on social media measurement and intelligence. Shareablee will provide the online publisher with analytics and rankings of key performance metrics that truly highlight why they are best in breed in this classification. “Scary Mommy has quickly become the leading voice in this space with the most engaged parenting audience on social. This past December, Scary Mommy alone drove over 7 million actions across Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and YouTube — more than 5x that of the next brand. We are thrilled to be working with them as they continue to create some of the most innovative and shared content on social and mobile,” said Gloria Stitt, Head of Marketing & GM of Media at Shareablee.  To boot, advertisers have been taking notice with national advertisers like Airbnb, Chrysler, Huggies, and Lego recently running major campaigns. About Some Spider Led by a team that includes the former co-founder of Diapers.com (sold to Amazon), the head of digital at The New York Times and the Entertainment Industry Manager at Facebook, Some Spider is a profitable digital media & entertainment company backed by Marc Lore and Vinit Bharara. We are home to two identity-based channels built for mobile and social: Scary Mommy (the biggest parenting property in the country, reaching over 100 million people each month), and CAFE (2016’s breakout news and humor brand, reaching over 80 million people each month). And we are launching more. For more information, please visit www.somespider.com.  About Shareablee, Inc. Shareablee is the first and only industry-level measurement solution for media companies and brands wanting to understand the impact and effectiveness of their cross-platform social media campaigns. The platform is now available globally, with clients in 15 countries worldwide. Shareablee captures real-time interactions of more than +850M consumers against its global dictionary of brands, publishers, TV shows, influencers, celebrities and more. The company will mark its 4th anniversary in February closing 2016 with +230. Shareablee’s roster of platform clients consists of many industry leading media companies and brands, including the NBA, WWE Warner Bros, P&G, Hulu, NBC, AOL and Luxottica. The platform also includes subscribers from leading advertising agencies represented by Publicis, WPP, Maxus and Interpublic Group. In April 2015, Shareablee was named a Unilever Foundry Award winner, and in May 2015, the company was listed among EContent’s Trendsetting Products of 2015. In September of 2016, Shareablee was named an official Facebook Media Solutions Partner. For additional information, please visit www.shareablee.com. Press Contact:  Gloria Stitt ​​Gloria@shareablee.com Related Files Shareablee_Ranking_Monthly_Media Publishers Rankings_December 2016_Family.pdf Press Release Service by Newswire.com Original Source: Some Spider Signs with Shareablee for Social Media Intelligence Posted Under Uncategorized Tagged Celebrities Companies company Entertainment Home and Garden Humor Industry intelligence major service Space TV Uncategorized Post navigation Liberty Counsel Attorney Testifies Against LGBT Law Mapleton, UTAH FillCo Private Label Manufacturer (FillCo.com) Introduces Buyout, Sale and Purchase of All Intellectual and Physical Assets by “Innovative Flexpak” www.innovativeflexpak.com/contact-Us-2/ (Effective 2016) Search Search for: Partners US Restaurants Copyright © 2017 MilTech. Proudly powered by WordPress. | Theme: Awaken by ThemezHut.
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Main Menu Davis Names Top-25 Brand Leaders for 2016 2 February 2017Military News ATLANTA, Feb. 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Davis® Brand Capital today released the eighth annual Davis Brand Capital 25 ranking, a global study of overall brand performance evaluating companies’ abilities to successfully manage brand value, competitive performance, innovation strength, company culture and social impact. The 2016 Davis Brand Capital 25 ranked companies again beat all public market indexes. A hypothetical stock portfolio of Davis Brand Capital 25 companies would have returned 17.4% in 2016[i], beating the Dow by 2.2 percentage points, the S&P 500 by 6.2 percentage points and the NASDAQ by 7.6 percentage points. After five years atop the list, Apple (#2) lost its number one spot to Alphabet (#1), due in part to Google’s increasing dominance and Apple’s slowing sales. Microsoft (#3), IBM (#4) and General Electric Company (#5) round out this year’s top five. Technology, specifically artificial intelligence (AI), spread across multiple industries. Automotive brands, including Toyota Motor Corporation (#6) and Ford Motor Company (#15), made strides in autonomous vehicle programs. Alphabet’s Google Home and Amazon’s (#10) Echo brought accessible AI into consumers’ daily lives, while Citigroup (#24) explored machine-learning algorithms in banking. Industry rivals had a decisive shakeout on the 2016 list. Daimler AG (#7) beat its Bavarian rival, BMW AG (#12), largely due to the Mercedes-Benz nameplate. The Coca-Cola Company (#13) outperformed PepsiCo (#16), settling the 2016 cola wars. The retail landscape shifted in 2016, with LVMH and Walmart falling off the list entirely, and CVS Health (#22) making its debut. The Procter & Gamble Company (#8), Johnson & Johnson (#14) and Nestlé S.A. (#19) all secured positions on 2016’s list, signaling a strong consumer mainstream. „We believe a comprehensive view of brand is most valuable today,” said Patrick T. Davis, founder and chief executive officer at Davis Brand Capital. „How talent values employer brands is just as important as how shoppers may prefer one consumer brand more than another. Now, the social impact of a brand is just as important as the financial strength of a brand. Great companies with great brand managers know this, and grow their brand capital across a full spectrum of factors and audiences,” he said. To read the full report of the 2016 Davis Brand Capital 25, visit davisbrandcapital.com. 2016 Davis Brand Capital 25 [1] YTD period represents January 4, 2016 to December 31, 2016 Davis Brand Capital develops, manages, licenses, values and invests in leading brands worldwide. Founded in 1996, the firm is headquartered in Atlanta, with operations in New York, St. Louis and Washington, DC (affiliate). For more information, visit www.davisbrandcapital.com or call 404-347-7778. CONTACT Jennifer Cullen (404) 347-7778 ext 720 jlcullen@davisbrandcapital.com SOURCE Davis Brand Capital Posted Under Uncategorized Tagged Automotive Companies company Culture general Health Home and Garden Industry intelligence Markets officer Surveys, Polls and Research Technology Post navigation Swedish Healthcare Consortium to Provide Elsevier’s ClinicalKey to Clinicians Across Entire Country The Rise of Concierge Medicine: Saving the Independent Physician Search Search for: Partners US Restaurants Copyright © 2017 MilTech. Proudly powered by WordPress. | Theme: Awaken by ThemezHut.
Home Entertainment BellaNaija Ladun Liadi Linda Ikeji Nigerian Newspapers Daily Times Guardian Newspaper National Mirror Punch Newspaper The Nation Newspaper Nigerian Pilot Newspaper Vanguard Newspaper Nigeria News PM News Premium Times TV Stations Channels TV Lagos Television TVC News TV Continental Videos Music Videos Notjustok Tooxclusive News Videos YOHAIG Think YOruba HAusa IGbo SMEs urged to strengthen products certification with barcodes Posted February 2, 2017 2:51 am by admin Comments By Franklin Alli MANUFACTURERS of locally made products, especially in the micro, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs) sector of the economy have been urged to strengthen the seals of quality on their products with bar codes marking. This is to enable the products not only to be locally competitive but to be able to play in the global markets. In Nigeria, government bodies that issues marks of quality on products are Standards Organisation of Nigeria (SON) and National Agency for Food, Drugs Control and Administration (NAFDAC). While SON issues Nigeria Industrial Standard (NIS) MANCAP and SONCAP to players in the sector, NAFDAC is known for its Number on products that have met its certification requirements. Certification requirements Mr. Babatunde Odunlami, CEO of GS1 Nigeria, a firm that issues bar codes on products in Nigeria, said this in an interview with Vanguard. He said beyond NIS and NAFDAC numbers, bar coding is needed to really put Nigerian products on the shelves of global chain stores the like of South Africa’s Shoprite, Wal-Mart, an American multinational retailing corporation that operates as a chain of department stores, and grocery stores and UK Tesco. “There is need for Nigerian companies to add barcodes on their products. Take NAFDAC number for example, once you travel out of Nigeria, is it of any use? It is no longer useful. It is only useful in this country, extremely useful in this country because it can save a lot of lives but once you cross this border to Benin Republic, it is of no use except if the Benin government comes up and says we trust the standard that NAFDAC is giving. Multinationals like Unilever, Procter & Gamble, Nestle, etc., are selling their products in the global landscape because they understand the need to have barcodes on their products,” Odunlami said. He disclosed that the technology and everything that is needed for barcodes is available here and the knowledge is also here. “There are over 110 countries that we can liaise with and to a large extent, whatever is done by GS1 Nigeria has a global outlook because the supply chains that we work with always have a global impacts. It is not something that only works for Nigeria: it is something that works globally ad has advantage for Nigeria. So, we can end up with a situation whereby some specific requirements for Nigeria that also makes it very relevant to our local needs,” he said. According to him, bar coding makes smooth entry into the global market place possible, adding that chain stores rely on bar codes for analysis of sales, for performance, product recalls, etc. “Any company that has a GS1 barcode on his or her product can actually export. Your product can sit on the shelf of Wal-Mart, Tesco, Shoprite, and all this big retail chains, because you can’t even sell to them without barcodes. With bar codes, you can list on Amazon. So, barcodes are important. Why are they important? It is a way to say that I am the one behind this product and I give this product 100 percent certification and assurance that whatever happen to it, traces it back to me. People who do good business don’t hide; it is only those who counterfeit and produce things illegally that hide. If you are doing something good and making profit from it, you should be able to stand behind your product. That is the way I see the barcode keys; it is a way for brand owners to stand behind their products and say this is mine, if anything happen, you can trace it back to me  through the supply chains,” he said. The post SMEs urged to strengthen products certification with barcodes appeared first on Vanguard News. What do you think? Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Related posts: NatnudO Chicken Gets NAFDAC Certification The poultry value chain of Nigeria’s agricultural sector got a boost recently with the certification of the chicken product of... NAFDAC bans unregistered herbal products National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control, NAFDAC, yesterday, warned that it would not tolerate unauthorized manufacture, sale... Upperlink gets CMMI certification UPPERLINK, a local software and e-payment solutions development has been certified with Capability Maturity Model Integration [CMMI] in compliance with... NAFDAC Destroys Fake Products In Abuja The National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC), has destroyed expired and counterfeit medicines and other regulated... NAFDAC warns supermarket operators to adhere to global listing provisions National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control, NAFDAC, has warned supermarket operators to adhere strictly to all the... Don’t purchase expiring products – NAFDAC The National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC) has advised consumers against purchasing expiring products. The Jigawa... NAFDAC destroys N1bn worth of fake products The National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC), Thursday destroyed fake, substandard and expired drugs estimated at... NAFDAC destroys N25m fake products in Kogi IN its quest to stem the tide in trade of fake products in the society,National Food and Drugs Administration and... FirstBank acheives complaints management ISO certification First Bank of Nigeria Limited has again achieved an international certification on Complaints Management. The certification was achieved on the... SON reviews mandatory certification coding system to tackle abuse SON Following discoveries bordering on the abuse of its Nigerian Industrial Standards (NIS) and the Mandatory Conformity Assessment Programme (MANCAP)... < YOHAIG home CategoriesSelect CategoryEntertainment   BellaNaija   Ladun Liadi   Linda Ikeji   Stella Dimoko KorkusLatest NewsMobile Phones   Tecno PhonesNigeria Forum   NairalandNigeria News   PM News   Premium Times   Sahara ReportersNigerian Newspapers   Daily Independent   Daily Post   Daily Times   Guardian Newspaper   National Mirror   Nigerian Pilot Newspaper   Punch Newspaper   Sun Newspaper   The Nation Newspaper   Vanguard NewspaperSports Betting   1960bet   Bet9jaTV Stations   Channels TV   Lagos Television   Ogun State Television   TV Continental   TVC NewsVideos   Music Videos      Notjustok      Tooxclusive   News Videos Search for: Sports Betting Bet9ja.com 1960bet.com Merrybet.com Contact Us | Copyright | Disclaimer | Privacy | T&C Office Address: YOHAIG - 7 Morenike Carrena Close, Off Old Otta Road, Orile Agege, Lagos State, Nigeria. Telephone:+2348085257512
site: media | arena: nfl | pageType: stories | section: news | slug: 2017-super-bowl-commercials-watch-latest-leaked-ads-best-and-worst-of-all-time | sport: football | 6-keys: media/spln/nfl/reg/free/stories CBSSports.com 247Sports MaxPreps SportsLine Shop Follow CBS Sports CBS Sports Home Fantasy NFL NBA NCAA FB NCAA BB MLB Golf NHL Soccer MMA Tennis Boxing Olympics High School  CBS Local Sites  NASCAR  Horse Racing  Tough Mudder  Arena Football  Bowling  Tickets  Home Scores Schedule Super Bowl Standings Fantasy Teams Stats Expert Picks Odds Prisco's Picks Injuries Transactions Players Power Rankings NFL Draft PFB Rundown Home Scores Schedule Super Bowl Standings Fantasy Teams Stats Expert Picks Odds  Prisco's Picks Injuries Transactions Players Power Rankings NFL Draft PFB Rundown Play Games Play Now FANTASY BASEBALL Play Now FANTASY BASKETBALL Visit your Leagues Fantasy Basketball Fantasy Hockey Fantasy Football Fantasy Baseball See All Sports Games Watch Latest from CBS Sports Network Watch CBS Sports Network College Basketball Live Fantasy Football Today TV Shows & Listings CBSSN Channel Finder  Pro FB Rundown CFB Rundown College Sports Live 247Sports Live Reiter Than You Sports Minute All Videos Listen CBS Sports Radio Listen Live  Fantasy Baseball Today Searching for Breakouts and Amazing Team Names  17h ago CBS Sports Radio Roundup  Podcasts The Doug Gottlieb Show  The Jim Rome Show  Log In My Teams Organize / See All Teams Help Account Settings Log Out Up next: 2017 Super Bowl commercials: Watch latest leaked ads, best and worst of all time 2017 Super Bowl commercials: Watch latest leaked ads, best and worst of all time Get a head start on this year's most talked-about ad spots from Super Bowl LI by R.J. White @rjwhite1 13h ago • 7 min read With all the hype surrounding Super Bowl LI between the Patriots and the Falcons, there's another part of the big game that draws Monday morning water cooler buzz. The Super Bowl is appointment viewing each year for football fans, pitting the final two teams standing against each other to determine that season's NFL champion. But for non-football fans, the Super Bowl is also a must-watch experience, if for nothing else than the ads throughout the game. More Super Bowl How to watch it TV schedule Team uniforms National anthem Halftime show How do you know that everyone will be watching? Just look at what advertisers are willing to pay to get their 30-second spot in front of a Super Bowl audience: Buying a 30-second spot will cost over $5 million on average, according to Variety. While some advertisers wait to make their big reveal during the game and others come up with a unique plan on how to make every penny spent count (more on that in a minute), others make their ads available to watch before kickoff. Below is more on what you can expect to see on Super Bowl Sunday, as well as the best and worst Super Bowl commercials of all-time. Commercials for Super Bowl LI Snickers This isn't the actual Snickers ad, but there's a very good reason for that: the company will be shooting their commercial, which features "Star Wars" star Adam Driver, live. Here's their teaser for the spot: Advertising Age reports that it's the first time a commercial will be shown live during the Super Bowl since 1981, when Schiltz ran a live taste test during Super Bowl XV. Intel The tech company enlisted Patriots quarterback Tom Brady for their commercial: Intel also managed a little bit of luck, as they debuted their commercial well before Brady and his team earned their spot in the big game. Buffalo Wild Wings B-Dubs is teaming up with Packers great Brett Favre on a series of spots leading up to their commercial during Super Bowl LI. Here's the first: You can follow the man himself on Twitter to keep up with the campaign. Squarespace The website builder/domain hosting company follows John Malkovich's quest to sign up for a URL: Squarespace's Super Bowl spots have previously featured Jeff Bridges, Keegan-Michael Key and Jordan Peele. Lexus The car manufacturer is going with a dance-themed ad to promote the 2018 LC 500 performance coupe. Here's an extended version of the spot: If the performer looks familiar, it's because Lil' Buck is also in the Apple AirPods commercial that debuted this January. Skittles The candy company may wind up with the biggest buzz of all Super Bowl commercials by the time the game is over. Here's a look: It's already appeared on YouTube's list of trending videos and had amassed more than 500,000 by Wednesday afternoon after going live the previous day. GoDaddy After years of being known for their risque ads, the Internet service provider has gone lighter in recent years. They appear to be continuing in that vein with this year's spot. Here are several teasers for their Super Bowl ad: The actual Super Bowl ad will turn "The Internet" into a person. Don't anticipate a famous celebrity playing the role, per Advertising Age. TurboTax The tax preparation company dropped their first teaser during Sunday's AFC Championship Game, featuring none other than Humpty Dumpty: Two additional teasers are scheduled leading up to the company's 45-second Super Bowl spot, per Advertising Age. Wix.com The website builder's ad answers a very important question: What happens when Wonder Woman meets The Transporter? The ad above debuted on YouTube Live and Facebook Live amassed more than 2 million views on YouTube in the eight days since its release. Kia The auto company will be advertising its 2017 Kia Niro during the game, but they dropped a 15-second teaser this week: Melissa McCarthy, star of the long-running CBS sitcom "Mike & Molly," features in the spot. Mr. Clean The official cleaner of Super Bowl LI, Mr. Clean released their official Super Bowl commercial on YouTube: It's Procter & Gamble's first Super Bowl ad ever for the iconic character, USA Today reports. Avocados from Mexico The avocado awareness organization features Jon Lovitz in their hypnotic teaser for this year's offering: The organization earned plenty of buzz for its first Super Bowl ad in 2015 featuring the "First Draft Ever." Mercedes-Benz The car company debuted a 1-minute version of their Coen Brothers-directed Super Bowl ad on YouTube on Friday: Peter Fonda stars in the ad for the Mercedes-AMG GT Roadster. Buick Hey look, it's Cam Newton playing Pee Wee football! Miranda Kerr also shows up to coach the NFL star in the spot for the auto company. Wonderful Pistachios The pistachio company will run two 15-second ads during the Super Bowl, including a new spot called "Treadmill": The ad will run during the first quarter, per Advertising Age. Wendy's The fast-food restaurant drew attention recently for roasting critics on social media, and the spat that started it all gets a callback for their Super Bowl spot: Lesson: Be sure you know your facts before you engage in Twitter trollery. Nintendo The video game company is debuting its first ever Super Bowl commercial to promote their new gaming system: Longtime fans of the company should love all the details crammed into the spot. Sprint Going morbid hasn't worked out well for companies (which we'll get into in our Worst Ad Ever section), but that didn't stop Sprint from scheduling this spot for the Super Bowl: The cell carrier plans to release an alternate version after the game, per Advertising Age. Ford Rather than promote a specific vehicle, the auto company will try and intrigue with its vision of the future: In related news, Ford announced its "FordHub NYC" experience. LIFEWTR PepsiCo's new bottled water breaks out the star power for "Inspiration Drops": Two-time Oscar winner Robert Stromberg directs the spot with music from John Legend. King's Hawaiian This will be the first-even Super Bowl ad for the Hawaiian food company: Look for it in the fourth quarter. Audi The auto maker jumps into the political fray with their spot about equal pay: "Daughter" is slated to air during the third quarter. FIJI Water The Wonderful Company is reportedly using an existing ad for the water brand's first-ever Super Bowl spot: It'll be the second spot of the day for the company, known for its pistachios. Budweiser In the commercial sure to stir up the most debate at your Super Bowl party, the beer giant is tapping into the recent immigration debate with "Born the Hard Way": Filmed in New Orleans, the spot is sure to spur a visceral reaction for many. Febreze The odor-buster attempts to capture the thing everyone at your Super Bowl party is thinking with "Halftime Bathroom Break": Turning away from the TV at halftime, of course, means missing a chance to see Lady Gaga's performance. KFC One Colonel Sanders isn't enough for the fast-food company in this Super Bowl spot: That's Rob Riggle, who has previously starred in KFC's ads, and Billy Zane. T-Mobile The cell company calls upon Rob Gronkowski, Terrell Owens and a bespectacled Justin Bieber for this year's Super Bowl spot: Send T-Mobile your touchdown dances and they could be retweeted by Bieber himself, which is something. Tiffany & Co. The jewelry company is tapping Super Bowl LI halftime performer Lady Gaga for their spot. Here's a preview: You can read more about Gaga's plans for halftime here. Top five Super Bowl ads ever 5. Volkswagen (2011) Of all the more recent ad spots, this one sticks out: Can you get any more adorable than a mini-Darth Vader trying to use The Force? 4. Budweiser (1989) The first Bud Bowl was held during Super Bowl XXIII: The spot would have seven sequels throughout the '90s in arguably the most memorable long-running ad campaign in Super Bowl history. 3. Apple (1984) While not as sports-centric as most of the top ads on this list, there's no denying the debut of the Apple Macintosh its spot: The Super Bowl spot was the only time Apple ran this ad, which is arguably among the top commercials of all time. 2. McDonald's (1993) The fast-food company landed a pair of iconic NBA stars to battle over their burgers and fries: I'd watch these two go at it in a head-to-head shooting contest today. Get on it, McDonald's. 1. Coca-Cola (1980) Could it be anything else? Often imitated but never duplicated, Mean Joe Greene's Coke commercial launched 37 years of must-see Super Bowl commercial viewing. Worst Super Bowl ad ever Fortune.com has a great list of terrible Super Bowl ads worth checking out. While many didn't work due to insensitive takes on race, death and other topics and deserve consideration, one was proud to declare itself the worst commercial ever. Despite having no reason to offend, Lifeminders.com is just that: Unsurprisingly, the website didn't stick around for the long haul. Add a comment Add a comment Conversation powered by Livefyre Show Comments Hide Comments CBS Sports Store NFL Cold Weather Gear Plus: NFL New Era Hats NFL Nike Gear NFL Ladies Gear More NFL Sports Gear Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Our Latest Stories Manziel sounds serious about a comeback The former first-round pick was in Houston for Super Bowl week Manziel looks good in public return The former Browns quarterback showed up for the first time in a while and looked good Freeney misses practice with calf injury Freeney missed practice with a calf issue but should be good to go for Sunday McKnight's alleged killer indicted McKnight, a former NFL running back, was shot and killed in December 2017 Super Bowl weather forecast Will the weather play a factor in Super Bowl LI? 51 wild props for Super Bowl LI The Super Bowl offers a great opportunity to bet on different things Help About Us Careers Advertise Site Map Newsletters Mobile Apps College Network Ad Choice Closed Captioning Privacy Terms Mobile User Agreement © 2004-2017 CBS Interactive. All Rights Reserved. CBS Sports is a registered trademark of CBS Broadcasting Inc. Commissioner.com is a registered trademark of CBS Interactive Inc. Images by Getty Images and US Presswire
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Lowdown: Super Bowl LI Edition With Wendy's, Pizza Hut, Skittles, Snickers and More 16 minutes ago Array 0 Super Bowl Reruns? Coke Poised to Run Previously Aired Ads By E.J. Schultz - 2 hours ago Array 0 Facebook's Ad Business Rolls as Profits Top $10 Billion in 2016 By Garett Sloane - 2 hours ago Array 0 Apple Attracts New iPhone Fans as Existing Owners Await Upgrade 4 hours ago Array 0 See How Audi Plugs Gender Equality in Super Bowl Spot By E.J. Schultz - 6 hours ago Array 0 Super Bowl Reruns? Coke Poised to Run Previously Aired Ads By E.J. Schultz - 2 hours ago 0 See How Audi Plugs Gender Equality in Super Bowl Spot By E.J. Schultz - 6 hours ago 0 Watch John Malkovich Try to Reclaim His (Domain) Name in Squarespace's Super Bowl Ad By Jeanine Poggi - 9 hours ago 0 Avocados From Mexico Kicks Off Nutritional Campaign With Super Bowl Spot By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 8 hours ago 0 Behind Hyundai's Real-Time Super Bowl Ad Production By E.J. Schultz - 10 hours ago 0 P&G Tells Digital to Clean Up, Lays Down New Rules for Agencies and Ad Tech to Get Paid By Jack Neff - 2 days ago 0 See Budweiser's Super Bowl Ad About an Immigrant's Tale By E.J. Schultz - Yesterday 0 How a Millennial Mindset Is Helping This 116-Year-Old Retailer By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 2 days ago 0 GNC Super Bowl Commercial Rejected by NFL By Judann Pollack and Nathan Skid - Yesterday 0 Ford's Super Bowl Ad Is About a Lot More Than Car Sales By E.J. Schultz - 2 days ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Lowdown: Super Bowl LI Edition With Wendy's, Pizza Hut, Skittles, Snickers and More Published on February 01, 2017. The Lowdown is Ad Age's weekly look at news nuggets from across the world of marketing, including trends, campaign tidbits, executive comings and goings and more. Welcome to the Super Bowl LI edition of Lowdown where we take a look at some ways in-game advertisers and those that aren't in the game are trying to seize on advertising's biggest day. Wendy's is in the Super Bowl for the first time. But of course, having a Super Bowl spot is not enough to generate the buzz brands are hoping for with their big spending. Wendy's is teasing its "Othr Guyz" ad and increasing the chatter about its campaign with an Instagram stories beta. The full-screen ad content, set to go live Thursday, gives tips on what viewers can do with frozen beef, tying into the brand's fresh, never-frozen beef messaging and the way its 30-second spot pokes fun at other brands that use the frozen stuff. The video plays so quickly on Instagram that it is nearly impossible to see the suggestions. But if one pauses the video, each idea freezes on the screen. Wendy's other plans tied to the game include Facebook and other social partners, plus an "Othr Guyz" site. Its in-game spot, released Monday, is set to air during the first half. Other brands are playing up their presence with the help of football stars. Pizza Hut reunited with former employee DeAngelo Williams, better known as a Pittsburgh Steelers running back, for its digital campaign tied to the big game. The pizza chain takes a humorous approach to its preparation for game day delivery, showing Mr. Williams timing a guy on "Pizza Combine" drills such as running to the door with a pizza box. Three videos are running on YouTube and Pizza Hut's social channels, and being distributed and promoted by Onion Studios. It is the pizza chain's first partnership with the humor brand's studio arm. Pizza Hut has said it added thousands of workers to help ensure it can, well, deliver well during the Super Bowl. It predicts it will sell more than 2 million pizzas on Super Bowl Sunday. Skittles, meanwhile, turned to retired Seattle Seahawks star and longtime Skittles fan Marshawn Lynch for its digital push leading up to the Super Bowl. The Wrigley brand, which is an official NFL sponsor, sent Mr. Lynch to Houston, Scotland, to talk to locals before the game, which takes place in Houston, Texas. His video has had well over 400,000 YouTube views without paid support, largely driven by earned-media coverage from outlets including ESPN, Mashable and Breitbart. The video comes from Olson Engage, in collaboration with AKA Media and DDB Chicago. Skittles also has a spot during the game, from adam&eveDDB. Meanwhile, Snickers announced the lineup for its 36-hour livestream that leads up to its live commercial during the third quarter of Super Bowl LI. Adam Driver, who is set to appear in the spot itself, is not a surprise star for the livestream, which begins Thursday at 12 p.m. ET. Those who remember the candy brand's Super Bowl XLIV commercial might want to tune in Thursday to see Betty White. Others set to appear on the SNICKERSLive.com airing include WWE stars The Miz and Maryse, NFL wide receiver A.J. Green and YouTube stars Kandee Johnson and Tyler Oakley. The live stream concept comes from BBDO New York, the agency behind the commercial, and is being produced in partnership with Facebook Creative Shop. "We think our fans will instantly recognize we've put the same amount of time and energy into creating this 36-hour live experience that we regularly put into our 30-second commercials," Snickers Brand Director Allison Miazga-Bedrick said in a statement, calling the live stream "the cornerstone" of the brand's strategy to leverage its live Super Bowl ad. TGI Fridays is upping its Twitter game in time to run a penny promotion tied to Super Bowl Sunday, which it said is both the busiest day for Twitter and for restaurant carryout orders. Fridays is now taking orders via Twitter, and will give an appetizer for a penny to anyone who tweets a football emoji at @TGIFridays on Sunday. Fridays said its Twitter ordering works through a partnership with Conversable. The promotion will end once 51,000 special codes have been redeemed. Annie's Organic for Everybunny campaign Credit: Annie's Organic Annie's Homegrown, which markets macaroni and cheese and other products with bunny characters and in bunny shapes, hopes bunnies can win over people like the puppies in the Puppy Bowl have done. On Friday, the General Mills brand is introducing a Bunny Bowl, set to be live-streamed on its Facebook page from a miniature stadium in the Bay Area. The bunnies in the bowl come from Rabbit Ears Rescue and will be available for adoption after the event. As Ad Age previously reported, Toyota is sitting out the Super Bowl this year and will not run a national spot. But the automaker is planning to make a targeted ad play during the game for its Mirai fuel cell vehicle. A new ad called "Daisy" will run in San Francisco and Los Angeles. The spot shows the Mirai depositing water onto a dying daisy growing out of a road. "Its only emission is water," states a voiceover. "Sunday's game provides a great opportunity to showcase new Mirai fuel cell vehicle creative in two key markets, Los Angeles and San Francisco," Nathan Kokes, Mirai marketing manager, said in a statement. "With the Mirai currently only available in California, we're excited to share the Mirai message, 'Vehicle of Change' with our current owners and potential Mirai customers in the Golden State." Toyota lead agency Saatchi & Saatchi L.A. handled the spot. Now for some non-Super Bowl news ... People have been using ranch dressing well beyond the salad in recent years, for example, as a ketchup substitute on french fries, or drizzling it on hot dogs and hamburgers. Now Clorox Co. is making that idea the centerpiece of its new "Ranch Out" campaign, the first for Hidden Valley Ranch since Dentsu Aegis became the brand's agency last year. Marketing Director Brian Steinbach acknowledged the brand is taking its inspiration from consumers. The effort includes TV, digital, social media, shopper marketing and PR, including a #RanchOut hashtag. Unilever brands have poked serious fun lately at Donald Trump and his administration from the seemingly safe distance of the U.K. First, Pot Noodle launched a video showing a multi-married Brit leveraging a hotel empire, inflammatory social media posts and reality TV fame into a job he's totally unqualified for – president of the United States. This is absurd, of course, because a Brit can't be POTUS. Then Dove launched a print campaign of "alternative facts," such as the assertion that its antiperspirant can raise your IQ by 40 points. Unilever CEO Paul Polman was a bit more conciliatory when asked on Unilever's fourth-quarter earnings conference call with media last week if he was worried about Mr. Trump's impact. "We have been in the United States more than 100 years, and we always have been focused on making America great with our products," he said. Unilever products sold in the U.S. are produced here, he said, and its employees are American. He even said the rise in the U.S. stock market and consumer confidence since the election could provide a sales lift, and expressed hope for a new trade agreement between the U.K. and U.S. amid the former's Brexit from the European Union. Speaking on Procter & Gamble Co.'s earnings conference call with media last month, Chief Financial Officer Jon Moeller said the company expects to fare well from tax reform being considered by various branches of the new Republican government. He also said China is such a strong market that it's hard to believe any change in U.S. policy under Mr. Trump could hurt. Mr. Moeller cited China's underlying growth, shifts toward more premium products and more of a consumption-driven vs. manufacturing driven economy, and move away from the "one child" policy as significant positives for P&G. "It's hard for me to believe as I sit here today that those positives would be overcome in any significant way by U.S. policy objectives," he said. What was a novelty until a few months ago is fast becoming standard industry practice, as Coty's Rimmel has signed a male to pitch its products – 17-year-old YouTuber Lewys Ball in its recent #LiveTheLondonLook video. Mr. Ball joins James Charles, pitchman for Coty sibling CoverGirl, and Manny Gutierrez, pitching L'Oreal's Maybelline. The movement also has engendered some backlash: Conservative Christian blogger Matt Walsh wrote a post – citing Messers. Gutierrez and Charles, for The Blaze saying dads "can't expect our sons to become real men if we don't teach them how." Mr. Gutierrez, a.k.a. Manny Mua, responded by posting a text from his dad: "I've always been there for my son and will ALWAYS be there for him." Citi is pumping up the volume on its music integrations. The bank just announced Citi Sound Vault, a live-music platform where cardmembers can attend exclusive performances and get backstage access. Upcoming concerts from Sting, Metallica and Beck will kick off the initiative, of which Live Nation is a partner. The new programming is the next step in Citi's long-standing strategy of offering more music to its members. Albertsons Cos late last month named Narayan Iyengar as senior VP-digital marketing and e-commerce. He is responsible for digital marketing including loyalty programs, shopper marketing, the company's overall digital presence and its e-commerce business, including home delivery. Albertsons runs grocery stores under names including Albertsons and Safeway. Mr. Iyengar was previously VP of e-commerce and digital travel trade at Walt Disney Co. Contributing: Jessica Wohl, Jack Neff, E.J. Schultz, Adrianne Pasquarelli In this article: CMO Strategy Celebrity Packaged Food Restaurants Retail Social Sports Marketing TV Most Popular Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Skip to content Home About Us Advertise With Us contact us Search for: Friday 03 February Friday 03 February Follow @vanguardngrnews Vanguard News A Nigerian newspaper and Online version of the Vanguard, a daily publication in Nigeria covering Niger delta, general national news, politics, business, energy, sports, entertainment, fashion,lifestyle human interest stories, etc Search for: Home News Headlines Sports #Vanguardtraffic Politics Business Finance Tech Motoring Entertainment Allure Editorial Viewpoint Forum Jobs Columns Sports Bassey People & Politics Rational Perspectives Broken Links Article of Faith Tuesday Platform Pini Jason Talking Point Hakeem Baba-Ahmad For Crying Out Loud People & Politics Is’haq Modibbo Kawu The Hub Sweet and Sour My Layman’s View Onochie Anibeze Tonye Princewill Crisp Shots The Passing Scene Soul Kate Stomach Democracy Sunday Perspectives My World Frankly Speaking The Orbit The Spectrum Nigeria Today Vista Woman Voice of Reason Moment to Moment Article of Faith Relationships More Breaking News Translate Home » Business » SMEs urged to strengthen products certification with barcodes SMEs urged to strengthen products certification with barcodes On February 2, 20172:05 amIn Business by OkogbaComments By Franklin Alli MANUFACTURERS of locally made products, especially in the micro, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs) sector of the economy have been urged to strengthen the seals of quality on their products with bar codes marking. This is to enable the products not only to be locally competitive but to be able to play in the global markets. In Nigeria, government bodies that issues marks of quality on products are Standards Organisation of Nigeria (SON) and National Agency for Food, Drugs Control and Administration (NAFDAC). While SON issues Nigeria Industrial Standard (NIS) MANCAP and SONCAP to players in the sector, NAFDAC is known for its Number on products that have met its certification requirements. Certification requirements Mr. Babatunde Odunlami, CEO of GS1 Nigeria, a firm that issues bar codes on products in Nigeria, said this in an interview with Vanguard. He said beyond NIS and NAFDAC numbers, bar coding is needed to really put Nigerian products on the shelves of global chain stores the like of South Africa’s Shoprite, Wal-Mart, an American multinational retailing corporation that operates as a chain of department stores, and grocery stores and UK Tesco. “There is need for Nigerian companies to add barcodes on their products. Take NAFDAC number for example, once you travel out of Nigeria, is it of any use? It is no longer useful. It is only useful in this country, extremely useful in this country because it can save a lot of lives but once you cross this border to Benin Republic, it is of no use except if the Benin government comes up and says we trust the standard that NAFDAC is giving. Multinationals like Unilever, Procter & Gamble, Nestle, etc., are selling their products in the global landscape because they understand the need to have barcodes on their products,” Odunlami said. He disclosed that the technology and everything that is needed for barcodes is available here and the knowledge is also here. “There are over 110 countries that we can liaise with and to a large extent, whatever is done by GS1 Nigeria has a global outlook because the supply chains that we work with always have a global impacts. It is not something that only works for Nigeria: it is something that works globally ad has advantage for Nigeria. So, we can end up with a situation whereby some specific requirements for Nigeria that also makes it very relevant to our local needs,” he said. According to him, bar coding makes smooth entry into the global market place possible, adding that chain stores rely on bar codes for analysis of sales, for performance, product recalls, etc. “Any company that has a GS1 barcode on his or her product can actually export. Your product can sit on the shelf of Wal-Mart, Tesco, Shoprite, and all this big retail chains, because you can’t even sell to them without barcodes. With bar codes, you can list on Amazon. So, barcodes are important. Why are they important? It is a way to say that I am the one behind this product and I give this product 100 percent certification and assurance that whatever happen to it, traces it back to me. People who do good business don’t hide; it is only those who counterfeit and produce things illegally that hide. If you are doing something good and making profit from it, you should be able to stand behind your product. That is the way I see the barcode keys; it is a way for brand owners to stand behind their products and say this is mine, if anything happen, you can trace it back to me  through the supply chains,” he said. Okogba View all posts by Okogba → Previous Post Local raw materials under threat from deforestations — MAN Next Post JAN to train 350,000 entrepreneurs in 4 years Disclaimer Comments expressed here do not reflect the opinions of vanguard newspapers or any employee thereof. Latest News 8:00 amTrump agrees to honour ‘dumb’ Australian refugee deal 7:05 amAlleged Arsenal fan slumps, dies while jogging in Lagos 6:32 amNollywood filmmaker, Seun Egbegbe arrested for N6.3m forex scam 6:20 amKidnapping: Ambode orders perimeter fencing of Lagos schools 6:11 amOsinbajo advocates State Police 5:55 amFG earmarks over N30bn for housing programme for civil servants 5:41 amRohr snubs Ighalo over China move 5:32 amTerrorism Charge: Court adjourns Ndume’s trial till March 27 5:32 amProtesters attack Mimiko’s convoy in Akure 5:13 amAPC leaders lament delay in appointment of commissioners by Obaseki 5:12 amStop politicising census, el-Rufai cautions 5:12 amReps summon Bauchi SSG, Chief of Staff, others over harassment of citizens 5:00 amFootball should be self-sustaining —Galadima 4:55 amAirport closure: FG sets up security c’ttee for Abuja-Kaduna movement 4:54 amOkorocha VS Obiano: Imo Gov hits back at Obiano, says he is a noise-maker 4:50 amWorld Hijab Day: Muslim women lament frequent harassments over use of hijab 4:50 amBBN: Miyonse, Soma and Efe up for eviction View All Sponsored S3XUAL ISSUES AND SOLUTIONS DEALING WITH SEX PROBLEMS IN MARRIAGE II. Lack of communication about sexual problems and lack of caring can tear your m... This 2 Hottest S3X Positions Will Make you Last 25Min In Bed Every Night HOW TO FINALLY OVERCAME PREMATURE EJACULATION AND CONFIDENTLY LAST LONGER FROM BEING A 1-MINUTE MAN TO OVER 30 MINUTES PER ROUND IN BED Editorial Is anti-graft war losing steam? GENERAL Muhammadu Buhari is the President of Nigeria today mainly because most Nigerians were sick and tired of unbridle... Generous pensions for former governors Cartoons Cartoon: Mr & Mrs Most Commented We'll stop 2Face Idibia's planned protest107 No Benin oba was buried in lle-Ife - Esogban of Benin, Edebiri815 CAN, PFN, demand President Buhari's resignation173 Stop meddling in our affairs, IPOB tells Mbaka40 Its not in the best interest of U.S, Intl community to ignore Nigeria - Jonathan252 Police parade 17 Fulani herdsmen, natives of Southern Kaduna over homicide70 Okorocha VS Obiano: Imo Gov hits back at Obiano, says he is a noise-maker18 Videos Recap: Mabaka says Biafra agitation should be spear-headed by elites, not children Musing on the video clip that shows Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka of the Adoration Ministry Enugu comment on the Biafra agitation... Read More E-editions 12th January 2017 Special Report On Refunds polls update 2016 AFCON 2017: Which country do you think will win the Nations cup finals? AFCON 2017: Which country do you think will win the Nations cup  finals?   Loading… Read More Tip of a New Dawn Who came first, extremism or the gap between the rich and the poor? Everything happening in the world right now pinpoints the many failures of capitalism. The white underclass, betrayed by... Read More Talking Point Can Buhari’s dumb government also choose to be deaf? IN describing the Muhammadu Buhari administration as dumb I do not wish now to be understood as referring to what many c... Read More Afe for Vanguard Nigeria and Economic Recession: Way out (9) “Soft loans must be made available to young graduates and I advocate interests rate which is as low as 2 or 3 percent. T... Read More Sweet and Sour Freedom of speech-concerns A COUPLE of weeks ago, a group of Nigerian public commentators, intellectuals, activists and writers wrote an open lette... Read More The Hub Wanted: State of the Nation Address FROM the lessons of Social Psychology, it is clear that nothing should be written-off as totally wrong because even a de... Read More People & Politics Trump versus bastardised America LOOK at the irony of “change”, which took effect in America on January 20th 2017, compared with what happened in Nigeria... Read More Sweet Crude Education Environment Motoring Metro Interview Labour Law & Human Rights Bus Stop Parliament Crime Guard Crime Alert Homes & Property Investors Forum Insurance and You Features Worship Conference Hall Life Style Health Travel & Tourism Human Angle Is It Beyond Pardon? The Arts Tummy Talk Woman Columns Monday Sport Bassey People And Politics Rational Perspectives Sobowale on Business Broken Links Owei Lakemfa Tuesday Femi Aribisala Dispatches from America Wednesday Talking Point For Crying Out Loud Tip of a New Dawn Thursday People Politics Is’haq Modibbo Kawu The Hub Friday Sweet Sour Lipstick Owei Lakemfa Saturday The Passing Scene My World Frank & Fair Marriage & Family Oil & Gas Summiteer Bits & Pieces Sunday Frankly Speaking Sunday Perspectives Nigeria Today The Orbit Outside Looking In Joyful Homes Article of Faith © 2017 Vanguard Media Limited, Nigeria Home About Us Advertise With Us contact us
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News February 2017 Fr Th We Tu Mo Su Sa 3 2 1 January 2017 31 30 29 28 UNCF Empower Me Tour Kicks Off in Atlanta Feb. 3, Offering On-site Job Opportunities and Career Prep for College Students Free college-readiness event, presented by Target, inspires HBCU youth to excel in academic, financial and personal responsibility   1 2 3 4 5 UNCF Empower Me Tour UNCF Empower Me Tour UNCF Empower Me Tour UNCF Empower Me Tour UNCF Empower Me Tour Students ATLANTA - Feb. 3, 2017 - PRLog -- The UNCF Empower Me Tour (EMT), a free, traveling college-and-career-readiness roadshow presented by Target, kicks off its spring 2017 tour in Atlanta on Feb. 3 from 10:30 a.m.- 4:30 p.m. at the Atlanta Marriott Marquis. The tour was created eight years ago by founding sponsor Wells Fargo to inspire students to take control of their futures by pursuing a four-year college degree and graduating with an education that prepares them for personal responsibility and careers in the 21st century. "We are honored to support UNCF in providing a pathway to opportunities for deserving students, as we collectively assist students in earning degrees and launching meaningful careers," said Laysha Ward, executive vice president and chief external engagement officer at Target. "The Empower Me Tour has the potential to transform the lives of students by equipping them with the skills needed to become leaders in college and beyond." The kick-off stop in Atlanta will welcome students from UNCF-supported historically black colleges and universities (HBCUs) including Clark Atlanta University, Morehouse College, Interdenominational Theological Center and Spelman College. The EMT is free and is open to non-HBCU students in the area as well. Additional spring 2017 tour stops include UNCF-supported HBCUs Johnson C. Smith University in Charlotte, North Carolina on Thursday, February 16 and Fisk University in Nashville, Tennessee on Friday, March 24. "A college degree is essential to landing a job in today's global economy, and we are excited to have the opportunity to offer interviews for internships and jobs on-site to students attending our upcoming Empower Me Tour stops," said Dr. Michael Lomax, UNCF president and CEO. "Thanks to consistent support from our sponsors and partners in this work, UNCF is able to expand our mission by bringing career-readiness programs directly to HBCU students." "Wells Fargo is thrilled to collaborate with UNCF and bring the Empower Me Tour to Atlanta for students to gain important interview training and job opportunities upon graduation," said Wells Fargo's Director of Strategic Partnerships Gigi Dixon. "We know that education is one of the most important investments we can make in our country, and it is one of our passions to ensure students have access to higher education. This tour makes the dream of higher education a reality for many young people in America by equipping students and parents with the information, tools and resources they need." College students attending one of the three tour stops will receive expert tips on resume writing and job interviews, in addition to financial and personal branding advice. They will also have the opportunity to interview on-site with select companies for internships or first-year job placements. View a complete schedule at empowermetour.org. The UNCF EMT, which is also sponsored by FedEx, Procter & Gamble Co. and Delta Air Lines, will target high school students this fall, equipping them for the rigors of college and offering on-site scholarships and college admissions. During the fall 2016 tour, 280 scholarships were awarded totaling close to $4 million. The fall tour stops will be announced in late spring 2017. For more information on the Empower Me Tour and to register for free, visit www.EmpowerMeTour.org. Follow the conversation on Twitter, Instagram and Facebook: @UNCF #EmpowerMeTour Media Contact Diane Larche' 4042733227 ***@larchecommunications.com Photos: https://www.prlog.org/12617488/1 https://www.prlog.org/12617488/2 https://www.prlog.org/12617488/3 https://www.prlog.org/12617488/4 https://www.prlog.org/12617488/5 End Source : UNCF Email : ***@larchecommunications.com Tags : UNCF HBCU EMT Target Wells Fargo Industry : Education, Finance, Free Location : Atlanta - Georgia - United States Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse Larche' Communications LLC News UNCF Atlanta Mayor's Masked Ball With Sheila E. Performing NCNW Greater Atlanta Harlem Renaissance Gala Urban League of Greater Atlanta Equal Opportunity Day Dinner November 19 Marriott Marquis In The Spirit Awards Black & White Gala Saturday Ballethnic Dance Company Presents Soul Survivors- Determination SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Factbox: Commercials slated to air during the 2017 Super Bowl ReutersFebruary 2, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share NEW YORK (Reuters) - The 51st edition of the Super Bowl will kick off on Sunday from Houston’s NRG Stadium, pitting the New England Patriots against the Atlanta Falcons. The National Football League’s championship game is annually the most-watched television program in the United States, with last year’s game commanding 111.9 million viewers. That massive audience makes the Super Bowl a prime spot for advertisers, who are paying Twenty-First Century Fox Inc as much as $5 million for a 30-second spot. The game will air on U.S. broadcast channel Fox. Below are previews of some of the commercials that will run during the Super Bowl: 84 LUMBER The Pennsylvania-based building materials supply company released a 90-second version of their ad, which made waves after Fox rejected their initial idea that reportedly featured immigrants being blocks by a wall. The spot ends with a cliffhanger, directing viewers to watch online after the game, which will include the parts that Fox had rejected. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J0Uk6ctu7nI) AUDI AG Audi is one of the few brands taking a stance on an issue during the Super Bowl, with an ad promoting gender equality. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G6u10YPk_34) AVOCADOS FROM MEXICO Avocados From Mexico returns for its third straight Super Bowl, this time with Jon Lovitz starring in an eerie, Twilight Zone-inspired spot. The commercial is set to run during the game's first commercial break. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a-d2fTXc1hE&feature=youtu.be) BUD LIGHT Bud Light is bringing back Spuds MacKenzie, its former mascot that became an 1980s pop culture icon, to commemorate the dog’s first appearance 30 years ago during Super Bowl XXI. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aYeXldMEpV8 BUDWEISER In what is sure to be among the most talked-about spots, Budweiser is paying tribute to its parent company’s co-founder, Adolphus Busch, a German-born immigrant. It is one of four spots for Anheuser-Busch InBev NV https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HtBZvl7dIu4 BUSCH Busch is making its Super Bowl debut with a humorous look at the way Anheuser-Busch's value brand’s name sounds. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t7XMvq3NLTU FEBREZE Airing in the second quarter, Febreze will make its Super Bowl debut by promoting its OdorClear technology in a way that most football fans can relate: Bathroom breaks. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7gLjYrEDoxw) GODADDY.COM After sitting out last year, GoDaddy returns to the Super Bowl with a decidedly less-racy spot than what viewers usually expect from the web services company, featuring one of the internet’s most popular animals. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mao8hwr1Tsw) HONDA MOTOR CO LTD <7267.T> Honda will promote its 2017 CR-V featuring high school yearbook photos of famous celebrities including Tina Fey, Robert Redford and NBA hall of famer Earvin “Magic” Johnson. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f06ng5cII8o HYUNDAI MOTOR COMPANY <005380.KS> Technically, the South Korean auto-maker will not have a spot during the Super Bowl, instead opting for a 90-second commercial that will run directly following the final whistle. Filmmaker Peter Berg will produce a 90-second documentary of the Super Bowl. INTEL CORP The technology company will use New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady to showcase its 360-degree video technology, which will also be used by Fox during the game to show replays. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nTw7eten1no) KIA MOTORS CORP <000270.KS> Melissa McCarthy will star in the auto-maker’s spot, which is set to run during the game's third quarter. Kia released a 15-second teaser for its commercial, which will tout the 2017 Kia Niro, featuring McCarthy running from something in the distance. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6nBAgI3UFGM) MERCEDES-BENZ Joel and Ethan Coen, known for directing films “Fargo” and “No Country for Old Men” make their Super Bowl debut with this spot touting the automaker’s AMG GT Roadster. Peter Fonda stars. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BvHFM8c7cPM) MR. CLEAN Procter & Gamble Co’s cleaning brand is making its Super Bowl debut this year, with a 30-second spot that humorously shows just much how ladies love a guy who cleans. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DRFeoMMImb0) NINTENDO CO LTD <7974.T> The Japanese gaming company is using its first ever Super Bowl commercial to promote its newest gaming device, the Nintendo Switch. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZUDkrkykvZs) PARAMOUNT PICTURES The Viacom Inc-owned studio confirmed it will run trailers for some of its upcoming films, including "Ghost in the Shell" and "Transformers: The Last Knight." Paramount released the one for "Ghost in the Shell." https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IYrdoQAjcww PEPSICO INC PepsiCo is using its long Super Bowl spot to promote its new purified water brand, Lifewtr, with an inspirational spot featuring music by John Legend. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7i_GEgNchRY) PERSIL The laundry detergent brand is teasing the appearance of a certain “Science Guy” that most U.S. viewers would be familiar with, in its second straight year advertising during the Super Bowl (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IStuVmjeN3s) SKITTLES The Mars Inc brand will use a popular teen-romance trope for its latest Super Bowl commercial: the lovestruck guy trying to get his crush’s attention by throwing rocks (except this time it is Skittles) at her upstairs window in the middle of the night. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f8X8Ygy5VjI) SNICKERS Snickers will be the first brand to stage a live commercial during the Super Bowl, which will come during the first break of the third quarter. The Mars Inc company has enlisted "Star Wars" actor Adam Driver for the spot and released a quartet of teasers for the ad. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7JTGJCMoLAE https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vZfoQhRYr0I https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DjkqfVckH60 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3j-EAePMkp0 SPRINT CORP This humorous spot from the telecommunications provider continues its war with Verizon, once again using former Verizon spokesperson Paul Marcarelli, to shows just how far consumers will go to get out of their Verizon bills. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w_8ms2RzSYk) SQUARESPACE For its fourth Super Bowl ad, the publishing tools company has enlisted John Malkovich, who has appeared in prior ads. The spot is humorous take on the actor, and burgeoning fashion designer, attempting to register the domain name, JohnMalkovich.com, only to find someone else already owns it. (The real JohnMalkovich.com, owned by the actor, is hosted by Squarespace.) In addition to the in-game spot, Squarespace will have a 60-second ad running prior to the game. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vNInrUkctc4) TIDE Patriots’ tight end Rob Gronkowski may not be able to play in the game due to injury, but he stars alongside actor Jeffrey Tambor in this humorous spot for Proctor & Gamble's detergent brand. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PwJVbaGZggI) T-MOBILE USA INC Rob Gronkowski makes his second Super Bowl commercial appearance, alongside Justin Bieber and former NFL star Terrell Owens as they search for the perfect touchdown dance. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kg_4tX4XwI8 TOYOTA MOTOR CORP <7203.T> The Japanese auto-maker enlisted Minnie Driver to voice its spot touting their Lexus brand’s two new vehicles, Lexus LC 500 and LC 500h. The musical spot also features recording artist Sia's "Move Your Body," and movement artist Lil Buck. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_iktzXK4K0&feature=youtu.be) TURBOTAX For its fourth Super Bowl, TurboTax is referencing a very popular children’s character: Humpty Dumpty. The 45-second spot sees anthropomorphic egg being attended to after his famous fall, which is humorously blamed using TurboTax. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wgh6K1TXw28) WENDY'S CO Making its Super Bowl debut, the fast-food chain is trying to combat customer sentiment that its beef patties are not made fresh. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nfrmSVZXfuE) WIX.COM LTD The Israeli-based web development platform has recruited film action stars Jason Statham and Gal Gadot in this action-packed commercial, their third Super Bowl spot, about creating businesses in a disruptive world. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1DuMu721ad8) (Reporting by Tim Baysinger; Editing by Lisa Shumaker) Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next In Donald Trump’s White House, Female Staffers Must ‘Dress Like Women’ 2817 messages6%67%27% How to keep more of your 1099-MISC money TurboTax Self-EmployedSponsored Lady Gaga Remains Mysterious on Super Bowl Halftime Show Details 6 messages0%60%40% Trump Supporter Fired Over Twitter Exchange With Patton Oswalt 3999 messages5%60%35% #2 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: 9/11: Then and now - 15 years later 1135 messages5%58%37% Get a $100 AT&T Visa® Reward Card DIRECTVSponsored Former Giants Kicker Josh Brown Speaks Out After Domestic Abuse Allegations Quadruple Homicide of Washington Family Is ‘Not a Random Act,’ Police Say 152 messages3%68%29% New Israeli Settlements 'May Not Be Helpful' in Achieving Peace With Palestinians, White House Says 227 messages4%72%24% The New Face of Marijuana Investing MONEY MORNINGSponsored How This Woman Got Her Bubble Butt 82 messages7%68%25% #8 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: Deadly attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport 1007 messages9%20%71% Free Speech Questions After Canceled Milo Yiannopoulos UC Berkeley Event 4 messages0%78%22% Wall Street "Poster Boy" Makes A Big Prediction Banyan HillSponsored This Man Slays Walking in Heels Like No Other 89 messages1%72%27% Beyoncé's full pregnancy photoshoot has landed and it's insane 917 messages6%60%34% House Democrats demand Trump boot Bannon from NSC r: Want to know what happens next? Dems will oppose the next thing President Trump does, Shumer and Cummings will put in their input. There will be protesters, not knowing what exactly they are protesting, someone will be called racist or sexist, the comment boards will have someone talking about the popular vote, then someone will say we will treat Trump the same way Obama was treated, the left owned biased media will try to discredit anything Trump does and Democrats will take it as gospel! Join the Conversation 1 / 5 7.9k Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail     Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Health Health Directory Health Boards Diets Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Ivanka looks somber as Nordstrom dumps her fashion line from stores and online in response to boycott by thousands of women over the election... but Jared is all smiles as he meets Queen Rania Husband admits stabbing his pregnant wife to death in front of their two children after she begged her church, the police and relatives for protection from his abuse for months Revealed: Marla Maples' tell-all book was BLOCKED by Trump ahead of the election Can this Twitter account predict the future? Mysterious social media handle appears to have called Brexit, Trump and Beyonce being pregnant Does noisy eating drive you crazy? Scans find people who become annoyed at chewing have a BRAIN abnormality Trump White House says spread of Israel settlements 'may not be helpful' to peace in stunning policy shift Woman, 19, was 'robbed, strangled and thrown off a 50ft bridge to her death by her two FRIENDS' before her body was swept out to sea and never recovered White man who shot NFL star Joe McKnight in 'road rage attack' is charged with murder after outrage at police who initially accused him of manslaughter Convicted murderer, 80, armed with a knife punches police officer who stopped him from approaching kidnapping victim Elizabeth Smart at a book signing Emotional residents say goodbye to Baltimore neighborhood set to be demolished after laying in ruin for decades in decaying city where 17,000 buildings are now empty and abandoned  Meghan Markle has 'virtually moved in' with Prince Harry reveal friends of the actress as the pair enjoy a dinner date in London  Josh Duggar divorce battle: Anna is 'planning to file for divorce as secrets about her husband's molestation of his sisters may come to light in lawsuit' Can you spot the 6 foot snake? Photograph posted online of carpet python wrapped around a pot plant baffles the internet Snapchat creator files for IPO that 'could make it the biggest-ticket Wall Street debut since Alibaba' Woman, 26, posts video on Twitter of herself performing oral sex on a man INSIDE a Florida courthouse Korean grandmother, 83, is 'punched in the head by woman, 27, screaming white power' in downtown LA - but it is NOT being investigated as a hate crime Rioting Delaware prisoners practiced prison siege for MONTHS as former death row inmate blames 'inhumane conditions' for 20-hour hostage situation that left one guard dead  Pictured: The Delaware prison officer, 47, who was found dead after police stormed a cell block where inmates took guards hostage in violent 20-hour protest EXCLUSIVE PHOTOS: Home sweet home! Neighbors welcome the Obamas back to their $4.3 million new D.C. home - two blocks from Ivanka and Jared - after their luxury island break with billionaire pal Trump's defense secretary warns North Korea there will be an 'effective and overwhelming' response if they use nuclear weapons as Kim Jong-un sacks his spy chief 'It was lighthearted': White House insists Trump's threat to send troops to Mexico to stop 'bad hombres' was not a threat  'Vacation mode ON!' Images of Barack Obama chilling out on vacation in a backwards cap, shades and shorts win over social media users who quickly voice their approval in funny tweets  Trump's UN ambassador slams RUSSIA over Ukraine aggression during her first Security Council appearance and insists sanctions will not be lifted  New CIA deputy director ran a WATERBOARDING prison in Thailand Previous Next Laundry pods are poisoning our kids: 30-fold increase in children burned by the capsules since 2012 - because new designs look tastier and tastier Laundry detergent pod eye injuries in preschool children have jumped 30-fold Children either had the contents squirted into their eye or touched their eye after handling the pods The pacs were introduced to the market in 2012 as an easier way to do laundry But several studies have warned about the dangers they pose to young kids By Mary Kekatos For Dailymail.com Published: 16:09 EST, 2 February 2017 | Updated: 18:19 EST, 2 February 2017 e-mail 27 shares 10 View comments Laundry pods are poisoning children at a staggering rate, a new study warns. Researchers found the detergent pacs have caused a 30-fold increase among preschool-aged kids when it comes to chemical eye burns. The pods were first introduced to the market in 2012, and wide-spread use was adopted due to their being marketed as a more convenient way to do laundry. But scientists say that the products' packaging and candy-like appearance have resulted in scores of children playing with, and even ingesting, them. The number of chemical eye burns associated with laundry detergent pods has jumped 30-fold in preschool aged children, a new study warns The study, conducted at Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health, examined the National Electronic Injury Surveillance System between 2010 and 2015 for eye injuries resulting in chemical burn or conjunctivitis among children aged three to four years old. During this time period, researchers found approximately 1,200 chemical eye burns from detergent pods among preschool-aged children. From just 12 instances of chemical burns from laundry detergent pods in 2012, that number increased 30-fold to 480 in 2015. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next 'Why is it allowed to be sold?' Mother who slathered her... Is this the most dangerous internet craze EVER? NSPCC warns... Share this article Share Researchers say more than than one-quarter of all chemical ocular burns associated with this age group were the result of laundry pods.  These injuries most often occurred when children were handling the pods and the contents squirted into one or both of their eyes or when the pod contents leaked onto their hands and a burn resulted from subsequent hand-eye contact.  Lead author Dr Sterling Haring, of Johns Hopkins, told Daily Mail Online: 'Even though we were looking for this data, we were not expecting these numbers. 'This is clearly a problem. More people are buying these pods and, as parents have them in their own, they come to see them less more as household items and less as dangerous chemicals. 'Yes, industry and government should play in the safety of these products, but parents need to be encouraged to keep these products out of the reach of children.' WHY LAUNDRY PODS ARE SO DANGEROUS Laundry pods contain laundry detergent, softener and other soap types enclosed in dissolvable plastic discs. The chemistry of the pacs is roughly the same as in liquid detergents (including alkylbenzenesulfonates - the most common organic compound found in detergent).  The water-soluble pouch is typically made of Polyvinyl alcohol or a derivative of it.  Although the formulas are similar, a detergent pac's liquids may contain only 10 percent water compared to 50 percent in liquid detergents. Because of this, the solution inside of the pacs are have a much higher concentration that conventional detergent - powder or liquid.  The pods contain laundry detergent, softener and other soap types enclosed in dissolvable plastic discs. One pod is used for single load of laundry. The chemistry of the pacs is roughly the same as in liquid detergents (including alkylbenzenesulfonates - the most common organic compound found in detergent). The water-soluble pouch is typically made of Polyvinyl alcohol or a derivative of it.  Although the formulas are similar, a detergent pac's liquids may contain only 10 percent water compared to 50 percent in liquid detergents. Because of this, the solution inside of the pacs are have a much higher concentration that conventional detergent - powder or liquid.  Research has found that accidental swallowing of conventional detergent generally resulted in mild stomach upset. However, with highly concentrated detergent pods, accidental ingestion can cause excessive vomiting, lethargy, and gasping. There have even been reported cases where victims stopped breathing and required ventilation support. This is not the first time that studies have warned about the safety of these pacs. Since the pods' introduction to the market, the Centers for Disease and Control and Prevention warned that they were an emerging public health concern among young children. Proctor & Gamble, the maker of Tide Pods, announced in 2012 that it would make their product more difficult to open by adding a double latch to the lid. Additionally, the packaging was changed to an opaque orange from the original clear plastic that had resembled a 'gumball machine-type presentation'. But a 2014 study found that between 2012 and 2013, more than 17,000 calls were made to poison control centers about children who had been exposed to the pacs. In 2015, Consumer Reports, a magazine that specializes in unbiased product testing, announced they would no longer be including pods on their list of recommended laundry detergents due to a lack of external safety data. For further research, Dr Haring would like to look into the short-term and long-term effects of chemical eye burns from the pods. He said: 'I imagine that with an injury like this, for example, there is scarring of the cornea, and it doesn't have a lot of blood vessels, so it could take a long time to heal.' Dr Haring also added what to do in case your child's eye accidentally comes into contact with pod solution. 'Before you call 911 or 999, take your child and run their eye under cool running water for 20 minutes,' he said. 'The faster you can flush the solution out of their eye, the less likely they'll have a serious injury. Once you've done that, then you can take them to a doctor.' The proportion of chemical eye burns from laundry detergent pods to overall eye injuries increased from 0.8 percent in 2012 to 26 percent in 2015 Share or comment on this article e-mail 27 shares Most watched News videos Moment carer is caught on camera manhandling a dementia patient Ministry of Defence release build up to Marine A shooting Taliban fighter Woman filmed performing sex act in Florida court house Sky News presenter accidentally says 'pr**k' in Trump segment Ivanka posts video of Arabella singing a song for Chinese New Year MoD video shows build-up to moment marine shoots Taliban fighter John Berocw says there's 'no issue' with baby being in commons Moments after Audi R8 GT crashes after driving almost 200 mph Man hanging from windowsill of high flat falls to his death 'I'd like you to apologise': Moment outraged caller phones LBC Junkie holds young girl at knifepoint as he demands drugs from police Loose Women: Farage rows with Saira Khan over US travel ban EXCLUSIVE: Trump's Supreme Court pick Neil Gorsuch... Brought to tears by Sharia justice: Woman is forced to... Woman gives birth to 'FROG' baby in Zimbabwe… and is made... EXCLUSIVE: With frostbite on her hands and hair frozen to... 'WAKE UP & JOIN THE RESISTANCE': Sarah Silverman calls... Bupa carer is caught on hidden camera manhandling... Rotherham child sex gang shout 'Allahu Akbar' in court as... Mother reveals daughter, 13, 'was relentlessly bullied at... EXCLUSIVE PHOTOS Home sweet home! Neighbors welcome the... Anna Nicole's daughter Dannielynn shows off her wonderful... Trump HUNG UP on Australian PM after 'yelling' at him... Russian girl, 12, is raped by family friend before being... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments 10 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'She is devastated': Kylie Minogue 'ends engagement to Joshua Sasse following suspicions about his relationship with an actress' George and Amal Clooney step out for a romantic dinner in Spain amid pregnancy rumours Ocean's Eleven star, 55, took his wife on a date Emily Ratajkowski flaunts her incredible curves and enviable abs in boho floral bikini as she smoulders in stunning new beach shoot PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Worse for wear David Beckham gallantly holds car door for Poppy Delevingne as they party together on her husband's birthday eve 'The cancer has gone, we are very happy': Michael Bublé's son Noah, 3, 'is recovering' from liver cancer after heartbreaking battle  Good news for singer Guest biogs, drones photographing from above and banquet feasting: 2017's HOTTEST wedding trends SPONSORED Swimming with turtles, lounging on the beach and catch ups over wine with the girls: Meet the jet setting, yoga loving beauty getting close to Kylie's man 'Miss this face every day': Wayne Rooney posts heartfelt Instagram tribute to Coleen's late sister Rosie on her birthday... five years after death That's a slippery slope! The Jump's Spencer Matthews 'caught up in love triangle with co-stars Vogue Williams and Jade Jones' On thin ice PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Amber Rose showcases her famous buxom curves in orange bikini as she chills out in Honolulu Beach babe  Nicola McLean's husband Tom Williams brands Kim Woodburn and Jedward the C-word in expletive filled rant after comments on CBB about wife's 'knockers' Angelina Jolie shares teaser of Netflix passion project she directed based on Cambodian genocide memoir Her Netflix passion project  Janet Jackson, 50, joins newborn son Eissa as he gets a visit from grandma Katherine, aunt Rebbie and uncle Randy Family fun She's got some front! Braless Dakota Johnson stuns in VERY plunging dress at Fifty Shades Darker premiere Exquisite No supporting act! Rita Ora steals the show at Fifty Shades Darker premiere in revealing dress...after being mocked for cameo role Dubbed her big break Where's the rest of it? Singer Halsey risks wardrobe malfunction with VERY revealing dress at Fifty Shades Darker premiere Left her cleavage bare Keeping mum! Rosie Huntington-Whiteley continues to spark pregnancy rumours as she protectively covers her tummy in LA Covered up What a drag! Scott Disick shares a suspicious-looking cigarette on his hotel balcony with a female friend  Smokin' (hot) women Kim Kardashian puts on eye-popping display in sheer tank as she steps out with sister Kourtney for dinner in Costa Rica Turning heads Getting hearts pumping! Mariah Carey hits the gym in cleavage-baring lingerie and HEELS She also needed her fishnet stockings  'I've not had a bum enlargement!' Comedian Katherine Ryan reveals shocking photo of her bare bottom covered in bruises is a FAKE Cheeky Red hot! Ashley James sizzles in flesh-flaunting mini dress as she showcases her ample cleavage and toned pins out in London Scarlet siren 'THICK!': Kylie Jenner shows off voluptuous figure in her own brand's yellow tracksuit Looking to make big inroads in the apparel market Christine Bleakley reveals retired footballer husband Frank Lampard has been 'in talks' to embark on acting career in Hollywood Scott Disick cosies up to a gaggle of women during trip to Miami after he professes love for on-off girlfriend Kourtney Kardashian Ladies man Make-up free Charlotte McKinney ditches the glamour as she steps out in sweats for casual day of shopping in West Hollywood Casual yet chic  Priorities in order! Heidi Klum reveals her panties as she pulls trousers down to her knees for a quick sunbathing session She's a cheeky one David Beckham opts for sunglasses and a low-key ensemble as he jets out of LAX... hours after partying with Poppy Delevingne Good night Love Island's Olivia Buckland looks effortlessly chic in a white leather jacket as she cuddles up to fiancé Alex Bowen That's a Lottie leg! Model Moss flashes her toned pins in thigh-skimming skirt as she makes an entrance at friend's birthday party Kate's little sister  Solange Knowles performs at free Super Bowl concert in Houston... just one day after sister Beyonce revealed she's pregnant with twins Meghan Markle has 'virtually moved in' with Prince Harry reveal friends of the actress as the pair enjoy a dinner date in London  'To the next level' 'Stop reaching!' Kylie Jenner, 19, calls fans 'f***** idiots' for claiming she wanted to make her waxwork's skin color darker than it really is Lambasted fans Handsome model David Gandy cuts a dapper figure in a dark camel coat as he steps out for lavish cocktail party Looking dapper  After the dramatic bus crash, life in Walford was (unfortunately) back to 'normal' in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley Anti-climatic Great guns! Chris Hemsworth's MASSIVE bulging bicep once again takes centre stage as fan tries to get in a selfie with star Australian actor 'I love you too dude': Kristen Stewart hypes Saturday Night Live hosting debut with Leslie Jones In a series of promotional clips for the NBC comedy PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Home sweet home! Neighbours welcome the Obamas back to their $4.3 million new D.C. home after their luxury break Kim Kardashian shows some leg in thigh-high lace-up boots as she steps out in NYC after meeting with French authorities for a second day in a row Blonde bombshell! Kim Basinger is back and how... as she wows on the red carpet in low-cut black gown at premiere of Fifty Shades Darker A part in erotic trilogy Miley Cyrus' sister Noah wears sheer dress to Fifty Shades Darker premiere in Los Angeles Make Me (Cry) songstress decided to show off her own flair Ferne McCann flashes her abs in a crop top as she films herself having non-surgical liposuction on her stomach after bum lift Back at it  'Not sure if I have the same confidence': Coco Austin shares throwback pic from racy car calendar shoot The 37-year-old shared a racy throwback pic Juliette Lewis shows off her svelte frame in skinny jeans with a khaki coat and hat while catching flight at LAX The actress cut a casual figure in skintight denim Blue jean baby! Paris Jackson wears crop top and denims with frayed cuffs as she enjoys a concert night out in LA Spotted leaving James Arthur's LA concert  Keri Russell wears minimal makeup as she steps out in skinny jeans and ankle boots while on the move in New York city Natural beauty Bundled up beauty! Zoe Kravitz dons blue duster coat with trousers and a heavy navy scarf while holding hands with boyfriend Karl Glusman She doesn't look a day older! Elle Macpherson, 52, shares a sweet throwback bikini photo of herself at the beach with her two sons in 2005 She's ripped! Kourtney Kardashian wears torn jeans and biker jacket as she takes daughter Penelope to Beverly Hills gallery Just back from holiday America's Next Top Model judge Tyson Beckford pulls GUN on process server outside his Miami apartment  A look back at Minogue's ill-fated relationships including her failed 'engagement' to Olivier Martinez as she 'splits from fiancé Joshua Sasse' ' 'She always wanted kids and I never did': Dannii Minogue spoke about her sister Kylie's, 48, hopes for a baby earlier this year Ended engagement Beyonce the work of art: Queen Bey's pregnancy photo series echoes famous paintings featuring Venus and the Virgin Mary Lena Dunham sports aggressive pink eyeshadow as she teams up with Girls cast at premiere of final season Heavy make-up Can't make up your mind? Allison Williams wears trousers AND a dress at premiere of Girls final season That's how you make an entrance... and an exit Leslie Mann looks smitten with Judd Apatow at Girls premiere... after revealing argument with daughters over 'inappropriate' snaps Leggy display! Erin McNaught flaunts her trim pins and flashes white lace bra in a thigh-skimming denim frock as she enjoys a pamper session 'She's the vilest woman I've ever met in my life': CBB's Coleen Nolan rants about Kim Woodburn as Nicola McLean vows to 'never to see her again'  'Prep with my man': Ellen Pompeo brings newborn son Eli to work as she gets ready for directorial debut on Grey's Anatomy Behind the scenes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Georgia May Jagger and Grumpy Cat make it a date: Party team up for party in Germany to celebrate calendars  Is she fur real? Selma Blair wears red coat reminiscent of bath robe with animal hair trim around Los Angeles Looked like a very cosy cover up Part of the squad! Kelsea Ballerini says pal Taylor Swift taught her how to deal with fame as she covers Billboard magazine 'I'm really disappointed to be out!' Vogue Williams forced to QUIT The Jump just days before anticipated launch after suffering serious knee injury Babies, let's get in Formation! Beyonce 'set to perform at this year's Grammy Awards' after revealing she's pregnant with twins No slowing down That's quite the pregnancy album! Beyonce displays her baby bump in underwater video after announcing she's having twins Red hot! Emma Roberts shows off her new fiery colored hair as she leaves the salon in Hollywood Sporting freshly coloured tresses 'Call your senator': Amy Schumer continues anti-Trump activism by urging fans to oppose 'unqualified' Education Secretary pick Betsy DeVos 'I'm a sex goddess!' Teen Holly Willoughby, 18, grabs her assets as she makes saucy profession in sizzling throwback lingerie ad 'You have to bite the bullet': Kristen Stewart admits she is dreading her SNL hosting debut on Saturday Even if vampires don't make her flinch Khloe Kardashian helps Lauren lose 50 pounds and reconnect with her dead father on E! reality show Revenge Body With a celebrity trainer Making waves! Karlie Kloss sports curly locks and monochrome mini dress  during high fashion Vogue photo shoot at Sydney's Bondi Beach Lena Dunham admits she crossed 'boundaries of professionalism' as she reveals she once 'made out' with a Girls guest star  James Corden jokes about being the lowest paid late night talk show host on television... ahead of Grammys hosting gig But he's hit the big time... 'I've had some really bad hairstyles': Shane Warne reveals style disasters as ex-cricketer celebrates 10 years as an Advanced Hair Studio ambassador Borne this way! Lady Gaga gets police escort to NRG Stadium in Houston as she rehearses for Super Bowl Halftime Show  She's all fired up 'Yo I made it!' Rihanna steps out in biker chic ensemble... after celebrating Mariah Carey wearing her Fenty heels to the GYM Dressed in all black In bed with Hilary Duff! Star shows off her legs while wearing only panties and a T-shirt on Instagram A long way from being a self-conscious teen Is this the end of underwear? Why stars are forgoing bras and pants on the red carpet (and why they believe it makes them look more CLASSY) Victoria's Secret stars Jasmine Tookes, Martha Hunt and Taylor Hill bring the heat to Miami with sizzling bikini photo shoot Trio of Angels  Lily-Rose Depp goes on spending spree at Chanel in Beverly Hills... amid reports of dad Johnny's ongoing financial woes Karl Lagerfeld's muse Make-up free Julia Roberts, 49, looks bright as she goes shopping for interior decor with daughter Hazel in Malibu Had a stylish wintry get-up Just like mom! Rumer Willis stars in Gap campaign paying homage to mother Demi Moore and her 1990 ad Just like her famous mother Demi Kate Moss, 43, goes completely naked for W magazine as she joins Jennifer Lopez, Jessica Chastain, Taraji P Henson and Donatella Versace Quite the treat! Sara Gilbert has mother-son date with Rhodes at Jessica's Biel's pricey Au Fudge restaurant in Los Angeles Spoiling her little boy  A look at Shanina Shaik and fiancé DJ Ruckus' $100,000-a-month Miami rental property with incredible waterfront views and a heated swimming pool  Miranda gets her dream role in Annie: Actress in final negotiations to play Miss Hannigan when musical moves into the Piccadilly Theatre  'F*** you Price is Right!': Aaron Paul aims for game show redemption with the help of James Corden 17 years after walking away a loser A gloomy affair is saved by the belle: The Glass Menagerie is glum but Cherry Jones gives a fine turn, writes QUENTIN LETTS   SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Who silenced royal rebel Lady Amelia? Duke of Kent's granddaughter deletes her Instagram account  Upbeat Elbow go out on a limb: Little Fictions is a slow-burning blockbuster, writes ADRIAN THRILLS  JAN MOIR: Apple Tree Yard and a brutally real portrait of a wife in crisis  It caused controversy and divided opinion Coco Austin puts on a busty display as she steps out with baby Chanel... as Ice T proudly reveals his daughter has inherited his 'mean mug' Focused on family: Bethenny Frankel spends some quality time time with daughter Bryn after nasty drama with her ex Family first Making a dog's dinner of it! CBB's Jedward and Bianca Gascoigne try not to gag as they're forced to eat unsavoury 'mystery can' Not good enough to eat Tallia Storm flaunts her tanned and toned legs in a sequinned silver mini dress and chunky black ankle boots at fashion party Leggy lady Making them green with envy! Camilla dazzles in a velvet gown as she brings some glamour to the British Asian Trust dinner in London  'If there's anyone designed to deal with it, it's her': Meghan Markle's on-screen Suits fiancé Patrick J. Adams approves of her royal romance 'She's the love of my life': Scott Disick declares Kourtney Kardashian is the one in KUWTK trailer...before getting cuddly with beauties in Miami 'The shoot is not soft porn, it is actual fashion': Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm defends posing naked for Playboy Make-up free Cindy Crawford shows off her svelte figure in skintight jeans and plunging white top ahead of 51st birthday Fit at 50 Enjoying a bit too much Pillowtalk? Pop heartthrob Zayn Malik sports a serious case of bed head as he enjoys shopping trip in Beverly Hills Going solo! Taylor Swift releases filmed acoustic rehearsal of I Don't Wanna Live Forever... without singing partner Zayn When two become one 'I didn't want to play a crack addict': Naomie Harris reveals she initially turned down Moonlight because of 'negative portrayals of women' in film That's one way to go viral! Mariah Carey poses in racy lingerie as she streams Facebook Live video...and hits one million views in first hour Busty Preeya Kalidas flashes her legs in a glamorous baby blue gown with dramatic ruffles at British Asian Trust dinner Blue-tiful Master and Apprentice! Arnold Schwarzenegger lunches with Mickey Rourke... after hitting back at Trump over ratings  Celebrity yearbook photos including Jimmy Kimmel in a tacky prom shirt, Tina Fey clutching a rose and a baby-faced Amy Adams are brought to life for Super Bowl ad Keke Palmer reveals truce with Trey Songz after claims he filmed her without her consent as she puts on another fashion show in New York You're fired! Gloomy Ivanka is pictured leaving DC home after Nordstrom drops her fashion brand amid angry boycott by thousands of women 'I can't wait to share our journey': New mum Stephanie Davis dotes over baby son Caben-Albi in adorable video  Preparing to raise her newborn alone 'I have three hearts': Pregnant Beyoncé strips NAKED to show off her baby bump in intimate snaps after announcing she is expecting twins  'Having twins is the most incredible experience ever!' Mariah Carey congratulates pal Beyonce after baby news   'Targeting the weakest does not show strength,' Angelina Jolie pens op-ed for the New York Times about refugee policy  Scarlett Johansson flaunts her famous curves in nude-looking suit in a sneak peek of her new movie Ghost In The Shell ahead of trailer  Naked tummy! Gigi Hadid models crop top that exposes her belly button and adds leather jacket to help keep out chill in NYC Tum's the word 'You made a reputation by showing your knockers!' CBB's Kim Woodburn takes aim at 'vile little creature' Nicola McLean as she's branded 'scum' Wigged out! Oprah Winfrey looks virtually unrecognisable in crimped blonde hairpiece on Los Angeles set of A Wrinkle In Time EXCLUSIVE Tequila shots, karaoke and a VERY A-list crowd: Behind-the-scenes at Harry Styles' 23rd birthday bash with Adele and Cindy Crawford Forgotten something? Lisa Appleton struggles to contain her ample assets as she dons a pair of tiny bikini briefs in Spain She always turns heads EXCLUSIVE: Timbaland's divorce lawyer slaps a lien on the music producer's $5 million Miami mansion for unpaid bills Pricey The apple of his (Beady) Eye! Liam Gallagher's son Gene sports similar haircut and same distinctive eyebrows as rocker dad on shopping spree 'It's time for us to embrace': Matthew McConaughey says celebrities should accept Trump is president and 'be constructive' 'This performance is for everyone': Lady Gaga talks up 'athletic' halftime show at Super Bowl after dancing in her underwear backstage Bikini-clad Kim Zolciak calls her husband Kroy Biermann 'sexy' as she posts photo of him in a very tight Speedo during beach getaway Fun in the sun J.C. Penney defends Beyonce using her own lyrics after critics snidely suggest that her 'awkward' pregnancy photo was taken at the retailer's portrait studio Fans accuse Beyoncé of copying M.I.A.'s music video for her maternity shoot - just months after the Sri Lankan rapper said Bey stole her sound What controversy? Mel Gibson smiles as his upcoming police brutality film Dragged Across Concrete sparks a social media backlash 'I get paid quite well to not be biased!': Rylan Clark-Neal hits out at claims CBB BOTS is unfair to housemates... as he confirms he'll still host the spin-off show  Drew Barrymore wanted 'ultra-traditional' upbringing for her two daughters as she calls split from husband her 'worst nightmare'  Back to basics Jamie Dornan flaunts his muscular physique as he showcases impressive pommel horse trick on Conan O'Brien Impressive Looking extra pouty! Rumer Willis shows off bigger lips as she attends opening of new basement bar in New York Getting lippy Selena Gomez is nominated for Kids' Choice Award as her current beau The Weeknd goes up against ex Bieber in 2017 nominations Oops, she did it again! Britney Spears suffers an EPIC wardrobe malfunction as she exposes her bare breast during Las Vegas show Kanye West is reprimanded by CFDA for his 'bad behavior' after failing to liaise with NYFW organizers about his Yeezy Season Five show Kim Kardashian looks slimmer than ever as she flaunts her gym-honed figure in black bikini alongside sister Kourtney during family getaway in Costa Rica Nicki Minaj invests in huge security upgrade for mansion following brazen thieves steal $200K worth of property and trash her home  Taking no chances 'I started doing hard drugs at age 12': Khloe Kardashian listens as latest Revenge Body contestant reveals she turned to meth to get thin 'We need a security guard 24-7': Kim Kardashian amps up protection for family in KUWTK sneak peek following armed heist Harrowing news Jennifer Connelly opts for a low-key look in a navy coat and beanie as she enjoys a stroll with husband Paul Bettany in New York Feeling the chill Oscar-winning Leonardo DiCaprio gets his meat seasoned by viral meme sensation Salt Bae at the chef's Dubai steakhouse  Just a sprinkle  Feeling Ferry saucy! Geordie Shore's Chloe leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her ample assets and tiny waist in skimpy lingerie Ola Jordan and Heidi Montag look worse for wear as they twerk up a storm during wild night out with husbands James and Spencer Justin brings Bieber Fever to the Super Bowl with wacky dance moves as he honours the history of touchdown celebrations in new advert 'Things just didn't work out': Singer Ella Eyre 'amicably' ends her two-year relationship with Rixton drummer Lewi Morgan Sad news  Kim Kardashian relives horror of Paris jewel heist by testifying in New York after a judge flew to meet her to identify armed men who robbed her at gunpoint CBB's Bianca Gascoigne puts on an eye-popping display as she poses provocatively in lingerie for racy pre-show photo shoot EXCLUSIVE 'I love to mix it up!': Ellie Goulding reveals the secrets behind her stunning athletic shape She's a fitness enthusiast  Alesha Dixon dares to be different in sexy leather mesh dress with sheer skirt as she joins glam Amanda Holden at Britain's Got Talent auditions in Birmingham Victoria Beckham shows off slim figure in chic trousers and polo-neck for shopping trip ... but STILL keeps her favourite sunglasses on in drizzly London Don't let mum and dad see! Brooklyn Beckham tucks into HUGE baguette during London day out without health fanatic parents David and Victoria  'I've got my priorities really in order!': Rob Lowe laughs as Jimmy Kimmel ribs him over job ad for assistant who can turn on his jacuzzi and arrange massages 'I really fell in love': Iskra Lawrence posts lingerie selfie as she reveals she's learned to accept her curves while inspiring women to celebrate their bodies 'Everybody's looking': New Fifty Shades Darker trailer reveals glamorous Masquerade Ball sequence A new promo has debuted  'I'm more nervous on runways now' than when I was 21': Naomi Campbell, 46, admits she feels 'vulnerable' on the catwalk alongside younger models 'I'd love to be with Kate Middleton!': Drew Barrymore reveals she fancies the Duchess of Cambridge... as she jokes about being 'naughty in my forties' 'Breakouts have made me stay in my house all day': Ashley Benson opens up about her struggle with acne at the launch of a spot-reducing gel product Johnny Depp brands former business managers 'reprehensible' after details of his spendthrift $2million-a-month lifestyle emerge  McQueen Bey! Hollyoaks' pregnant matriarch Myra recreates THAT Beyonce baby pic... yet swaps designer lingerie for sports top and cardi Lottie Moss cuts a demure figure in lace-up jeans and fur coat as she hits the town for casual night out Certainly looked the part of a fashion model  It's Patsy TANsit! Actress overdoes the bronzer as she dons workout gear for energetic jog in the rain Not exactly tanning weather in London 'It left me bereft': Kris Marshall quits Death In Paradise after Caribbean filming separated him from his family... as fans mourn 'heartbreaking' news No dramas! Danielle Lloyd steps out in double denim after furiously denying Nicola McLean's claims she attended her wedding to Jamie O'Hara CBB's Nicola McLean flaunts her ample assets in racy lace lingerie as she poses for saucy pre-show shoot WAG and glamour model, 35 'It's a disaster!': Make-up free Dakota Johnson dons fur coat at LAX airport after revealing everything she says turns sexual Only the best for the Lord! Scott Disick stayed in $12,500 a night suite in Miami after fleeing Kardashian Costa Rican getaway 'I've never met a hater whose life I wish I had': Gabrielle Union bites back at mean girls as she flaunts her fabulous figure at 44 in Women's Health Trump requests prayers for Arnold Schwarzenegger and his Apprentice ratings... as his replacement suggest they switch jobs  'WAKE UP & JOIN THE RESISTANCE': Sarah Silverman calls for a military coup to overthrow President Trump Controversial statement Twinning! Cindy Crawford's son Presley Gerber steps out with girlfriend Lily - whose model good looks will fit right in Strictly's rumoured new head judge Gary Edwards suffers 'TV fail' when he continuously refers to Len Goodman as a 'matriarch' rather than a patriarch Imogen Thomas displays her curves in colourful swimwear at the launch of her new collection... as she reveals her relationship has lost its spark Gaz Beadle transforms into a naughty pensioner as he hits the gym and chats girls up in hilarious prank ahead of Spring Break with Grandad launch Just like Linda! Lusardi's daughter Lucy Kane shows an uncanny resemblance to her mum... as she 'blows judges away on The Voice End of an era! Designer Riccardo Tisci leaves Givenchy after 12 YEARS with the French fashion house - as rumors suggest he is heading to Versace Move over George! Adorable Prince of Bhutan proves himself a contender for world's cutest royal baby as he poses for his first birthday portrait Nick Gordon steps out on second anniversary of the day girlfriend Bobbi Kristina was tragically found unresponsive in bathtub 'I love having her around again': Brooke Vincent reveals she was instrumental in her on-screen sister Helen Flanagan's return to Coronation Street Drinking problems! Coronation Street viewers spot a major props blunder when Kate serves Toyah a glass of wine from an EMPTY bottle Who said acting was easy? Joanne Froggatt shelters from the rain as she braves freezing conditions while filming Liar in Kent Alice Eve oozes classic Hollywood glamour in a sophisticated all-black ensemble as she enjoys a low-key dinner in LA British beauty Gigi Hadid wears nothing but a tiny miniskirt as she goes braless for tasteful LOVE magazine shoot Stunning black and white snap  That's a butt rude! Rita Ora is cheeky in see-through gym pants ... as she steps out in LA after congratulating Beyonce on her pregnancy news What a view! Will pregnant Beyonce still perform at Coachella? Singer's April headline slot is uncertain after announcement she's expecting twins The adorable moment Prince Harry pranks an unimpressed school boy with the 'wrong shoulder' trick (and acts surprised when the joke's turned on him) Bella Thorne flaunts her taut tummy as she works up a sweat with her wild moves while leading a dance class Energetic night! Heidi Klum steals the spotlight in a quirky black Victoriana-style ensemble and heavy jewels as she shoots Germany's Next Top Model 'We do get a bit delirious': Rebel Wilson and Anna Kendrick share behind-the-scenes Pitch Perfect 3 video after filming for 15 hours Geordie Shore's Holly Hagan shows off her toned curves as she shares an eye-popping bikini shot from her holiday in Thailand 'I absolutely hate my natural look': Katie Price shares rare 'make-up free' selfie as she takes a break from her hair extensions Ed Sheeran fans hit out at touts after tickets to the British pop star's UK tour were being sold online for up to £1,000 just minutes after going on sale  Racy in red! Lucy Mecklenburgh shows off her stunningly slim figure in chic bikini as she posts yet ANOTHER swimsuit snap from Dubai trip 'Let me come in your changing room!' Trinny Woodall accidentally propositions Phillip Schofield live on This Morning leaving Holly Willoughby in hysterics What a bikini body! Justin Bieber's 'ex' Sahara Ray almost busts out of her skimpy swimwear in racy Instagram snap after THAT lingerie shot Lorraine Kelly can't contain her giggles as she recreates the famous pottery scene from the movie Ghost with Dr Hilary Jones as Patrick Swayze  Progresso 40 Delicious Flavors 100 calories or less. more Today's headlines Most Read Plight of adorable girl, 5, who becomes paralyzed at random due to rare genetic disorder  Why sitting on a chair flattens your butt: Trainer reveals the science behind your Desk Derriere - and how... Do YOU cook with vegetable oil? It could increase your risk of DEMENTIA, new research warns Were YOU born to make money? High earners 'were exposed to the right amount of testosterone before birth' -... Meet the 'butterfly boy': 14-year-old New Yorker who has spent a life in bandages because his skin is so... Cancer is rising six times faster in women than men due to bad lifestyle choices - as more smoke and drink... Four million patients are left without an out of hours GP: because trusts are unable to find doctors to work... Life-saving breast cancer drug considered as 'the closest thing to a cure' set to be rejected for use on the... Why noisy eating CAN frazzle your brain: Scans find that people who become annoyed at chewing have genuine... So THAT'S why we need sleep: Shut-eye 'wipes our brains clear' to make room for new memories, two new... Laundry pods are poisoning our kids: 30-fold increase in children burned by the capsules since 2012 -... Mother-of-two, 34, left paralysed after falling off of a cliff was told her pain was due to her anxiety... Breathalyser to see if your sniffling chap has man flu: Device uses sensors to detect the virus The boy who is turning into STONE: Eight-year-old is forced to stay inside because he terrifies other... Cold and flu remedies TRIPLE your risk of having a heart attack, study finds MORE HEADLINES Emma Stone's personal trainer reveals how YOU can get her toned abs, arms and legs - with these simple tips Novel combination of drugs 'could eliminate HIV', scientists claim as they start groundbreaking human trial Are YOU at risk of a blood clot? From jet-setting to taking the Pill: Leading vascular surgeon explains the 9 top risk factors - and how to beat them Why sitting on a chair flattens your butt: Trainer reveals the science behind your Desk Derriere - and how to fix it Meet the 'butterfly boy': 14-year-old New Yorker who has spent a life in bandages because his skin is so fragile it falls off with the slightest knock  Ibuprofen DOESN'T work for back pain: Only 1 in 6 feel any benefit from taking the drug (and exercise is the only effective treatment) Man's pancreas becomes calcified after drinking five shots of vodka every day for 15 YEARS Were YOU born to make money? High earners 'were exposed to the right amount of testosterone before birth' - and this simple test reveals if you are one of the lucky ones Plight of adorable girl, 5, who becomes paralyzed at random due to rare genetic disorder  Do YOU cook with vegetable oil? It could increase your risk of DEMENTIA, new research warns Standing up straight could treat DEPRESSION, study claims: How posture has a direct impact on your mood Cold and flu remedies TRIPLE your risk of having a heart attack, study finds Middle-aged adults who take more than 5 pills a day are 3 times more likely to become frail - increasing their risk of falls, disability and even death Don't want your child to have ADHD? Adopt a Mediterranean diet, experts tell mums-to-be Seven simple heart-healthy habits that could save the US $41 BILLION in healthcare costs  MOST READ IN DETAIL     MORE DON'T MISS Now THAT'S a flashback! Hollywood hunk Hugh Jackman is unrecognisable as a 12-year-old in his latest throwback snap with brother Ralph Danielle Armstrong flashes her assets in saucy Snapchat as she reveals new beau Daniel Spiller is going to 'get lucky'  Dame Vera Lynn WILL meet her fans again as she releases new album next month to celebrate her 100th birthday Album of remastered classic songs  Glamorous in grey! Queen Letizia looks chic in a business-like suit as she attends a cancer forum in Madrid  Opted for a low-key colour scheme 007 never had this problem! Daniel Craig agrees to cut back towering 80ft plane tree at his £4million London home to end row with neighbour  'Nicola McLean was not at my wedding': Danielle Lloyd furiously denies glamour model's CBB claim that she was a guest at Jamie O'Hara nuptials Round two! Jamie O'Hara parties at a strip club for the second night in a row as he visits venue run by 'girlfriend' Bianca Gascoigne with CBB pals  TOWIE's Georgia Kousoulou flaunts her heaving cleavage and perky posterior in racy snakeskin swimsuit as she heads to filming in Tenerife  Is Kris Marshall in line to be the next Doctor Who? Love Actually actor's name is thrown into the ring following his shock decision to quit Death In Paradise Catch of the day! Frankie Essex shows off some sideboob in mermaid minidress as she proudly flaunts her slimline figure at fish restaurant Calum Best discusses fraught relationship with alcoholic dad George and reveals he's only got ONE friend during emotional In Therapy episode Abbey Clancy shows off her incredible figure in a skintight plunging latex dress as she prepares for new series of Britain's Next Top Model 'Hello my lavender and rose fairies!' Love Island's Olivia Buckland adds to extensive tattoo collection as she unveils huge new inkings on her calf Pregnant Storm Keating keeps her baby bump under wraps in snug winter coat as she enjoys a brisk dog walk with husband Ronan 'All she did was walk past me and push me!' South Park creator Trey Parker reveals awkward encounter with JLo after he mocked THAT Grammys dress Beyoncé is pregnant with TWINS! Jay-Z's wife reveals surprise baby news while putting her big bump on show  Broke the happy news on Wednesday  His and hers! Charlotte Crosby and Stephen Bear 'confirm' their romance as they cosy up in matching jumpers during dog walk 'I was like, I NEED this colour in my house': Kendall Jenner reveals she painted her room a 'scientific' shade of pink to suppress her appetite £24,000 a month on WINE, £160,000 on private jets and £239,000 on staff: Johnny Depp left in 'turmoil' over his £1.5m a month lifestyle  'I train like a maniac!' Fitness queen Davina McCall, 49, shows off her six-pack in a tiny crop top as she shares her secrets to staying in shape  Jedward, 25, shock CBB fans as they strip naked and wash each other off in a bubble bath... before trying on housemate Bianca Gascoigne's THONGS Bruce Springsteen performs an EPIC three-hour show for thousands of fans in Melbourne... after attacking Donald Trump's Muslim ban Off to the ballet! Kim Kardashian is striking in blue while North West, 3, stands out in neon as they take in Swan Lake in NYC Girls' night Lindsay Lohan cuts a stylish figure in a black leather bomber jacket and faux fur scarf as she blows kisses while on a night out in London Millie Mackintosh exudes elegance in silk slip as she ditches glamorous Instyle bash for date night with boyfriend Hugo Taylor WATCH: The hilarious moment rapper Travis Scott FALLS down a giant hole on stage during surprise appearance at Drake's London gig A walk on the wild side! Nicky Hilton rocks a bold look in a leopard print coat and a lip-motif bag as she hits the shops in NYC 'It's time for us to embrace': Matthew McConaughey says celebrities should accept Trump is president and 'be constructive' You CAN beat the feeling! Beyonce's pregnancy snap becomes most liked photo ever on Instagram... overtaking Selena Gomez Coke pic As Robert Carlyle reveals he thought The Full Monty would bomb FEMAIL finds out where the stars are 20 years after the Sheffield steel workers stripped off Saturday Kitchen's James Martin reveals he has put all the saucy photos sent to him by female fans in his LOFT to look at 'when I'm old and grey'  Love Island's Olivia Buckland coordinates new tattoo with floral thigh-skimming mini while partying with co-star fiancé Alex Bowen at Broadcast Awards 'Introducing our little boy!' Kimberley Walsh shares a glimpse into her family life with newborn son Cole in behind-the-scenes photoshoot footage 'You can see everything!' Lydia Bright admits she finds the male contestants' spandex ski suits a distraction while she trains for The Jump 'You're a b***h!': Vicky Pattison blasts old enemy Luke Marsden on CBBBOTS after he likens her to Kim Woodburn Beyonce's Beyhive goes wild! Twitter erupts as fans post hilarious memes after the singer reveals she's pregnant with twins A very happy Hive The bling is back! Kylie Jenner goes casual cool in grey sweater as she steps out with THAT ring on her wedding finger 19-year-old reality star loves her sparkler Elton John's husband David Furnish cuts a dapper figure as he celebrates becoming a British citizen with a night out in Soho Party time! The Bella the ball! Hadid is a sight in white dress and pink boots as she attends DKNY event in New York Eye-catching ensemble for the night out Prince Harry reveals he's still haunted by his Afghanistan tours as he remembers the patients he flew to hospital at a London Ambulance event Model behaviour: Karlie Kloss puts on a busty display at Bondi Beach before wedging herself between two hunks during Vogue photo shoot Kristin Scott Thomas opts for casual chic in a wild coat and jeans as she attends Porter's Incredible Women event alongside Ellie Bamber Seriously stylish  Pregnant Binky and baby daddy JP enjoy date night with Lucy Watson and James Dunmore... after saying they wouldn't rush back into relationship Peep show! Mariah Carey writhes on top of convertible wearing leather and lace in steamy teaser for I Don't video Racy clip 'I'm proud of the body that I'm in': Beyonce reveals bump in Ivy Park advert just hours before announcing she is having twins with Jay-Z Millie Mackintosh displays her silk negligee in a daring sheer dress as she reunites with former MIC co-star Ashley James at InStyle BAFTA bash Those lips will live on forever... in wax! Kylie Jenner gets measurements done to immortalize her figure as a sculpture Shared her excitement  Lord of the party! Scott Disick boozes it up as he continues partying with model Amber Davis in Miami... as Kourtney stays home with the kids Quite a send-off! Lena Dunham bares her tummy in crop top and long skirt as she joins co-stars for celebration of final season of Girls In Sync! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana coordinate on the red carpet for Santa Clarita Diet premiere Date night Tat's roarsome! Kesha shows off new tiger tattoo on back of her left hand... as singer posts photo of latest inking on Instagram 'She tried sooo hard!': CBB viewers are left 'cringing' as Bianca Gascoigne shows off her singing skills... five years after failed X Factor audition A little inspirational reading! Best friends Kim Kardashian and Chrissy Teigen are starting a book club together Book worms Greensleeves! Khloe Kardashian rocks fur coat with figure-hugging bodysuit on Snapchat  She has declared herself the family's denim maven 'I was definitely not planning on falling in love': Karlie Kloss opens up about her relationship with entrepreneur Joshua Kushner Made-up! Taylor Swift declares herself the first person to wear glitter lip for a music video in BTS clip for I Don't Wanna Live Forever All that glitters is not old That looks Hoff-ully sore! David Hasselhoff flashes painful looking gash on his leg as he visits salon in shorts and boots She's angelic! Dakota Johnson wears white gown to promote erotic sequel Fifty Shades Darker on chat show Looked simply stunning for her appearance Amber Heard cuts somber figure in all-black outfit while visiting law office in Santa Monica after finalising divorce Headed to a meeting James Corden hosts American Songbook Gala honoring his boss Leslie Moonves and CBS network Star-studded New York City event Style queen! Kelly Ripa sparkles in silky black dress and embellished heels at NY gala with hubby Mark Consuelos Handsome pair  She's got good jeans! Miranda Kerr looks radiant in high waisted trousers and sheer mesh top for launch of denim collection in Los Angeles Signing off! Christina Ricci looks elegant as she makes time for fans waiting in the cold outside late night TV studio in NYC She bares it well! Elizabeth Berkley can't decide between two cleavage baring frocks as Showgirls star shops till she drops in Hollywood Here comes Auntie Kelly! A smiling Rowland arrives back in LA... after former bandmate Beyonce's pregnancy announcement Bee Gees Barry met his wife through Jimmy Savile: Singer refuses to discuss the story of how they were introduced but reveals he's terrified of dying The Santa Clarita Diet works! Drew Barrymore stuns in LBD at Netflix series premiere after revealing 20lb weight loss Sounds painful! Mel Gibson and Vince Vaughn team up for police brutality film Dragged Across Concrete  What a duo Making a splash! Karlie Kloss flaunts seemingly endless legs in sheer mini skirt at Bondi Beach after walking in David Jones fashion show 'Please pray for this family': Kim Kardashian supports Texas mother whose eight-month-old son died after 'nearly drowning while in the care of a babysitter' Off to the races! Sofia Richie bares midriff in cropped checkered hoodie after dinner date with F1 champ Lewis Hamilton This'll get the fur flying! Dakota Johnson wears ANOTHER animal hide jacket hours after wearing mink coat decorated with skinned tiger motif Megan McKenna shares a joke with Pete Wicks as they enjoy a night out in Tenerife with TOWIE co-stars... as they put THAT blazing row behind them Didn't get the memo? TOWIE's James 'Diags' Bennewith covers up in a white top as he hits the beach in Tenerife with musclebound shirtless co-stars Have they written baby into the script? Pregnant Zooey Deschanel has her bump on full display while filming New Girl Looking great  The ladies are vamps! Kim Kardashian and North match in chic all-black looks as they lunch with Saint and Jonathan Cheban in NYC PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Mischa Barton buys booze at grocery as she emerges for first time since THAT incoherent rant Looked sombre  Top of the crops! Sweat-soaked Bella Thorne shows off midriff as she indulges in fro-yo after working out with older sister Dani Modern style! Ariel Winter keeps things simple in ripped jeans and white t-shirt... as her black bra peeks out Looked casual and chic  Someone's got to take care of the kids! Kourtney Kardashian bonds with daughter Penelope while Scott Disick parties with women in Miami 'He hates everything': I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! fans brand Tom Arnold a 'grumpy old man' after the US actor admits he's hating the experience 'The fumes might be toxic and I've still got your money!' J.K. Rowling tweets sassy retorts to Harry Potter fans who threatened to burn her books The bad and the funny! Bryan Cranston and Kevin Hart spotted on set of new film The Untouchables in Philadelphia Beanie babe! A smiling Busy Philipps steps out wearing a knit cap in NYC...just one day after confronting her ex Colin Hanks on live TV Here comes another Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Rookie! Russian Vita Sidorkina is latest model to make the 2017 list Absolute bombshell Karlie Kloss goes for a morning run with celebrity trainer Christian Miranda after dazzling on the David Jones Autumn/Winter catwalk Back in a bikini! Chrissy Teigen looks flawless as she returns to Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue months after welcoming baby Luna 'I'm selling myself short': Ed Sheeran aims to outdo Adele... as he reveals determination to prove to his father that he's not 'lazy' is his driving force  Ready for spring! Selma Blair soaks up sunshine in floral frock while out and about in Los Angeles  Stopped by a friends house Definitely not feeling Misérables! Les Mis star Samantha Barks beams as she accepts a kiss from beau Jack Fox at EE Rising Star Awards party Mama's boy! Make-up free Jennifer Garner walks hand-in-hand with son Samuel after dropping daughters off at school Quality time Packing on the PDA! Lisa Vanderpump openly smooches husband Ken Todd after family lunch in Los Angeles 'Outfit of the day': Kylie Jenner shows off her curves in velour sweatpants and snakeskin boots in new Instagram Highlighted her curves  Football heartthrob Cristiano Ronaldo takes girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez out for a romantic meal as they celebrate her 23rd birthday in Madrid VIDEO EXCLUSIVE: Margot Robbie shows off her impressive skating skills as she hits the ice as disgraced figure skater Harding for film I, Tonya 'I was flat chested for years - now I love my curves': Model JODIE KIDD reveals her essential style secrets and says she suffered from severe anxiety PICTURED: Jennifer Lopez bumps into ex-lover Casper Smart while on girls' night out with BFF Leah Remini  Ex-lovers crossed  paths in Los Angeles  'He's still a couch surfer to me': Scott Disick's former manager slams 'entitled' reality star as he says 'remember where you came from' Chrissy Metz's mum reveals This Is Us star's secret heartbreak over failed marriage before finding fame in NBC drama Five-year marriage  Game, set, and munch! Maria Sharapova cuts a chic figure in blue gingham midi dress as she launches sweet collection in Moscow Looking tasty  'So beautiful!': Rita Ora congratulates pregnant Beyonce on baby news... after she was accused of having an affair with Jay Z in 'Becky' scandal PICTURED: Grantchester's crime-fighting vicar James Norton goes to the dark side as he joins Russian underworld in new drama McMafia Kendra Wilkinson gives her social media followers an eyeful in skimpy rainbow bikini  She's  has never been to shy away from stripping down Bethenny Frankel puts on a brave face as she picks up daughter Bryn from school...days after ex Jason Hoppy is arrested for stalking and harassing her Lily-Rose Depp, 17, showcases model frame in sweatshirt and leggings after Paris Fashion Week success She was the star of the show 'There's no crying in baseball!' Kendall Jenner shares sultry lingerie-clad snap as she declares 'boys lie' Showed off her slender physique  My big fat fabulous pregnancy! Reality star Whitney Thore confirms she's expecting It's safe to say she didn't see this one coming Coleen Rooney flaunts her gym-honed legs in skinny jeans as she goes make-up free while running errands near her home in Cheshire Out and about Twice as nice! Jasmin Walia trades her thigh-skimming floral dress for demure cream creation as she leads the glamour at fashion launch Newly-single Caroline Flack shows ex Blue Logan what he's missing as she flaunts some serious cleavage in black jumpsuit at InStyle BAFTAs bash  Storm in a C-cup! Singer Tallia flashes nipple pasties in sheer top as she rocks daring leather ensemble at InStyle BAFTAs bash Caught the eye 'I'd have a panic attack looking at that clutter': Vicky Pattison shows off taut abs in inspiring selfie... but horrified fans are distracted by her shockingly messy room SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Midwife star swaps prams for minidress - Charlotte Ritchie sports patterned outfit as she attends party in Mayfair 'My rock, my best friend': Bikini-clad Kim Zolciak swoons over husband Kroy Biermann in beach vacation snaps She shared some shots from her vacation Behind-the-scenes footage from Touch video shows Little Mix video WASN'T Photoshopped to slim down Jesy Nelson's figure TOWIE's Megan McKenna goes for hippy chic in thigh-skimming mini as she joins braless newbie Amber Turner for Tenerife filming Off to the ballet! Kim Kardashian is striking in blue while North stands out in neon outfit she co-designed as they take in Swan Lake in NYC Night out EXCLUSIVE 'It's a struggle to keep things exciting with two kids': Imogen Thomas on 'working on' relationship with Adam Horsley and how she 'hates' her voluptuous curves Topless Blac Chyna brands herself the 'queen' as she copies Kim Kardashian's naked white paint photo shoot Put on an eye-popping display  Isn't that bad luck? Love Island's Olivia Buckland flouts superstition as she brings co-star fiancé Alex Bowen wedding dress shopping 'Your boyfriend two-timed his wife!': CBB's Kim Woodburn lets rip at Bianca Gascoigne in explosive row after being labelled the 'naughtiest housemate'  Mayhem in the CBB house as Coleen Nolan twerks and Nicola McLean pretends to snort cocaine from sugar in outrageous rock band task Jemma Lucy sends pulses racing as she strips to her lingerie and pulls down her knickers in racy selfie Clad in just a grey bralet and skimpy briefs The full treatment! Makeup-free Ashley Greene looks very relaxed as she gets a massage while having her nails done at the same time Making the sidewalk her runway! Gigi Hadid is chic in skintight leather jeans and sporty jacket as she steps out in NYC Hard to miss The family is back': Nicki Minaj and Drake reunite after TWO years to call a truce following her split with Meek Mill The bitter feud ids clearly over  Back to normal! Elle Fanning resumes workout routine in Los Angeles after going to Sundance for film premiere Worked up a sweat  From drab to fab! Make-up free Diane Kruger swaps out her sweats as she makes chic transformation for an evening out in New York City 'Happy Birthday, my beautiful boy': Rose Byrne's partner Bobby Cannavale shares touching picture of their son Rocco on Bondi Beach as he turns one Kate Bosworth commands attention in elegant off-the-shoulder evening dress as she promotes new war drama SS-GB on The One Show Gift of the gaffe? Ruth Langsford gets pulled up by Loose Women fans as she commits epic blunder live on air The ITV stalwart, 56, became confused  Jenna Coleman enjoys a romantic stroll with boyfriend Tom Hughes... as her ex Richard Madden is 'tipped to be the next Doctor Who' Stepping out Lucy Mecklenburgh flaunts her envy-inducing abs in a chic crochet bikini as she shares more snaps from Dubai trip Toned and trim  Dan Edgar shows ex Kate Wright what she's missing as he displays his buff beach body while playing frisbee in Tenerife with his TOWIE pals Lisa Warrior Princess: Acrobatic Appleton salutes the sun in a VERY low-cut fringed swimsuit as she bends and flexes in the Spanish surf 'Have you not seen Blackfish?' Ciara slammed after she takes son Future to SeaWorld to watch killer whales perform tricks Hit the road! Bianca Gascoigne's jilted boyfriend CJ Meeks cuts a glum figure as he moves out of her flat... after her CBB romance with Jamie O'Hara 'It was time to change!' James Martin reveals he decided to leave Saturday Kitchen when a fan randomly dropped DEAD in front of him 'It's nice to have a break!' Helen Flanagan admits it's 'lovely' living apart from partner Scott Sinclair as she discusses Corrie comeback A new look: Tom Cruise, 54, appears thinner and more youthful than he has in months as he's spotted on a Georgia movie set Trim and boyish 'It's serious!': Selena Gomez 'has fallen hard and fast' for The Weeknd as new couple 'spends $250K' on Italian vacation Moving quickly 'It did more harm than good': Danniella Westbrook reveals her regrets over discussing harrowing child abuse on In Therapy appearance  Lizzie Cundy gives a peek of her bosom in navy jumpsuit as she joins a demure Aisleyne Horgan-Wallace at Imogen Thomas' swimsuit launch bash Keeping the magic alive! Jason Isaacs, Tom Felton and Matthew Lewis send fans wild with their mini Harry Potter reunion Magical bond Geordie Shore star Scotty T's DJ pal Tom Zanetti escapes serious injury after overturning £250,000 Ferrari in horror smash Close call  'Retweet if you're getting pregnant!' Kim Kardashian hints she and Kanye West are trying for baby number three as she shares cryptic post Ferne McCann cuts an effortlessly chic figure in a beige jumper and quirky baker boy cap at magazine party Always manages to look effortlessly chic Hard at work: Pregnant Amanda Seyfried and Ethan Hawke spotted on set of new Paul Schrader church drama First Reformed Hard at work Lana Del Rey leaves hair salon with spring in her step after day of pampering  Looked radiant and youthful as she left the hair salon 'I'm gonna make you miserable': Chris Brown shares scary Instagram video where he warns potential girlfriends he will 'stalk the f***' out of them 'We'll do a movie': Lena Dunham and co-stars talk life after Girls ahead of show's final season... as she reveals the one sex scene HBO wouldn't allow 'It was just rough': Norman Reedus from The Walking Dead confesses he hated filming the first half of season seven No fun being alone Pregnant Amy Childs displays blossoming baby bump in stunning shoot with jailbird beau Bradley Wright... after revealing she suffered a breakdown Jamie O'Hara parties the night away at a strip club with Calum Best... just hours after labelling CBB love-interest Bianca Gascoigne 'wifey material'  Ex On The Beach's Harriette Harper goes TOPLESS as she joins co-star Nicole Bass in sizzling shoot... after transitioning from love rivals to best friends Beautiful AND flexible! Victoria's Secret Angels including Elsa Hosk, Sara Sampaio and Lily Donaldson writhe around in underwear for sexiest shoot yet  Kiss and make up (again!): Megan McKenna proves all is forgotten as she smooches Pete Wicks during TOWIE Tenerife filming after THAT row  New couple! Nick Jonas 'was all over' Victoria's Secret Angel Sara Sampaio at bowling alley in LA Looked smitten, according to onlookers Mel B shows off her peachy derriere in a sheer leotard as she shares VERY cheeky backstage clips from her Broadway stint in Chicago Katie Piper continues to show off her new lilac dye-job as she cuts a chic and stylish figure while out for lunch Stepping out fora  bite to eat Oscar winners Leonard DiCaprio and Brie Larson are first presenters announced for the 89th Academy Awards Winning duo in 2016 Karlie Kloss displays her toned tum in stylish sportswear as she works up a serious sweat in new Adidas campaign Prince Charming! Beaming Harry is given a 'wonderful welcome' from an adorable young well-wisher on a visit in Nottingham  Sushi date! Jessica Alba leaves husband and kids at home to catch up with blonde friend at famed Japanese restaurant in Beverly Hills Fur goodness sake! Dakota Johnson wears $34K mink coat with image of skinned tiger on back to promote Fifty Shades Darker in NYC Made an entrance  New Real Housewife of Beverly Hills? Jessica Alba buys $10 million mansion next to Lisa Vanderpump  On the hillside in a gated community Terry Richardson shares photo of himself holding his twin boys who are dressed like him - days after posting VERY saucy nude image of their mother From set to street! Hilary Duff looks feminine and glam as she heads to lunch after co-hosting The Talk She went straight from set to the streets Mary Tyler Moore's widower shares his grief over her death... after it emerges there were multiple 911 calls for 'domestic incidents' to their home Trouble in paradise! Scott Disick 'quit Costa Rican getaway amid ferocious row with Kim Kardashian and Kris Jenner after sneaking a woman into their hotel' 'I have a very healthy sex life': Orange Is The New Black's Ruby Rose talks 'confidence' in her sexuality as she wears bralette for Cosmopolitan She loves to exercise! Mother-of-three Hilaria Baldwin takes a break from yoga to go on a run through the busy streets of New York City Going solo David Foster leaves strip club with mystery blonde after describing new bachelor status as 'powerful feeling' Out in West Hollywood with a woman  'It was devastating': Chrissy Metz talks poverty-stricken upbringing and reveals she had 81 cents to her name before landing This Is Us Queen Letizia of Spain looks effortlessly chic in a colour block coat as she joins King Felipe to welcome the President and First Lady of Germany A cuddle from the Queen! Maxima shows her maternal side as she meets young refugees at a school in Amsterdam  Close CBB's Spencer Pratt gets into character in a spooky mask as he puckers up to Heidi Montag on a date night at The Phantom Of The Opera 'Boarding school made me an angry person': Damian Lewis says leaving home as an eight-year-old caused his temper as an adult 'I could see everything going!' Lisa Riley treats the Loose Women panel to a detailed account of when she had sex underneath a mirror in Paris  'It was you': Taylor Swift's powerful 2016 Grammys speech recited by young girls for Believe In Music campaign  Empowering  Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Main Menu Some Spider Signs with Shareablee for Social Media Intelligence 2 February 2017Military News New York, NY, February 2, 2017 (Newswire.com) – ​​Some Spider (owners of Scary Mommy, the largest parenting property in the country and CAFE, news and humor channel reaching over 80 million people monthly), signed a deal with Shareablee Inc., the leading authority on social media measurement and intelligence. Shareablee will provide the online publisher with analytics and rankings of key performance metrics that truly highlight why they are best in breed in this classification. “Scary Mommy has quickly become the leading voice in this space with the most engaged parenting audience on social. This past December, Scary Mommy alone drove over 7 million actions across Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and YouTube — more than 5x that of the next brand. We are thrilled to be working with them as they continue to create some of the most innovative and shared content on social and mobile,” said Gloria Stitt, Head of Marketing & GM of Media at Shareablee.  To boot, advertisers have been taking notice with national advertisers like Airbnb, Chrysler, Huggies, and Lego recently running major campaigns. About Some Spider Led by a team that includes the former co-founder of Diapers.com (sold to Amazon), the head of digital at The New York Times and the Entertainment Industry Manager at Facebook, Some Spider is a profitable digital media & entertainment company backed by Marc Lore and Vinit Bharara. We are home to two identity-based channels built for mobile and social: Scary Mommy (the biggest parenting property in the country, reaching over 100 million people each month), and CAFE (2016’s breakout news and humor brand, reaching over 80 million people each month). And we are launching more. For more information, please visit www.somespider.com.  About Shareablee, Inc. Shareablee is the first and only industry-level measurement solution for media companies and brands wanting to understand the impact and effectiveness of their cross-platform social media campaigns. The platform is now available globally, with clients in 15 countries worldwide. Shareablee captures real-time interactions of more than +850M consumers against its global dictionary of brands, publishers, TV shows, influencers, celebrities and more. The company will mark its 4th anniversary in February closing 2016 with +230. Shareablee’s roster of platform clients consists of many industry leading media companies and brands, including the NBA, WWE Warner Bros, P&G, Hulu, NBC, AOL and Luxottica. The platform also includes subscribers from leading advertising agencies represented by Publicis, WPP, Maxus and Interpublic Group. In April 2015, Shareablee was named a Unilever Foundry Award winner, and in May 2015, the company was listed among EContent’s Trendsetting Products of 2015. In September of 2016, Shareablee was named an official Facebook Media Solutions Partner. For additional information, please visit www.shareablee.com. Press Contact:  Gloria Stitt ​​Gloria@shareablee.com Source: Shareablee Posted Under Uncategorized Tagged Celebrities Companies company Entertainment Home and Garden Humor Industry intelligence major Space TV Uncategorized Post navigation NetworkNewsWire: How the Trump Effect Could Boost the Environmental Sector Wireless Customers with Unlocked Phones More Satisfied with Customer Care Process Despite Experiencing Higher Contact Rates Search Search for: Partners US Restaurants Copyright © 2017 MilTech. Proudly powered by WordPress. | Theme: Awaken by ThemezHut.
Variety Editions: U.S Latino Global Asia Subscribe Today! Navigation Menu Film TV Digital Contenders Video Dirt Scene More Biz Music Legit Jobs Conferences Insight Archives Directory Choose Edition: U.S Latino Global Asia Russia | My Account Sign In Subscribe Home TV News CW Taps Cover Girl to Lend ‘Riverdale’ Characters New Accents Brian Steinberg Senior TV Editor @bristei 0 Share This Article Email LinkedIn Pin It Tumblr Print Courtesy of CW February 2, 2017 | 07:43AM PT The modern “Riverdale” as seen on CW is filled with illicit romance, intrigue – and, as it turns out, a specific brand of makeup. Cover Girl, the cosmetics unit of Coty Inc., has struck a season-long deal with the CW that gives its lipstick, mascara and other beauty supplies a heightened presence in the new drama, a modern and sometimes shocking update of the time-worn Archie comics.  Viewers who tune in tonight will notice a brief announcement at the start of the show underscoring Cover Girl’s affiliation with the show, and, later on, a 45-second vignette revealing how Cover Girl products help actress Madelaine Petsch transform herself into the character Cheryl Blossom. The advertising alliance shows the CW pushing to work more closely with sponsors seeking a female audience. When the network launched in 2006, it was seen as a haven for Madison Avenue residents eager to reach young women, thanks to programs like “Gossip Girl” and “90210.” Now, with a growing emphasis on super-hero dramas like “Arrow:” and “Flash,” one might think the network attracts more testosterone. “Riverdale” offered an opportunity to reach out to sponsors seeking female consumers, said Barbra Robin, the network’s senior vice president of integrated marketing, in an interview. “Riverdale,” she said, “really opens up the tent for those advertisers to come back in again.” Related TV’s Superheroes Grapple With Product Placement As part of the deal, Cover Girl products will be available on set for use, and viewers each week will see a vignette showing one of the show’s actresses transforming into a “Riverdale” character with time-lapse photography. Look for video stories featuring Lili Reinhardt, who plays Betty Cooper, and Ashleigh Murray, who plays Josie McCoy. The Cover Girl promotions are meant to appear no matter whether the program is seen on the regular old TV set or on a streaming service like Apple’s, said Robin. Also on tap: social-media influencers will recreate the female leads’ makeup in a series of videos on how to get the “Riverdale “looks. Each character will be linked to a particular Cover Girl product, said Amanda Knappman, marketing director for Cover Girl US. Cheryl Blossom, who boasts strong red in her lips, will use Outlast Color & Gloss, while “girl next door” Betty Cooper will use Clean Matte foundation, which is a “simple step” for skin coverage. Veronica Lodge will be linked to Lashy, a mascara that provides a bold, sexy look, said Knappman. The company hopes to reach millennial and “Generation Z consumers, she said, and hopes they’ll “be encouraged to try different techniques to play up their personalities, moods, features.” Cover Girl hasn’t been this involved with a CW series since “America’s Next Top Model,” said CW’s Robin. Behind the scenes, Publicis Groupe’s Zenith helped negotiate the deal. Brent Poer, a senior executive there, was instrumental in tying things together, said Robin. The media executive has a long history with the CW. When the network launched, he played a key role in devising “content wraps,” or commercial pods devoted to a single advertiser. More often than not, sponsors who chose to use the concept would run 90-seconds of programming devoted to hawking their wares. Procter & Gamble, which once owned Cover Girl, ran a newsmagazine type vignette showing women making use of products like Herbal Essences. Some members of the cast might make their own cosmetics choices. In a recent interview with Teen Vogue, Petsch suggested she might rely on her own selections to create Cheryl Blossom’s look. The CW is hopeful the show can snare other advertisers seeking young female consumers. “My end game is to tell more stories and create more content around the show with partners,” said Robin. Filed Under: Cover Girl Cw Madelaine Petsch Riverdale Tv Advertising Want to read more articles like this one? SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY. Post A Comment 0 2016-2017 Oscar Predictions Most Popular 1 Film 12:01AM PT Eric Clapton Movie to Be Directed by Oscar-Winner Lili Fini Zanuck 2 Film 12:00AM PT Film Review: ‘Rings’ 3 Film 10:44PM PT Film Review: ‘The Grace of Jake’ 4 TV 7:00PM PT Carol Burnett’s TV Return Inches Closer With Official ABC Pilot Order 5 TV 6:45PM PT ‘The Goldbergs’ 1990’s Spinoff Picked Up to Pilot at ABC Is It Finally Time to Give Laika an Oscar? Playback: Barry Jenkins on ‘Moonlight’ and Making ‘Bittersweet’ Oscar History Lionsgate Aces Oscar Noms With Different Approaches SAG Awards: ‘Hidden Figures,’ Denzel Washington Wins Provide Surprises, Keep the Season Interesting Variety Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut See More Jobs Marketplace Leave a Reply No Comments Cancel reply Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. More TV News from Variety The Power of Content Say Goodbye to Your Cable Clutter with the Bluelounge CableBin Lili Fini Zanuck Helming Eric Clapton Documentary; Altitude On… Sneakersnstuff and Social Status Collab on Ultra Boosts for the… HTGAWM Recap: Philly Prison Blues Nokia's Android phones probably won't live up to the company's… Subscribe to Variety Today! All The Ways to Get Variety Online Subscription Print Subscription Mobile Apps Newsletters News Alerts Archives Slanguage Dictionary Help Other Variety Products Media: Variety 411 Research & Data: Variety Insight Archives Premium Email Alerts Real Estate Jobs Access the best entertainment industry data available View the Variety archives dating back to 1905 Get News Delivered To Your Inbox Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use About Us Advertise Contact Us Google+ The Power of Content Deadline india.com Hollywoodlife @hollywood TV Line BGR WWD Footwearnews © Copyright 2017 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Variety411: Your production services resource ad
Home News Awards Media Mecca Print Newspapers Magazines Broadcasting TV Radio Cinema Digital Mobile Online Agencies Advertising Media agency Public Relations Out of Home Media Education Media Mentor Research Video and Audio Menu Home News Awards Media Mecca Print Newspapers Magazines Broadcasting TV Radio Cinema Digital Mobile Online Agencies Advertising Media agency Public Relations Out of Home Media Education Media Mentor Research Video and Audio TICKER Fake news: The internet has turned an age-old problem into a new threat Bright media innovators’ projects get innovateAFRICA funding boost TMO.live: All about tabloids with Abdul Milazi Friday briefs: 24: Legacy premiere, Loeries entries open, impactAFRICA journalism contest, new Singleton ad Driving subs: From paywalls to premium content Getting it seen and getting it right Visual-first journalism at The New York Times (and everywhere) Media Moves: The MediaShop now has Level 1 BEE status, Lesegokelame Modise new MD of JWT Volkwyn prepares to leave her chair at Primedia Local media brands pushing 50 are worthy of special attention Home News Media Mecca Media Moves: The MediaShop now has Level 1 BEE status, Lesegokelame Modise new MD of JWT Media Moves: The MediaShop now has Level 1 BEE status, Lesegokelame Modise new MD of JWT Posted By: TMO ReporterOn: February 02, 2017In: Media Mecca The weekly round up of media moves: Lesegokelame Modise new MD of JWT. Celebrity Services Africa opens in Nigeria with Ijeoma Ndekwu at helm. Nkhensani Moyane appointed MD of Glasshouse. NATIVE VML wins double second places at Creative Circle Awards. The MediaShop awarded Level 1 BEE. Primedia Unlimited has moved. MamaMagic, The Baby Expo is the Best Consumer Exhibition. South African agency ensures that London beauty salon soars. This week’s BIG move: The MediaShop awarded Level 1 BEE The MediaShop has reached another milestone in its journey and pioneering values by being the first and only media agency in the country to be awarded Level 1 BEE status. “The MediaShop has always believed in uplifting both our staff and our country’s citizens and we’re absolutely thrilled that the work we’ve consistently put into our people has been recognised,” says group managing director, Chris Botha. The BEE grading committee has deemed that its criteria of Ownership; Management Control; Skills Development; Enterprise and Supplier Development; Socio Economic Development and Responsible Communications & Marketing have all been successfully accounted for by The MediaShop. “It’s the combined effort of our many internal training initiatives, uplifting of small businesses, intern training, 55% black management structure and so much more that combined, has enabled us to reach this goal,” says Botha. Executive chairman, Ben Nkosi, has participated in business and leadership programmes both in South Africa and abroad for many years. “Empowered employees make for powerful and responsible citizens that have the ability to change the world, merely by approaching a situation from a different angle, and that’s exactly what we encourage our people to do. The Level 1 rating is as much for our staff as it is for The MediaShop,” he says. Botha adds: “We believe that Level 1 BEE truly reflects our values of being pioneering, especially as the first media agency to achieve this status. We are also living our philosophy of being non-discriminatory, accountable and inspired, and that’s crucial not only for our clients but also for our staff as a critical part of our forward thinking organisation.” Who’s moved where  Lesegokelame Modise new MD of JWT Walter Thompson South Africa has announced the appointment of Lesegokelame Modise to managing partner of the Johannesburg team, with immediate effect. Modise, or ‘Lame’ as he prefers to be called, will work in close partnership with the team’s executive creative director, Nick Liatos, to grow clients’ brands and businesses. Lame brings more than 15 year’s industry experience across sectors to his new role. During that time, he worked with the J. Walter Thompson company for five years, initially leading on the Telkom account, and then subsequently as business unit director on Global Team Blue. Leading teams in other industry sectors, Lame’s portfolio of expertise includes financial services, FMCG, alcohol, telco, tourism, automotive and B2B, working with brands such as ABSA, Ford, SAT, SABMiller, Coca-Cola, Dulux, Nandos, Unisa, GCIS and Standard Bank. “I believe South Africa, and Gauteng in particular, are hotbeds of innovation, development and growth,” says Lame. “Cultures around the world are becoming increasingly urbanised, so we are in the most exciting of places to be, right here right now. And we need to leverage that, for our talent and for our clients – mentoring not only the leaders of the future, but finding the right brand solutions for a better and brighter tomorrow. “  Celebrity Services Africa opens in Nigeria with Ijeoma Ndekwu at helm Global communications, events and talent agency, Celebrity Services Africa has announced the opening of a new office in Lagos, Nigeria, adding to their network of offices in Cape Town, South Africa and Beverly Hills, USA. Heading up communications for the Nigeria office is Ijeoma Ndekwu, an award-winning lifestyle journalist and brand relationship builder who specialises in designing strategic integrated campaigns that support enterprises as well as start-ups to innovate, accelerate and grow. “I’m excited about the new capabilities and capacity which CSA will offer Nigerian companies. At the same time we’ll be able to present local and multi-national companies with resources and a pool of talent from around the world working on a variety of projects,” says Ndekwu, who has executed various campaigns and strategic partnerships for a number of SMEs, government agencies and international corporations in Nigeria. While CSA has had a strong presence in Africa – working on major strategies with such clients as Johnnie Walker (including the much talked about Lekki Bridge “Walking Man” New Year’s Eve social media stunt), Ciroc Vodka, the All African Business Awards, Carlson Rezidor hotels and Airlink airlines, among many others – the opening of the Lagos office will present Nigerian and pan-African companies access to the company’s high level capabilities and global experience. Nkhensani Moyane appointed MD of Glasshouse Executive director of Glasshouse Communications Management, Bridget van Holdt, is handing over the reins of managing director to the very capable Nkhensani Moyane. “Transformation has been uppermost on our agenda and this appointment is an important milestone in the development of GHCM. While I will be stepping down and leaving GHCM, I will remain a shareholder and director during the transition,” she said. “My passion remains in the public relations profession and I will be pursuing other exciting ventures, about which I will advise in due course.” Who’s won what NATIVE VML wins double second places at Creative Circle Awards The winners for October/November/December Creative Circle Awards have been announced and NATIVE VML has been awarded two second places in the Digital Interactive and Television, Video and Cinema categories for Absolut One Source. NATIVE VML, lead agency on Absolut Vodka, teamed up with multi-award winning Motswako artist Khuli Chana and some of Africa’s leading musicians to launch a pan-African musical collaboration called One Source. The integrated campaign, already being hailed as one of the hottest musical collaborations of its kind, followed Khuli Chana and other leading African musicians as they journeyed across Africa to create a concept album called One Source. “The One Source project has allowed us to transform Absolut’s unique positioning as ‘The World’s Only One Source Vodka’ into a rallying cry for the creative revolution that is spreading across the continent. One Source not only refers to the fact that every drop of Absolut comes from one place, but that we, as Africans and human beings, all come from the same source too,” says Jason Xenopoulos, CEO NATIVE VML. MamaMagic, The Baby Expo, is the Best Consumer Exhibition  MamaMagic, The Baby Expo, scooped up two Best Consumer Exhibition awards at the 2016 African Association of Exhibition Organisers (AAXO) and Exhibition Association of South Africa (EXSA) Exhibition Industry Awards held on in late January. This joint awards evening celebrated and recognised excellence in the categories of construction, design, exhibition, organisation and exhibitor participation. MamaMagic, The Baby Expo won the Best Consumer Exhibition 6 001 to 12 00m² award for the Johannesburg Winter exhibition which ran from 12 to 15 May 2016 and a second Joint Best Consumer Exhibition 12 001 m² award for the Johannesburg Summer exhibition which was held from 1 to 4 December 2016. Pampers by Procter & Gamble and Born Fabulous; two of MamaMagic, The Baby Expo exhibitors received distinctions for their exhibiting stands and won in the Consumer Exhibition Category.  “We pride ourselves in offering the best exhibition experience for both our exhibitors and visitors, and these recognitions are ways for us to measure our success in the past year and move the bar higher for our next exhibitions,” said MamaMagic, The Baby Expo Exhibition director, Warren Murray. Who’s making moves South African agency ensures that London beauty salon soars Blush+Blow, a brand that was established with the help of South African advertising agency, Creative Zoo Advertising (CZA), is taking Londoners by storm. Joburg-based CZA designed the upmarket beauty salon’s brand and visual identity which has been so well received that it has contributed to Blush+Blow being featured in a review by The Telegraph of the best beauty salons around the UK and has been voted as one of the 10 most Instagram-able beauty salons in the UK.  The salon was founded by South African Bridget O’Keeffe, makeup artist, beauty blogger and entrepreneur in London last year. Director at CZA, Bjorn Annegarn says they assisted O’Keeffe in the metamorphosis of her vision from an idea into a brand with a visual identity to match the essence of the experience she wanted to create at Blush+Blow. Annegarn says, “CZA was able to create a unique brand identity in the market not only through a bright colour palette and fun playful iconography but also through the mechanisms used to create interest during the launch phase of Blush+Blow.” He adds, “By gaining an in-depth understanding of Bridget’s business we’ve been able to anticipate her marketing needs and contribute to refining the customer experience by giving her the tools she needs to create a world class experience. Technology has meant that despite the distance between CZA and Blush+Blow we’re still able to work closely with Bridget and ensure her needs are met”. Primedia Unlimited has moved  Primedia Unlimited, South Africa’s leading provider of out of home and ambient media solutions has moved offices. The company’s new address is 151 5th Avenue, Sandown. The reception team can be contacted on T: 010 306 5100 or lindaw@primedia-unlimited.co.za for general queries. “We’re delighted to be in a new space – it’s given us an opportunity to optimise how we work, and more importantly, has given our people a happier, more modern home,” says group CEO Ryan Williams. “I can’t wait to host our great clients and partners here.” Related Articles: Friday briefs: 24: Legacy premiere, Loeries entries open, impactAFRICA journalism contest, new Singleton ad Media moves: Indy Media launches youth leader competition, SABC Sport inks deal with EFC Disruption and growth: Tech and media predictions for 2017 Media moves: Lensing to head up SARIE KOS, Kagiso Media boosts commercial ops Want to continue this conversation on The Media Online platforms? Comment on Twitter @MediaTMO or on our Facebook page. Send us your suggestions, comments, contributions or tip-offs via e-mail to glenda@wagthedog.co.za or michael@wagthedog.co.za Share this: Email Print Tags: Ben NkosiBridget van HoldtCSAIjeoma NdekwuJWTLesegokelame ModiseNative VMLPrimedia UnlimitedThe MediaShop Previous Volkwyn prepares to leave her chair at Primedia Next Visual-first journalism at The New York Times (and everywhere) Related Articles Friday briefs: 24: Legacy premiere, Loeries entries open, impactAFRICA journalism contest, new Singleton ad February 03, 2017 Media moves: Indy Media launches youth leader competition, SABC Sport inks deal with EFC January 26, 2017 Disruption and growth: Tech and media predictions for 2017 January 24, 2017 Follow Us ABOUT US The Media Online is the definitive online point of reference for South Africa’s media industry offering relevant, focused and topical news on the media sector. We deliver up-to-date industry insights, guest columns, case studies, content from local and global contributors, news, views and interviews on a daily basis as well as providing an online home for The Media magazine’s content, which is posted on a monthly basis. Find out more here CONTACT US Wag the Dog Publishers Pty Ltd Editor: Glenda Nevill glenda@wagthedog.co.za Publisher: Sandra Gordon sgordon@stonesoup.co.za Advertising: Jacqueline Bayes or Paul Nelson jacqueline@wagthedog.co.za paul@wagthedog.co.za Tel: 011 447 7740 Follow Us Subscribe to our Email Newsletter Name Email Subscribe Copyright © 2015 The Media Online. All rights reserved. Part of Wag the Dog Publishers Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Tax calculatorBudget news | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Budget 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise PRESENTING SPONSOR CO-SPONSOR PARTNERS Home » Opinion » The Corporate Outsider Last Modified: Tue, Jan 31 2017. 10 14 PM IST Donald Trump and the dilemma of corporations The corporate sector is at odds over how to place political morality above the prime task of running an efficient business in light of Donald Trump’s immigration ban policy Subscribe to our newsletter. Sundeep Khanna While new-age companies like Google and Facebook were unanimous in their criticism of Donald Trump’s order, there were other, more traditional companies in industries like airlines, banks, automobiles and pharma that have so far saved their fire. Photo: AFP Draconian and monstrous as US president Donald Trump’s diktat on banning refugees and migrants from seven Muslim countries seems, what is more fascinating is American society’s response to it. So far at least most sections of the US public have shown a willingness to oppose what they believe is wrong. The corporate sector, of course, is caught in a quandary. Do you place political morality above the prime task of running an efficient business? Already Google chief executive officer (CEO) Sundar Pichai and Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg have expressed their reservations about Trump’s move. Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz went one better, announcing that his company planned to hire 10,000 refugees over five years in 75 countries, while Airbnb said it would provide free housing to refugees and anyone not allowed into the US. But their response may well be driven by business interests. Multiculturalism has been one of the basic tenets of multinational businesses, particularly in newer industries. In fact, ride-sharing pioneer Uber, after facing flak for appearing to profit from a stoppage by taxi drivers, announced it would create a $3 million defence fund to help cover the legal expenses associated with the executive order. So far at least we haven’t see business leaders in other countries, including India, coming out strongly against the selective bans. While new-age companies like Google and Facebook were unanimous in their criticism of the Trump order, there were other, more traditional companies in industries like airlines, banks, automobiles and pharma that have so far saved their fire. Bloomberg reported how General Electric chief executive officer Jeff Immelt’s internal mail on the issue avoided direct criticism of Trump’s policy even as it reiterated the company’s multi-cultural character. It isn’t an easy call, no matter how amoral the refusal to stand up to a tyrannical order may appear. German companies like IG Farben (which split after World War II into four companies including Bayer and Sanofi) used slave labour in its factories during the Third Reich, evidence of which came much later in the form of class action lawsuits brought by former forced and slave labourers against German companies that exploited them during World War II. In 2011, the dynasty behind the BMW luxury car maker admitted to having used slave labour in its plants during the war. Other companies, including German banks, took over flourishing Jewish businesses for a pittance. Repugnant as their actions are, consider for a moment what might have been had these companies decided not to toe the Nazi government line. Some of the most renowned German companies of today, household names like Siemens, Volkswagen, Krupp, DaimlerChrysler, may well have ceased to exist in their unequal battle with the Nazi machinery. For all the cinematic appeal of Oskar Schindler, the good German businessman made famous by Steven Spielberg, it was an almost impossible task for a company, let alone an executive, to resist the might of a malevolent state. It’s a bit like expecting Indian companies to have stopped production or issued harsh reprimands of the government during the dark days of the Emergency between 1975 and 1977. Few did. Not unexpectedly, the public in general expects companies to wear their conscience on their sleeve. According to an annual survey by public affairs agency Global Strategy Group, 84% of Americans believe that businesses have a responsibility to bring social change on important issues, just behind the President (89%) and Congress (92%). The study also found that 81% of Americans believe corporations should take action to address important issues facing society. US businesses, led by more aware and independent leaders, have in the recent past shown a definite willingness to take on these actions. When the US Supreme Court legalized gay marriage across the US, blue-chip companies like Procter & Gamble and Goldman Sachs were at the forefront of the movement. Having built their own companies on the principle of equality and diversity, they argued forcefully for the right of all human beings to marry. In 2010, when Arizona pushed through Senate Bill 1070, a controversial anti-immigration measure which gave law enforcement officers the right to demand proof of immigration status on the grounds of suspicion, race, colour or national origin, it was the business community which led the fight to drop some of the more reprehensible parts of the law. The Trump ban is another moment of truth for companies and executives not just in the US but everywhere including in India. Expediency, and the wait-and-watch attitude, may protect their bottom lines. But there are some lines that transcend numbers. Sundeep Khanna is a consulting editor at Mint and oversees the newsroom’s corporate coverage. The Corporate Outsider will look at current issues and trends in the corporate sector every week. Click here to read more from The Corporate Outsider. Sundeep Khanna Topics: Donald TrumpimmigrationTrump immigrationGoogleGE More From Livemint READ MORE News in Numbers | Federal judges in 5 US states object to Trump’s immigration ban RBI may go for 25 bps repo rate cut next week: Deutsche Bank Remonetisation exercise nearly complete: Shaktikanta Das First Published: Tue, Jan 31 2017. 12 26 PM IST Editor's Picks Union Budget 2017: The hits and misses, according to Montek Singh Ahluwalia Ola’s valuation marked down 40% by US’s Vanguard Group The silver lining in H1B visa reforms Latest News RBI may go for 25 bps repo rate cut next week: Deutsche Bank Remonetisation exercise nearly complete: Shaktikanta Das Attorney general’s office is not a public authority under the RTI Act: Delhi HC India’s gold demand falls 21% in 2016: World Gold Council report Amazon likely to ramp up investments in India, despite drag on profits Mint On Sunday The real dangal What's really behind the Bhangar agitation? Letter from... earth The four-and-a-half-day week Of the Australian Open and why the old codgers still dominate tennis  Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Budget 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Main Menu Tour Audio Systems Rental Enhances Truck Manufacturer’s Events 2 February 2017Military News Kenworth Trucks Relies on TourGuide Solutions for Wireless Audio Systems GREEN BAY, Wis. – Feb. 1, 2017 – PRLog — Kenworth has discovered the benefits of using headsets to enhance the quality of communications during its big spring and fall showcase events for key sales partners. The respected truck manufacturer rents additional Sennheiser 2020 tour systems and headsets from its tour guide system supplier, TourGuide Solutions. The rental equipment ensures participants are able to enjoy a high-quality tour experience at the Kenworth assembly plants in Renton, Washington, and Chillicothe, Ohio. “Kenworth already owns Sennheiser 2020 tour audio systems for regular use at each plant,” said Alan Ruffell, Product Manager at TourGuide Solutions. “The company ramps up capacity through the use of our rental program for these seasonal events. It’s a cost-effective way to temporarily serve larger numbers of participants without making a severe dent in the event budget.” The Sennheiser tour audio system features a one-way wireless system with an optional handheld microphone for questions and answers from the audience. The 6-channel digital technology allows for multiple tours at the same time. The system carries a range of 150 feet from transmitter to receiver and volume adjustments on each set of stethophone receivers give individuals complete control. The Sennheiser 2020 systems feature easy setup, options for using a microphone or going hands-free, and a charging case that makes it easy to manage equipment before and after a tour. This is important for large-scale events where event hosts are managing concurrent tours and trying to create a personal experience with more than 100 tour headsets. “We encourage customers to request a demo kit to try out equipment before making any tour audio systems rental decision,” Ruffell said. “We also offer onsite services to ensure complete satisfaction with the equipment.” About TourGuide Solutions TourGuide Solutions is an affiliate company of OwnersEdge Inc., a 100 percent employee-owned ESOP holding company based in Brookfield, Wisconsin. TourGuide Solutions, founded in 1998, has provided a wide range of Fortune 500 companies with audio equipment to usher guests through live, interactive plant tours. Its clients include Toyota, Nestle, Coca-Cola, Kellogg’s, Whirlpool, John Deere and P&G. TourGuide Solutions represents a wide array of product lines, including Sennheiser 2020, Williams Sound Digi-wave, Listen Technologies and its own TGS-900. TourGuide Solutions offers warranty protection, with post-warranty care standard with every purchase. Next-day service is available to locations within the United States. Call 877-204-0225 or visit http://tourguidesolutions.com for more information about TourGuide Solutions products or to request a quote for a tour audio systems rental. View original post on tour audio systems rental here. Media Contact TourGuide Solutions 877-204-0225 info@tourguidesolutions.com Photos: (Click photo to enlarge) Read Full Story – Tour Audio Systems Rental Enhances Truck Manufacturer’s Events | More news from this source Press release distribution by PRLog Posted Under Uncategorized Tagged Companies company post service Technology Uncategorized Post navigation What is a Challenge Coin? It’s Elementary for Medalcraft Mint Pinnacle Bank Announces Successful Completion of Rights Offering Search Search for: Partners US Restaurants Copyright © 2017 MilTech. Proudly powered by WordPress. | Theme: Awaken by ThemezHut.
Case Studies Case Finder Pinpoint the case evidence you need – search by industry, objective, media and more. Latest Awards Browse campaigns from the world's leading advertising and marketing effectiveness awards. Warc Prizes The latest from our annual case study competitions. Warc 100 Our ranking of the world's best marketing campaigns and companies. Topics Warc Index Browse Warc by subject. Brands & branding Campaign development Campaign measurement Consumer research & insight Geographies Industry sectors Marketing management Marketing strategy Media channels & touchpoints Media strategy Target audiences Best Practice Key Warc papers on marketing best practice. Company Profiles In-depth analysis of 200 global brand owners. Strategy Toolkit Develop your skills as a marketing strategist. ROI Benchmarker Compare your ROI with the Warc database. Pitch Support Get the edge you need in new business. Trends Latest Trends Latest reports from Warc and trusted partners offering unique insights into current trends. Consumers The driving forces behind consumer behaviour. Industries New developments for industries and sectors. Marketing Strategic insight for the marketing of brands. Media & Tech Latest innovations in media and technology. Geographies Insight and intelligence for countries and regions. News News Daily coverage of key developments for marketers worldwide. The Warc Blog Insights, opinions and fresh new thinking from our team of bloggers around the world. Data Data homepage Overview of databases, forecasts and reports. Adspend Database Annual ad expenditure data for 96 markets. Media Costs Database Compare costs by media and target audience. Adspend Forecasts International and Consensus ad forecasts. Media Consumption Trends by primary media and second screen. Global Marketing Index A monthly indicator of the state of the industry. Events Event Reports Key briefings from major conferences and events in the US, Europe and Asia Pacific. Event Listings Plan your schedule of must-attend events with our global calendar of conferences. Warc Webinars Learn how to tackle key marketing challenges from leading experts in our series of in-depth webinars. About About Warc Content & Partners What Our Clients Say Copyright Policy Help Client Services Request a Trial Contacts Warc Store For our market-leading publications and events Log In Advanced Search Contact us on +1 202 778 0680 Do I Subscribe? Toggle navigation Case Finder Index Trends Warc 100 ROI Benchmarker Event reports Webinars Data Warc Prizes News Warc Plus Email updates Help Contacts About Log In Home > News Other Top Stories Can marketing change ingrained habits? No stereotypes for no-label men Ad formats drive ad blocking Is Snapchat losing out to Instagram? Rugby fans are 'marketing goldmine' Luxury struggles with digital Cost is key to rural FTA View more news Warc Media Awards: Partnerships winners 02 February 2017 GLOBAL: Mars-owned confectionery brand M&Ms, retailer John Lewis, tea brand Brooke Bond Red Label and the US Army have won Golds in the Effective Use of Partnerships and Sponsorships category in the Warc Media Awards. These Awards recognise communications planning that has made a positive impact on business results. The Effective use of partnerships & sponsorships category rewards collaborations with third parties, including native advertising and sponsorships, that have helped brands meet business goals. M&Ms celebrated its 75th anniversary by using digital partnerships to reinvent its iconic Candyman song which helped it to engage millennials and reverse a sales decline. The campaign was through BBDO New York and MediaCom. Anna Watkins, partner, Mofilm, and Warc Media Awards judge commented: "The results were stellar. Even though a lot of the other sponsorships were beautifully executed, this also delivered innovation and results." Manning Gottlieb OMD's partnership between charity Age UK and John Lewis that highlighted the social problem of older people being alone at Christmas was another Gold winner. "This partnership was a genuine and authentic way to make people think about an issue that's not easy to talk about," said judge Kerry Hemmerich, EVP, Group Client Director, Spark SMG. Brooke Bond Red Label, the Hindustan Unilever-owned tea brand, used the power of popular culture and a partnership with Y-Films to highlight the social issue of discrimination against India's transgender community. The 6 pack Band initiative impressed judges, winning it a Gold in this category as well as in the Best Use of Data category. Brandon Keenen, Brand Partnerships, Europe, Buzzfeed, said: "This musical collaboration was risky in a conservative country but it was a great use of local content and was really impactful, achieving more for the transgender community than for the brand itself." The US Army picked up a Gold for its partnership with the movie Independence Day: Resurgence. Through MRM//McCann, this campaign helped it to increase its recruitment rate and change perceptions. Consultant Brian Goldstein, who was on the judging panel, said: "They identified a really unique way in and made people stop and look at them." Two gaming-led campaigns won Silvers: in Under Armour's Game Changer campaign, through Optimum Sports and Droga5, the sportswear brand powered up Stephen Curry, one of the basketball players it sponsors, in the NBA 2K video game series. And Nissan Controller, from OMD Finland and TBWA Helsinki, saw the car brand grow test drive requests through an innovative partnership with PlayStation, entertainment company Konami and UEFA Champions League. Finally, P&G Prestige won a Bronze for Smell My Neck, a campaign through Starcom US which used online video to show off the power of smell and increase sales in the fragrance category. Special Awards in this category – and in the other three Warc Media Awards categories – along with all the Grand Prix Awards will be presented at an event in London on Thursday 9 February where guests will hear from winners and judges. Readers can register to attend here. Data sourced from Warc Read more from Warc: What we know about brand partnerships Airbnb seeks out new brand partnerships ITV: Fusion - Planning and evaluating the implicit benefits of brand partnerships Citi strikes the right note with music partnerships HCL Technologies: Launch of Manchester United's digital transformation partnership with HCL Technologies Register for a trial Sign up for news A daily bulletin for marketers Other top stories Can marketing change ingrained habits? No stereotypes for no-label men Ad formats drive ad blocking Is Snapchat losing out to Instagram? Rugby fans are 'marketing goldmine' Luxury struggles with digital Cost is key to rural FTA View more news × Unable to share news. Please ensure that the email addresses you have entered are valid. Back × Share with a colleague Your email address Your colleague’s email address Comment (max 150 characters) 
 Send Get daily news Do I subscribe? Request a trial Saved Items Sitemap Store About Help Contacts Partners Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions © 2017 Copyright and Database Rights owned by Warc
