Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 April 2017 by Military News P&G Professional™ Announces Winner of Community Hotelier of the Year Award SAN ANTONIO–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Hotelier Sumit Dalwadi was awarded P&G Professional’s 2017 „Community Hotelier of the Year Award” presented in conjunction with the Asian American Hotel Owners Association (AAHOA). Dalwadi was chosen as the winner after submitting an essay detailing his support of charity: water, which will receive a $10,000 award in Dalwadi’s name. Dalwadi was recognized on stage last night during the 2017 AAHOA Annual Convention and Trade Show awards presentation at the Henry B. Gonzalez Convention Center. The Community Hotelier of the Year Award recognizes an AAHOA member who demonstrates dedication and care for their community and expresses a desire to make a positive impact in the future with a $10,000 donation to their charity of choice. Dalwadi and his family-run business, Dalwadi Hospitality Management, have supported charity: water for more than five years through fundraising and promotions at their seven managed properties. Dalwadi’s latest project, Hotel Ylem, practices a business model that partners with guests to give back through proceeds from mini-bar, main bar, art gallery sales. Additionally, guests can book their rooms with a charity: water rate, which donates $10 per night to the organization. “By refocusing our for-profit business to support a nonprofit one, we are committed to changing the world through our hospitality business,” said Dalwadi. Dalwadi is so committed to charity: water that he pledged to them the wedding gifts from his recent wedding, amounting to nearly $20,000. He and his wife, Mittali, reside in Houston, where he was born and raised. He said he was moved to get involved with charity: water after learning how women and children in developing countries often walk five miles a day to get water, which is often not clean, to bring back to their homes. “Children can’t attend school because they have to go get water and if a working father gets sick because the water isn’t clean, he can’t work and the entire family is impacted. It really causes a ripple effect,” he said. Dalwadi’s parents, Jay and Kapila Dalwadi, and his three sisters, Manisha Dalwadi-Brahmbhatt, Amisha Dalwadi and Sheetal Dalwadi-Oza are also involved in Dalwadi Hospitality Management, which includes seven properties in Texas and Tennessee, and are all active in charity: water. While promotions vary from property to property, proceeds from sundry shops at all seven properties go to charity: water, and guests have the opportunity to donate and learn about the organization at all front desks. „The dedication and care displayed by AAHOA members shows an extraordinary level of commitment to the communities they serve,” said Paul Edmondson, North America Commercial Director, P&G Professional. „P&G Professional congratulates Sumit Dalwadi for his efforts with charity: water, and we commend all of the 2017 Community Hotelier of the Year award nominees for the valuable contributions to their communities.” P&G Professional is a proud sponsor of the Community Hotelier of the Year award and has supported the AAHOA awards for nine years. For more information on the P&G Professional Community Hotelier of the Year award, please visit www.pgpro.com/aahoa. „We’re so grateful to the Dalwadi family and the team at Hotel Ylem for nominating charity: water for this generous award from P&G Professional. This gift will bring an entire community in Nepal clean water, which means families stay healthy, women can start businesses, and children can go to school instead of spending their days collecting water,” said Lauren Letta, Chief Operating Officer for charity: water. About charity: water Charity: water is a nonprofit organization bringing clean and safe drinking water to people in developing countries. The organization uses 100% of public donations to fund sustainable water solutions in areas of greatest need and works with local partners on the ground to implement them. Since 2006, charity: water has funded nearly 23,000 water projects around the world to help 7 million people get access to clean water, hygiene and improved sanitation. About Procter & Gamble Professional P&G Professional is the away-from-home division of Procter & Gamble, serving the foodservice, building cleaning and maintenance, healthcare, hospitality, food/drug/mass, and convenience store industries. P&G Professional offers complete solutions utilizing its parent company’s scale, trusted brands and strengths in market and consumer understanding. P&G Professional features such brands as Tide Professional®, Dawn Professional®, Mr. Clean Professional®, Febreze® Professional, Swiffer® Professional, Comet®, Spic and Span®, Bounty®, Safeguard®, and its own brand, P&G Pro Line®. Please visit http://www.pgpro.com for the latest information about P&G Professional’s solutions and services. About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Gametime Extends Visual Lead With Patent-Pending FanViews Next PostNext Werner Enterprises Partners With Nebraska State Patrol Foundation Search Recent Posts Emergency Department Information System Sales Market Dynamics, Forecasts to 2021, Sales and Revenue Analysis Report United States Barium Thiosulfate Market Status, Key Player Analysis Upcoming Trends to 2021 Colore Art’s Colored Pencils Is Now Available To Buy At Amazon United States Automotive Lead-acid Battery Market Supply-Demand, Industry Research and End User Analysis to 2021 United States Acetate Ester Market Dynamics, Forecasts to 2021, Sales and Revenue Analysis Report Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Freitag, 14. April | 07:02 Uhr Home | Newsletter | Twitter | Kontakt     AKTIEN DAX MDAX SDAX TecDAX GEX Entry Standard Nasdaq NEWS TopStories Wirtschaftsnachrichten Agenturmeldungen Deutsche Aktien Emerging Markets Unternehmensnews Experten ROHSTOFFE Top-Stories Rohstoffe Rohstoff-News Rohstoff-News International Rohstoffübersicht Rohstoffdatenbank Basiswissen ENERGIE Energie-News UNTERNEHMEN Unternehmenscenter Management Interview Research Research International Termine KOLUMNEN Autoren SERVICE Börsenlexikon Social Media Twitter Währungsrechner   Newsticker: ROHSTOFF INTERNATIONAL 17:00 | 13.04.2017 P&G Professional™ Announces Winner of Community Hotelier of the Year Award Hotelier Sumit Dalwadi was awarded P&G Professional’s 2017 “Community Hotelier of the Year Award” presented in conjunction with the Asian American Hotel Owners Association (AAHOA). Dalwadi was chosen as the winner after submitting an essay detailing his support of charity: water, which will receive a $10,000 award in Dalwadi’s name. Dalwadi was recognized on stage last night during the 2017 AAHOA Annual Convention and Trade Show awards presentation at the Henry B. Gonzalez Convention Center. This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170413005581/en/ Sumit Dalwadi, winner of the 2017 Asian American Hoteliers of America (AAHOA) Community Hotelier of the Year Award, presented by P&G Professional is awarded his prize – a donation in his name to charity: water – by Chris Gaunt, Hospitality Manager, P&G Professional North America. (Photo: Business Wire) The Community Hotelier of the Year Award recognizes an AAHOA member who demonstrates dedication and care for their community and expresses a desire to make a positive impact in the future with a $10,000 donation to their charity of choice. Dalwadi and his family-run business, Dalwadi Hospitality Management, have supported charity: water for more than five years through fundraising and promotions at their seven managed properties. Dalwadi’s latest project, Hotel Ylem, practices a business model that partners with guests to give back through proceeds from mini-bar, main bar, art gallery sales. Additionally, guests can book their rooms with a charity: water rate, which donates $10 per night to the organization. “By refocusing our for-profit business to support a nonprofit one, we are committed to changing the world through our hospitality business,” said Dalwadi. Dalwadi is so committed to charity: water that he pledged to them the wedding gifts from his recent wedding, amounting to nearly $20,000. He and his wife, Mittali, reside in Houston, where he was born and raised. He said he was moved to get involved with charity: water after learning how women and children in developing countries often walk five miles a day to get water, which is often not clean, to bring back to their homes. “Children can’t attend school because they have to go get water and if a working father gets sick because the water isn’t clean, he can’t work and the entire family is impacted. It really causes a ripple effect,” he said. Dalwadi’s parents, Jay and Kapila Dalwadi, and his three sisters, Manisha Dalwadi-Brahmbhatt, Amisha Dalwadi and Sheetal Dalwadi-Oza are also involved in Dalwadi Hospitality Management, which includes seven properties in Texas and Tennessee, and are all active in charity: water. While promotions vary from property to property, proceeds from sundry shops at all seven properties go to charity: water, and guests have the opportunity to donate and learn about the organization at all front desks. “The dedication and care displayed by AAHOA members shows an extraordinary level of commitment to the communities they serve,” said Paul Edmondson, North America Commercial Director, P&G Professional. “P&G Professional congratulates Sumit Dalwadi for his efforts with charity: water, and we commend all of the 2017 Community Hotelier of the Year award nominees for the valuable contributions to their communities.” P&G Professional is a proud sponsor of the Community Hotelier of the Year award and has supported the AAHOA awards for nine years. For more information on the P&G Professional Community Hotelier of the Year award, please visit www.pgpro.com/aahoa. “We’re so grateful to the Dalwadi family and the team at Hotel Ylem for nominating charity: water for this generous award from P&G Professional. This gift will bring an entire community in Nepal clean water, which means families stay healthy, women can start businesses, and children can go to school instead of spending their days collecting water,” said Lauren Letta, Chief Operating Officer for charity: water. About charity: waterCharity: water is a nonprofit organization bringing clean and safe drinking water to people in developing countries. The organization uses 100% of public donations to fund sustainable water solutions in areas of greatest need and works with local partners on the ground to implement them. Since 2006, charity: water has funded nearly 23,000 water projects around the world to help 7 million people get access to clean water, hygiene and improved sanitation. About Procter & Gamble Professional P&G Professional is the away-from-home division of Procter & Gamble, serving the foodservice, building cleaning and maintenance, healthcare, hospitality, food/drug/mass, and convenience store industries. P&G Professional offers complete solutions utilizing its parent company’s scale, trusted brands and strengths in market and consumer understanding. P&G Professional features such brands as Tide Professional®, Dawn Professional®, Mr. Clean Professional®, Febreze® Professional, Swiffer® Professional, Comet®, Spic and Span®, Bounty®, Safeguard®, and its own brand, P&G Pro Line®. Please visit http://www.pgpro.com for the latest information about P&G Professional’s solutions and services. About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170413005581/en/ Bookmarken NEWSLETTER Abonnieren Sie jetzt unseren aktuellen Newsletter WIRTSCHAFTSNACHRICHTEN 06:05 Uhr | 14.04.2017 WOCHENVORSCHAU: Termine bis 20. ... 06:05 Uhr | 14.04.2017 TAGESVORSCHAU: Termine am 14. ... 04:50 Uhr | 14.04.2017 dpa-AFX KUNDEN-INFO: ... 04:50 Uhr | 14.04.2017 dpa-AFX KUNDEN-INFO: Impressum 22:24 Uhr | 13.04.2017 ROUNDUP/Aktien New York Schluss: ... Kursverzögerung mind. +15 min       Partner Nutzung Quellen & Copyright ARIVA.DE AG Goldinvest.de AGB Werbung Kurse: ARIVA.DE AG Deutsche Börse AG iwr.de Impressum © 1998-2017 EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH eResearch MIDAS Research Datenschutz Die EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH übernimmt keine Haftung für die Richtigkeit der Angaben! finanznachrichten.de Performaxx Disclaimer
P&G Professional™ Announces Winner of Community Hotelier of the Year Award Grand Prize Winner Chooses Charity: Water as Recipient of $10,000 Award Sumit Dalwadi, winner of the 2017 Asian American Hoteliers of America (AAHOA) Community Hotelier of the Year Award, presented by P&G Professional is awarded his prize - a donation in his name to charity: water - by Chris Gaunt, Hospitality Manager, P&G Professional North America. (Photo: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Sumit Dalwadi, winner of the 2017 Asian American Hoteliers of America (AAHOA) Community Hotelier of the Year Award, presented by P&G Professional is awarded his prize - a donation in his name to charity: water - by Chris Gaunt, Hospitality Manager, P&G Professional North America. (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail April 13, 2017 11:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time SAN ANTONIO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Hotelier Sumit Dalwadi was awarded P&G Professional's 2017 "Community Hotelier of the Year Award" presented in conjunction with the Asian American Hotel Owners Association (AAHOA). Dalwadi was chosen as the winner after submitting an essay detailing his support of charity: water, which will receive a $10,000 award in Dalwadi’s name. Dalwadi was recognized on stage last night during the 2017 AAHOA Annual Convention and Trade Show awards presentation at the Henry B. Gonzalez Convention Center. The Community Hotelier of the Year Award recognizes an AAHOA member who demonstrates dedication and care for their community and expresses a desire to make a positive impact in the future with a $10,000 donation to their charity of choice. Dalwadi and his family-run business, Dalwadi Hospitality Management, have supported charity: water for more than five years through fundraising and promotions at their seven managed properties. Dalwadi’s latest project, Hotel Ylem, practices a business model that partners with guests to give back through proceeds from mini-bar, main bar, art gallery sales. Additionally, guests can book their rooms with a charity: water rate, which donates $10 per night to the organization. “By refocusing our for-profit business to support a nonprofit one, we are committed to changing the world through our hospitality business,” said Dalwadi. Dalwadi is so committed to charity: water that he pledged to them the wedding gifts from his recent wedding, amounting to nearly $20,000. He and his wife, Mittali, reside in Houston, where he was born and raised. He said he was moved to get involved with charity: water after learning how women and children in developing countries often walk five miles a day to get water, which is often not clean, to bring back to their homes. “Children can’t attend school because they have to go get water and if a working father gets sick because the water isn’t clean, he can’t work and the entire family is impacted. It really causes a ripple effect,” he said. Dalwadi’s parents, Jay and Kapila Dalwadi, and his three sisters, Manisha Dalwadi-Brahmbhatt, Amisha Dalwadi and Sheetal Dalwadi-Oza are also involved in Dalwadi Hospitality Management, which includes seven properties in Texas and Tennessee, and are all active in charity: water. While promotions vary from property to property, proceeds from sundry shops at all seven properties go to charity: water, and guests have the opportunity to donate and learn about the organization at all front desks. "The dedication and care displayed by AAHOA members shows an extraordinary level of commitment to the communities they serve," said Paul Edmondson, North America Commercial Director, P&G Professional. "P&G Professional congratulates Sumit Dalwadi for his efforts with charity: water, and we commend all of the 2017 Community Hotelier of the Year award nominees for the valuable contributions to their communities." P&G Professional is a proud sponsor of the Community Hotelier of the Year award and has supported the AAHOA awards for nine years. For more information on the P&G Professional Community Hotelier of the Year award, please visit www.pgpro.com/aahoa. "We're so grateful to the Dalwadi family and the team at Hotel Ylem for nominating charity: water for this generous award from P&G Professional. This gift will bring an entire community in Nepal clean water, which means families stay healthy, women can start businesses, and children can go to school instead of spending their days collecting water," said Lauren Letta, Chief Operating Officer for charity: water. About charity: water Charity: water is a nonprofit organization bringing clean and safe drinking water to people in developing countries. The organization uses 100% of public donations to fund sustainable water solutions in areas of greatest need and works with local partners on the ground to implement them. Since 2006, charity: water has funded nearly 23,000 water projects around the world to help 7 million people get access to clean water, hygiene and improved sanitation. About Procter & Gamble Professional P&G Professional is the away-from-home division of Procter & Gamble, serving the foodservice, building cleaning and maintenance, healthcare, hospitality, food/drug/mass, and convenience store industries. P&G Professional offers complete solutions utilizing its parent company's scale, trusted brands and strengths in market and consumer understanding. P&G Professional features such brands as Tide Professional®, Dawn Professional®, Mr. Clean Professional®, Febreze® Professional, Swiffer® Professional, Comet®, Spic and Span®, Bounty®, Safeguard®, and its own brand, P&G Pro Line®. Please visit http://www.pgpro.com for the latest information about P&G Professional's solutions and services. About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. Contacts P&G Professional Media Contact: Citizen Relations for P&G Professional Molly Crabill, 949-614-6156 molly.crabill@citizenrelations.com Contacts P&G Professional Media Contact: Citizen Relations for P&G Professional Molly Crabill, 949-614-6156 molly.crabill@citizenrelations.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Sections News Eric Frein Trial Trump Weather Archives Obituaries Business Stocks Education Data Center NEPA 911 Health-Science Local History Gas Drilling Courts State Sports High School Penn State RailRiders Penguins Gameface Golf Motorsports Wildlife Varsity570 Lifestyles Curtain Call Student Artists Calendar Life events Food and wine 10 things Mothers Home and Garden On The Record Crossword Times Traveler My Town Scranton Dunmore Abingtons Downvalley Midvalley Upvalley N. Pocono Wayne Wyoming Susquehanna Opinion Editorials & Columns Letters Submit Letter Cole Cartoon Blog Blogs Chris Kelly Blog John Cole Cartoons High School Sports Penn State RailRiders Photo Blog Local History The Borys Blog WildLife Blog Contact Print Subscription Print Advertising NIE Press Pass Classifieds Classifieds NEPAAutoSource Real Estate Jobs Shopping Circulars Coupons Marketplace Smart Subscribe ALL ACCESS SUBSCRIPTION A Scranton Times-Tribune All Access subscription gets you complete access to both our print and digital publications, delivered to your home, desktop and mobile devices 7 days a week Subscribe to home delivery Digital Only Subscription Read the digital SMART Edition of The Times-Tribune on your PC or mobile device, and have 24/7 access to breaking news, local sports, contests, and more at thetimes-tribune.com or on our mobile apps. Digital Services Have news alerts sent to your mobile device, read the Smart Edition sign up for daily newsletters, activate your all access, enter contests, take quizzes, download our mobile apps and see the latest e-circulars. Contact Us   Manage your subscription, update your subscriber information, see frequently asked questions or request customer service support. Sign In News • Sports • Lifestyles • Obituaries • Opinion • Contact • Classifieds • Marketplace • Smart Procter & Gamble workers fight firing over lewd and off-color e-mails Win tickets to the BEST Brew Fest in PA! Win Tickets to the grand opening of Iron Horse Movie Bistro Curtain Call Play in the Weekly Auto Racing Challenge! Press Pass Become a VIP Subscriber! Click for businesses offering discounts to Press Pass Subscribers. (read more) POLL Do you like jelly beans? Yes Not really Show results This poll is not scientific and is meant for entertainment purposes. Education Databases Searchable databases on demographics, test scores, financial information and teacher profiles (read more) Tweets from @timestribune/times-tribune-newsroom Most Read Recent Comments Police, U.S. marshals catch fugitive in Dunmore Jermyn man charged in drive-by shooting Wrong-way driver sentenced for fatal crash Woman accused of stealing from missing Old Forge man's mother Woman who sprayed gas pleads guilty Clemens set to appear at PNC Field in June Two arrested after downtown Scranton pill exchange High School Sports Blog Chris Kelly Blog: Christopher J. Kelly, is the Scranton Times-Tribune Columnist. My Town: Read and comment on news, sports, features and opinion from your local community: Court Notes: Complete listings of marriage licenses, property transactions, tax liens, estates filed News Flash: Get news alerts from the Times-Tribune on your mobile phone or in your email. Education Databases: Searchable databases on demographics, test scores, financial information and te Outlook 2017 Mother's Day Sections Auto Source - Updated Monthly! HomeSource - Updated Weekly Local Flavor Cookbook Medical Guide Readers' Choice 2016 Community Guide 2016 By Joe McDonald (Staff Writer) / Published: October 3, 2009 Article Tools Font size – + Share This     Nearly 30 former Procter & Gamble workers who were fired for e-mailing pictures of naked people and off-color jokes about President Obama through the company's computers are fighting to collect unemployment benefits, saying they didn't do anything wrong because "everyone else" did it, too. At a hearing Friday in South Scranton, the company's attorney, Ben Josielevski of Scranton, said the workers broke harassment and discrimination policies that are laid out in the company's business conduct manual, which employees are required to sign. Twenty-nine workers at the Procter & Gamble plant in Washington Twp. near Mehoopany were fired in two rounds in July and August. Anthony Pawluck of Greenfield Twp., who was fired July 8 after seven years at the plant, said at his hearing before Barry Chromey, the unemployment compensation referee, that he "never actually received it (the handbook)." "Did you ever think you were violating company policy?" asked his attorney, Paul Jennings of Scranton. "No," said Mr. Pawluck. "It was the norm. I got e-mails from some of my bosses." He said they were not fired. Mr. Pawluck said he forwarded the e-mails to others as a way to keep morale up at the plant. Mr. Chromey didn't seem swayed by the explanation. "I think a box of doughnuts would have been much better for morale," Mr. Chromey said. Mr. Chromey will decide whether Mr. Pawluck engaged in "willful misconduct," a finding that will determine if Mr. Pawluck is entitled to receive unemployment benefits. Among the pictures presented at the hearing was one of the White House with a watermelon patch on the front lawn and the caption,"There goes the neighborhood." Other e-mails featured assorted pictures of people in various stages of undress, some of whom were riding bicycles, others who were passed out or displaying detailed tattoos on their genitals. Throughout the hearing, Mr. Jennings asked Stephen O'Brien, the company's employee relations manager, if anyone had filed a complaint over the e-mails, and he said "No." Mr. Jennings asked why management at the plant didn't warn the employees about the e-mails before firing them. Mr. Jennings argued that since no one complained, there was no harassment and no reason why Mr. Pawluck and the others should have been fired. Mr. Chromey, who drummed his fingers on the desk while listening to that argument, said the company's harassment policy was put in place to protect itself from lawsuits brought by employees who were harassed on the job. Mr. Josielevski said the company's handbook tells employees to treat other workers with respect and to use the e-mails only for company business. Contact the writer: jmcdonald@timesshamrock.com Write your comment here Your name Word verification Type in the characters you see in the picture below. If you have trouble reading the characters in the picture, click it to see a new one. I have read and accepted the website's terms for commenting 12345Next » 98 posted comments The comments in this thread seem to be dedicated more to disputing "model employees" comments than addressing the real issue at hand here. Sure, we all know or knew a "model employee" at P&G. They are the ones that everyone avoids and keep looking over their shoulder at, when they are in the area. Not worth the space they take up but an unavoidable distraction. The real issue is P&G's current and past treatment of employees. Those of you that have been at P&G for any time think back to the last firing frenzy if you will. Try to remember the state of the economy during the drug and alcohol witch hunt. Try to remember the "targeted" employees and how they went about pitting coworker against coworker in private interviews without the benefit of confronting the accuser. Think about the hiring practice shortly after the Cleansing of the higher paid longer term employees. Granted a few lower ranking people were thrown in so as to not make it too obvious. For those of you that remember this it may seem like history does actually repeat itself. I am not a union proponent or opponent. All I would like to see is the P&G I knew back in 1972 and there after, when employees weren't a dime a dozen. A P&G that respected and valued their people for what they had to offer and weren't so calous about firing knowledge and experience for the sake of the almighty dollar. P&G has the abibility to control computer accesses if they want to. What's next when the economy goes sour? Healthcare? BMI too high? You're gone! You smoke? You're gone! Other negative factors? Get them under control or you're gone! Sound radical? It is. Think I'm wrong? In the seventies and eighties P&G condoned alcohol consumption. How? Yearly company function had a Happy hour with free drinks. Genetti's? Shadow Brook? Servomation. Remember them? Excess profits went to team Parties or use at the teams discrestion (usually involving alcohol). Computer useage can be limited to online production needs. Start passing company information in the team meeting. Not everyone needs e:mail and internet access. Limit access and let employees use their home accounts. A step backwards I know, but IT has the ability limit whatever and however they want for the right amount of money. They probably already have it. Face it people. This was a downsizing, cleansing, what ever you decide to call it and nothing more. Screw what P&G ER is saying to the UC litigators. Report 31ngone,  17 October 2009 kl. 18:54 When employees were confronted with some examples of the emails found on their accounts, after commenting they were just jokes the interviewer/terminator asked: "do you think this email is funny". Well yeah they think its funny or else they wouldn't have shared it with their friends who have shared jokes with them. I mean P&G uses suggestive humor in their ads, one that sticks out is the orgasm inducing shampoo commercial that suggest that the male shampooers should repeat if necessary if they're "UP" to it. There are many other examples of P&G ads that have cultivated this type of humor. The type of humor they all of a sudden can't see but did assume the "consumer public" would while viewing it in their commercials. Type in the following link for another example of P&G Humor: http://www.defamer.com.au/2009/05/procter-gamble-instructs-you-how-to-shave-your-balls/ Report no you didn't!,  16 October 2009 kl. 11:17 The first rounds of firings were related to the second, I dug up that original article and bracketed some statements which are interesting to me: A number of employees at the Procter & Gamble Paper Products plant in Washington Twp. were terminated Wednesday as a disciplinary measure, an official said. The [firings came following an extensive investigation] by company officials, plant spokesman Alex Fried said. No law enforcement agencies were involved, and there will be no criminal action, he said. Mr. Fried would not elaborate on what the employees did to lose their jobs, stating it is a personnel matter. He also would not specify how many employees were involved or the positions they held. Several other employees will be disciplined for their roles, he said, but [terminations related to the incident are complete]. Without disclosing any details about [the incident, Mr. Fried said it had no impact on production] or anything that would affect the public. He said this was not a means to reduce staff at the plant, as all of the positions left vacant by the firings will be filled. Report jp,  13 October 2009 kl. 11:14 I have a wild theory about the little interviews that were conducted with the affected employees. Some of them at the end of the interview were put on steps while others were fired. Much of the talk was that they were looking at the persons attitude, you know, whether or not they felt what they did was wrong and they know they made a mistake and were sorry, well I could tell you based on my own experience this wasn't the case, I was genuinely scared and cooperative and fired. I think that in their battery of questions they were trying to determine whether or not you were aware of a weakness in their case against you, whether you would cause them headaches in a courtroom somewhere. I think it would be a good idea for the fired people to get together with the people that were put on steps and compare notes. I was told by one of the interviewers that by the way I answered the questions, I would probably keep my job and be put on steps. But after he confered with the notetaking interviewer, who was more or less the legal expert in the room and whom I suspect initiated this whole agenda, the verdict was "we're terminating your employment with the company". Wow! where did that come from. Report all i do is think about this,  13 October 2009 kl. 09:55 with the exception of a few self proclaimed self righteous model employees, all p&g mehoopany employees know what their company did was wrong, they know there was a better way to handle this situation that would have put an end to the innapropriate computer use just as effectively. many more of them feel pretty lucky to have survived the terminations. they aren't going to do anything about it and no one expects them to or blames them for protecting their employment. but in a perfect world wouldn't it have been great if they organized as one huge group to protest the treatment of their former coworkers and friends. again, it is totally understandable that they don't rock the boat, I know if I were in their position I'd be just like them, grateful to have kept their job! but on the same token these surviving employees have undoubtedly lost a lot of respect for their leadership in the way this was handled, and no matter what kind of talks that their leadership has given or will give them it is not going to sway their true feelings on this issue. so after you give your little scripted speaches to the masses, don't for a minute think their naive enough to buy it. they know you screwed these employees and friends and their loyalty to the company will be forever changed and not in a good way. this kind of scare tactic method of management is never good for employee relations and will effect performance in a mfg. facility of this kind. its too bad that someone in leadership didn't put an end to someones self-promoting witch-hunt just because they went over their heads to do it!! everytime I run into any of my former coworkers they all relay the same thing, they tell me everyone feels we got a raw deal, many of them state they can't believe they weren't fired. they are all very supportive and understanding, contrary to what a few self proclaimed model employees are saying. whoever these model employees may be !!! Report appreciate my friends,  12 October 2009 kl. 14:36 Anyone ever see that british P&G commercial featuring the "I'M TOO SEXY" song with the singer moving his hand down to his crotch as he sings "I'm too sexy for my whites" or something like that? Heres some kind of response from p&g:Procter and Gamble (P&G) said they believed the ad was not unsuitable to be viewed by children; they said the word "sexy" was not offensive, or rude, and neither were the lead singer's gestures. They said the word "sexy" did not need to be excluded from the hearing of young children in their opinion. "There is a commercial by Herbal Essence Shampoo(P&G). A lady is in a salon and two other ladies are watching her get her hair washed. The one being washed is moaning while the other two ladies say she is having an 'organic' experience. Then one of the two decides to try it and moans as well and tells the men to 'work it.' At the end she says, 'OK, boys, it says to repeat if necessary. That is if you are up to it.'" "In the ads, a woman will have an 'organic' experience by using this shampoo. Her hair is usually washed by several hunky men. There are several subtleties added to each commercial. Some of them have Dr. Ruth adding her own comments. One of the ads takes place in a library where the book 'Moby Dick' is prominently shown." The Parents Television Council recently listed P&G as the third worst advertiser on television. They are not only pushing sexual exploitation in their commercials, but are also promoting filth in the programs they help sponsor. The following is from site that explains how companies use spam to reach the consumers:Remember, Procter and Gamble is paying these spammers to send you spam. Procter and Gamble may not be explicitly endorsing this activity, but if you don't let Procter and Gamble know you're upset, they're going to continue to pay spammers to send you spam. The best thing people can do to stop spam is to follow the principle not to buy from companies that send spam or otherwise profit from spam. Is this maybe why we get all those male enhancement spams on our company email, If p&g puts a stop to those they'd also be putting a stop to their own spams??!! More nudity from London In a related development in London, Procter & Gamble Co.'s P&G Beaute In the P&G Lacoste Homme TV spot, a naked man covorts through his apartment as the camera avoids a full-frontal view. What a role model for employees!!!! Report not fooled,  12 October 2009 kl. 11:52 Hey, I recall reading an article bout P&G firing people, but it wasn't 29, it was much less than that. Is this all related? That first group must have been fired for something else, because I do remember the P&G rep saying the terminations were done with for whatever that was all about. Unless someone recognized an opportunity here to dump some more employees and decided to expand their investigation deep enough to get the numbers they wanted. But I don't know because they never mentioned what these others were fired for! Anyone out there have any info on this? Seems like it be a strong case for ulterior motives if both groups were indeed fired for the same thing. Usually a PR guy isn't going to make statements unless they've been verified. Report johnq,  12 October 2009 kl. 09:49 Hey "Innappropriate Use" , I suppose if you got fired for something that others were doing you would keep this attitude and not try and fight it or at least fight for your benfits, something tells me you would be a little less of a "company man" if you were on the wrong side of the company's manipulation of their standards. First of all An employer being compared to a trooper is quite a stretch. A trooper can't get everyone that is speeding! What is he going to point the radar at hundreds of cars and then throw a big ol net on em all at once? Meanwhile P&G if it wants to can look at all email accounts(you said it yourself they are saved forever) and then fire everyone that is in violation, rather than just look at 80 employees out of over 2000 and then just fire the employees that fit under their formula for firing. If they don't look at everyone then how would they insure they got the worst offenders, maybe even the original person to ever get the ball rolling with all innapropriate emails. The trooper doesn't point the radar at just certain cars driving by, he points it at each and every one of them and then procedes accordingly, he does not have the ability to be perfectly fair where P&G does, but chooses not do. I would guess P&G punched in a lot of numbers and seen how many employees it would affect before they came up with their final threshold number for firing people. THE TROOPERS DON'T GET ALL 16 BEACAUSE IT IS PHYSICALLY IMPOSSIBLE, NOT THAT THEY JUST CHOSE NOT TO BUT P&G HAS THE ABILITY TO GET ALL THE INFO THEY NEED BUT CHOSE NOT TO, WHICH IS WHAT IS NOT FAIR ABOUT IT AND IF YOU WERE ONE OF THE FIRED EMPLOYEES I COULD GUARANTEE YOU WOULDN'T HAVE SUCH A "I GOT WHAT I DESERVE" ATTITUDE. Soooo you are saying if you were an employer you wouldn't want ANYONE that would use the company computers innapropriately. By you saying this it would lead me to believe you agree that all employees that did these things should be fired and not just 29 out 80 that were looked at out of more than 2000 that should be looked at!!!! You said it yourself and I quote; "I'll tell ya what!....As a employer, I wouldn't hire anyone that was labeled as a floater on the net, and looking and displaying un-authorized material on their employer provided computer (s) to be used as a tool for the job title." So i'm assuming if you wouldn't hire anyone like that than you also wouldn't keep anyone like that, and therefore you would track down ANYONE that did by looking at everyone and not just 4% of your employees. Seems like you contradict youself in your little rant there "LOOSER"!!! I don't know where you get off calling these people stupid, HELOOOO!! they didn't think if they delete it its gone forever, they just figured by the way it was so widespread, common and has been going on so long that everyone would get the same treatment. Based on how you contradicted yourself and assumed you are smarter than these people you think you are "waking up and educating" I think I would label you SRLFB (Self Righteous Looser & Full of Baloney). Case closed now go find a life which you obviously don't have. You are the kind of person who would support the death penalty until you're on death row youself and then you would sob like a baby and do everything possible to save your life. Someday you will find yourself in a similar situation and I hope you find no support whatsoever!!!! Report arrogance hater,  11 October 2009 kl. 15:50 I'm confused. We're talking about Procter and Gamble here. Aren't some of their ad campaigns a little riske, suggestive? Report Bill K,  10 October 2009 kl. 23:42 I work at P&G. I do not now or have not at any time shared or viewed bad emails. But I have received many disgusting spams, mostly to do with male enhancers. I delete them instantly and have reported them to systems, but still continue to receive them. I was worried for my employment about these but so far I'm still employed. Another of my coworkers is required to carry a company cell phone and he receives similar texts on the company cell. Its all around us. Report CB,  10 October 2009 kl. 23:39 MAN! I wonder if the fired employees are taking notes with all of these postings.......sounds to me they could make a decent case. Heck even if they didn't win, I think the public would be interested in hearing some of these facts.......I'd be sure to make all major media aware of the case Report curious,  10 October 2009 kl. 23:29 So, once upon a time P&G Mehoopany stated that company computers were for buisiness use only. Then as the years passed and computer use became more and more prevelant in many different facets of day to day buisiness, P&G proclaimed that they expect a certain amount of non-buisiness computer use with company computers. In turn non-buisiness use of company computers became more common, things that people did on the computer hiding in a corner office or cubicle started to be more visible. Employees weren't as afraid of the repercussions as much. AS a matter of fact after the first rounds of firings, there were mandatory meetings held, which in part, were used to quell peoples fears of being fired. Basically telling them they know most employees use company computers for non-buisiness related activities. So let me ask, before anyone was ever fired for company email usage, if you got the message that the company expects that there will be a certain amount of non-buisiness related computer use, meanwhile everyone you know is sharing jokes through the email and you see others surfing the net in various ways, would you think that you and a handful of others would get fired for it? I mean, think about it. If your on the computer to complete several shiftly expectations, one of which is to check your email, which may include some non-buisiness related items that take up a fraction of your computer time, wouldn't the act of surfing the net, shopping, watching sports or other news, etc. be more of a deliberate act. Specifically because the non-buisiness emails are in your buisiness email account, theres nothing that is part of your job that requires you to visit E-Bay, CNN.com., ESPN.com, etc. It would seem to me that one would be going more out of their way to surf the net than to forward a few emails......and some of the sites a lot of people are surfing have some much worse material that was contained in emails. Report mixed messages,  10 October 2009 kl. 23:22 I love all these self righteous people that say the fired employees are stupid and got what they deserved....they talk like they are perfect, hiding behind this medium where nobody knows who they are or what they are really like or the things they may do that some day might turn around and bite them in the butt, things they never would have guessed would wreck their lives.......I just hope I'm there to write letters about their predicament and how its their own fault even if others did the same thing.....I'm sure their holier than thou attitude would be different. Report amazed at the egos,  10 October 2009 kl. 22:42 My Fiancee was one of the people that lost his job. He too had a lap top that he would bring home. He would check his face book and look stuff up on the internet. Yes it may have been a company computer, but at home we paid for our own internet. And it was on his time. He was a tech 5, which is alot of money to lose. We are in fear of losing our home. Just had a baby too with some issues and even though every one thinks p and g is such a great place to work there full of it. I too work there. Its horrible. The health care is not as grood as every one makes it out to be. The daily stress and bull crap they make you put up with on a daily basis is ridiculous. Its no wonder why half the population that works there is on medication. My fiancee put blood sweat and tears into that place. He bent over baackwards, even saved the area that he worked in nearly a million dollars with the work that he did. And for them to turn around and fire him over 20 emails over the course of 11 or so years.. honestly, that is like 2 a year. more so since i know for fact that some were sent by his leaders. Also every single person he sent to and received from, not one of them were fired. there still sitting high a mighty with there jobs while we figure how to keep our house and where we are going to come up with money for the next car payment and putting the babys medical bils at the back of the stack wondering when the bill collector for that is going to start calling again. Proctor and gamble of all people now the economy is down. our stocks show it. They also know there aren't any jobs out there that would pay like this one. And they threw these people out on there butts. Ruined there lives and there family's lives. And they want to call them a family oriented company. Sure, unlikly story. Why don't they use pictures of these familys that they crushed and put them on there commercials. All these people saying "how do we know they didn't have a warning about the firings." We didn't. When this all started, every one was working on pins and needles , wondering every minute if they were going to be next on the firing squad. It was like nazi germany all over again. " line em up boys" " you, you, and you. your fired" "bang"! These 29 people were picked out of the bunch. I know this for a fact because the people that SENT to him are still here. What goes around comes around is all i can say. Zero tolerance is zero tolerance. And this place is nothing but a mockery any more. Fair warning to any one looking to get in here. If you want to keep your sanity stay clear. You ever notice how the barb wire fence curls in?? seems more like a penitentary. I know half of you are going to say. well why don't you quit? Cant afford it now. We had all the plans in the world for me to quit and stay at home with the kids, not going to happen now. Health insurance for us and dental. It may suck but its something. Him getting fired ruined our dreams, at least mine any ways. And all you people out there saying good for them, they deserve to get fired. Why don't you were the shoe on the other foot. Think about your husbands and wives getting fired fom there jobs. Especially over some thing so dumb. Im sure you would be pissed to. I am. Especially now they want to deny them unemployment, nothing to hold them over untill they can even try to find a new job. More houses going underrepos and such. Think about what would happen if every major company did this. Started firing for mundane reasons. Economy sucks as it is. its just stupid. And so isn't that place. Report Ticked off and angry,  10 October 2009 kl. 14:07 If P&G just wanted to stop this behavior, they could have easily accomplished this without firing anyone. Nevermind the fact that they limited the effects of their investigation by limiting the number of employees accounts that were examined. Everyone of the fired employees can tell you they had at least one person on their distribution list that had sent them as much and in some cases more of the same types of emails they were fired for, and these people are still working there. So how is it you could look at someone's email account and miss this data. So lets just disregard the previous statements above and go with the theory was P&G was concerned about the public opinion if they were aware this email activity was occurring under their roof and nothing was done about it. Based on how the plant handled other issues, that were getting out of hand, will tell a lot about what their priorities are. Two instances come to mind, the first being pedestrian safety. It seems there was a growing epidemic of employees not adhering to pedestrian/forktruck safety rules, such as not stopping at stop signs. The problem was out of control. Did they start monitoring pedestrian/forktruck interscections and fire anyone who broke the rule? No, they issued a warning. They let everyone know this behavior is not acceptable and told everyone that people would be montoring interscections for such behaviors and each would be confronted and proper disciplinary actions would be taken up to and including termination. How bout that? A warning! And it worked! It was amazing to see the obvious change in peoples approach to stop signs! The second instance concerned an epidemic of non-compliance for hearing protection, and it went pretty much the same, in other words they didn't fire people first and issue a warning later, no! again everyone got the heads up first. So lets think about this. Everyone already knew what the rules were concerning pedestrian and hearing safety, and yet when a widespread problem became evident, employees were given a chance to change their behaviors. HMMMM! Why wasn't the same protocol followed for the email issue? Which Epidemic would cry out for a more powerful message to employees? Which instance should we use the method(FIRING)that would scare them worse than a warning? Surely it wouldn't be the one of safety and perhaps life safing consequences.......no lets protect our reputation though, no time to screw around with warnings there, right. I mean these people are sharing jokes through their email! On the other hand if we don't handle this safety issue intensely enough people may get hurt, possibly killed. But hey, this is a fast paced manufacturing facility, those things happen. The public understands how these things can happen in these types of environments and they'll continue to buy our products. So in all cases the expectation was known, when it concerned safety and employees well being a warning was issued before action was taken. But when the company email was being harmed, no warning, no time to hesitate, act now, no warning. Report What$ the difference U C,  9 October 2009 kl. 14:04 Dear Model Employee, So I'm sitting here reading all of these comments, including yours, realizing that in this forum their is no accountability, it faceless. I mean, you could claim to be the President if you so desired. Then I'm thinking, Does this person even know any of the people that were fired? Seriously, have they ever worked along side of them and really appreciated some of their contributions to the company? Do you know each and everyone of them? Do you know the stories of their P&G lives other than the stupid fatal mistakes? So then it hits me! Lets break down the cyber wall between us! Just let me know through this very platform and I could gather our group just for you. We could compare notes about our various careers at P&G and elsewhere. I am being sincere about this, maybe we could all learn something from this. We could understand where you're coming from and you could learn where we're coming from. Think about it, THANKS. Report give us a chance,  9 October 2009 kl. 11:59 I find this Model Employee hilarious as I'm sure most fellow employees do! Hey Model Employee, how do you know these people were looking at this stuff for hours of company time? Did you see it? Did you tell them to stop it? Did you report it? Did you express to anyone that it offended you? Did you laugh at it along with the others? Seems like a "Model Employee" would have done something! Maybe you did! Maybe it was you who got the ball rolling! Maybe thats how you know how much time was being spent with this stuff! Maybe you gained access to the records, not neccessarily all of the records, just enough to make some noise! You didn't want to truly get all offenders, because it was more about your "Awesomeness" than about the issue! Seeing it as an opportunity to promote yourself on the mistakes of others! Report curious,  9 October 2009 kl. 11:25 More often than not, people who consider themselves "Model Employees" usually aren't viewed in that light by their fellow employees. Someone calling themselves "Model" would be the first disqualifying sign to a "True" "Model Employee". A "True Model Employee" is that person quietly doing their job to the best of ones ability, helping other along the way and not looking for any accolades along the way, as a matter of fact they usually shy away from the spotlight and downplay their roles. Its been my personal experience, with people willing to tag themselves as "Model" or some similar descriptor, that they were the types of employee that others had no respect for. Often doing anything to get ahead and more often than not by tooting their own horn, taking credit for things they didn't really have much of a hand in, pointing their finger at others mistakes and maybe even using other employees mistakes to make themselves look better. If this person is in a leadership position they would love the opportunity to work a performance issue to include an upper disciplinary step or termination so that they can show their superiors their toughness. Some people progress on their own hard work, skill and dedication, while others progress as parasites, trying to make themselves look better by pointing out others downfalls. Self-Proclaimed "Model Employees" are usually "Brown-nosing Cut-Throats". Report just sayin,  9 October 2009 kl. 11:08 Hey Model Employee I still work there, and I was not involved in any of the e-mail violatons. My issue, and that of many others is the way in which it was handled. The plant leadership has lost what little respect I and many others had for them. Hungout2dry is correct. A Union would have made a difference. The outcome would have been much different. Unless everybody involved were given the same punishment, the individuals would have not been terminated. Management made hints that if the plant was organized, we would loose volume & risk the plant closing. THAT IS ILLEGAL !! Managers were telling some brainwashed leadership technicians to remove any Union materials from breakrooms. People have the right to read what they want. We were told that we could never be the low cost producer with a union in place. Well, How does the Green Bay plant do it then? They have a Union, and they are the low cost producer??? Go figure. We asked that question during one of our info/anti union BS meetings. "I'll get back to you on that" we were told, but it never happened. I say let the union knock on the door now. P&G has shown the workforce their true colors. At least the dues you pay are worth the piece of mind that you will be represented by somebody who isn't afraid to stand up for the prople, who are suppose to be our most important asset! Report ya, I work there..,,  8 October 2009 kl. 20:06 hmmm. Model employee.....according to you! Or at least according to you out loud, if you are honest with yourself without having to admit it to anyone, I'm sure you could think of something, if not then I bow to you almighty one! I'm sure there is at least one thing you do that is against company policy, or maybe you don't even realize the thing you're doing is against policy and is an offense that can get you fired because it has become such a part of everyones routine, but you sound like the kind of person that would be blind to their own faults or just won't admit to them, evidenced by your self-righteous user name. Unlike you we admit to our faults, that is not the issue, the issue is fair and equal treatment of employees. How would you like it if P&G Mehoopany decided to take 80 employees, you being one of them, and monitor their actions the whole shift for a couple weeks. Taking notes on everything they do to include how many times they take an extended break, or maybe have a non-buisiness related conversation outside of breaktime, or how many pencil,pens, tablets,etc. you take home with you, or how many jokes you tell or laugh at, or how many times you don't really stop properly at stop signs, or how often you talk on your cell phone while walking or on the operating floor, or how many time you don't wear your earplugs(PROPERLY)when you should, or how many times you don't use your gloves or other PPE when you should, or how many times you leave documents or your computer unsecure, or how many personal phone calls you make, or how many off color comments you make about coworkers, or how many times you use vulgarity, or how many times you pencil whip or slightly falsify documents, or how many times you speed in the parking lot, etc. So then lets say they fire you for not quite coming to a complete stop at a stop sign in 3 instances. Now you know you see this happen all the time and protest to this fact. They say "this may be true but we were just observing you and 79 others. You say " but some of those 79 others have done this too" They say "yes and 28 others will be fired along with you, some others will not because they only did it 2 times, which makes them much safer employees than you and worth keeping, but you are not worth keeping" You may even say "yeah, but all 3 times I did it, Joan Doe was with me and she didn't stop either" And of course they say "we weren't looking at her". " We only fired you because we care about the safety of our employees" You: "but if its the safety of employees, don't those people that didn't stop twice still pose a safety risk?" P&G: "Ah, but they won't do it anymore because we put some of them on steps" You: "You know, I've never been on steps before, I've been in leadership positions and have been an excellent employee for over 20 years, But if you put me on steps and let me keep my job, I won't ever do it again either" P&G: "BYE-BYE and don't try to collect while your trying to put your life back together, we'll fight you on it." Oh, and "Model Employee", I spent very, very little time going over my e-mail which did usually include some e-mailed jokes from some of my friends, which I sometimes forwarded to a small distribution list containing close friends at P&G. Then it was back to work at a job that sometimes made it neccessary to miss a break occasionally. Don't get me wrong, it is my opinion that overall this was a very good job, sometimes very hectic and stressful, but good, not complaining. But I just want to let it be known that not all of the people that got fired were disgusting employees spending hours of company time on the computer and that a lot of people that are disgusting and are spending hours of company time on the computer are still employed a P&G, some probably not even on steps!! I can't honestly say whether or not you are a "Model Employee", but I have to admit when it comes to Emails you and probably many others were "Smarter Employees". I considered myself one of these for many many years, and allowed myself to get lulled into the stupid side. But there were hundreds of others, and some of the worst are probably still working there because of the methods they used to work the issue. Forgive me for being passionate about this and for rambling, but I feel like a guy walking out of a bank after sticking a bank pen in my pocket and then getting shot along with a few bank robbers, while yet some of the other bank robbers are dividing up the cash in the alley. Report Human Employee,  8 October 2009 kl. 10:58 12345Next » 149 Penn Ave. Scranton, PA 18503 1-800-228-4637 CONTACT US Copyright ©2017 The Scranton Times-Tribune PRIVACY POLICY | OPINION POSTING POLICY | ABOUT OUR ADS | Questions or comments? CONTACT US SUBSCRIBE HOME DELIVERY DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTIONS NEWSLETTERS ALERTS NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS LIFESTYLES BUSINESS OPINION CONTACT JOBS CLASSIFIEDS MARKETPLACE PLACE AN AD FIND SCRANTON JOBS Facebook Twitter      
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     Antiseptic and Disinfectant Products Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast To 2022   View as PDF  Print View    Wiseguyreports.Com Adds "Antiseptic and Disinfectant Products -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022" To Its Research Database Pune , India - April 13, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ -- Antiseptic and Disinfectant Products Industry Description This report studies sales (consumption) of Antiseptic and Disinfectant Products in Global market, especially in United States, China, Europe and Japan, focuses on top players in these regions/countries, with sales, price, revenue and market share for each player in these regions, covering Accor Allergan Starwood Reynolds American Procter & Gamble 3M Colgate-Palmolive DuPont Medical Chemical Daley International Cardinal Health Dow Microbial Control Ecolab Johnson & Johnson Stepan Melrose Chemical Request for Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1003210-global-antiseptic-and-disinfectant-products-sales-market-report-2017 Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with sales (consumption), revenue, market share and growth rate of Antiseptic and Disinfectant Products in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like United States China Europe Japan Southeast Asia India Split by product Types, with sales, revenue, price and gross margin, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Hand Sanitizers Cleaning Agents Mouthwashes Other Split by applications, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Antiseptic and Disinfectant Products in each application, can be divided into Hygiene and Wellness Sector Household Other Leave a Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1003210-global-antiseptic-and-disinfectant-products-sales-market-report-2017 Table of Contents Global Antiseptic and Disinfectant Products Sales Market Report 2017 1 Antiseptic and Disinfectant Products Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Antiseptic and Disinfectant Products 1.2 Classification of Antiseptic and Disinfectant Products 1.2.1 Hand Sanitizers 1.2.2 Cleaning Agents 1.2.3 Mouthwashes 1.2.4 Other 1.3 Application of Antiseptic and Disinfectant Products 1.3.1 Hygiene and Wellness Sector 1.3.2 Household 1.3.3 Other 1.4 Antiseptic and Disinfectant Products Market by Regions 1.4.1 United States Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.2 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value and Volume) of Antiseptic and Disinfectant Products (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Antiseptic and Disinfectant Products Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Antiseptic and Disinfectant Products Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2022) .... 9 Global Antiseptic and Disinfectant Products Manufacturers Analysis 9.1 Accor 9.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.1.2 Antiseptic and Disinfectant Products Product Type, Application and Specification 9.1.2.1 Product A 9.1.2.2 Product B 9.1.3 Accor Antiseptic and Disinfectant Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.2 Allergan 9.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.2.2 Antiseptic and Disinfectant Products Product Type, Application and Specification 9.2.2.1 Product A 9.2.2.2 Product B 9.2.3 Allergan Antiseptic and Disinfectant Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.3 Starwood 9.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.3.2 Antiseptic and Disinfectant Products Product Type, Application and Specification 9.3.2.1 Product A 9.3.2.2 Product B 9.3.3 Starwood Antiseptic and Disinfectant Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.4 Reynolds American 9.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.4.2 Antiseptic and Disinfectant Products Product Type, Application and Specification 9.4.2.1 Product A 9.4.2.2 Product B 9.4.3 Reynolds American Antiseptic and Disinfectant Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.5 Procter & Gamble 9.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.5.2 Antiseptic and Disinfectant Products Product Type, Application and Specification 9.5.2.1 Product A 9.5.2.2 Product B 9.5.3 Procter & Gamble Antiseptic and Disinfectant Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.6 3M 9.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.6.2 Antiseptic and Disinfectant Products Product Type, Application and Specification 9.6.2.1 Product A 9.6.2.2 Product B 9.6.3 3M Antiseptic and Disinfectant Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.7 Colgate-Palmolive 9.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.7.2 Antiseptic and Disinfectant Products Product Type, Application and Specification 9.7.2.1 Product A 9.7.2.2 Product B 9.7.3 Colgate-Palmolive Antiseptic and Disinfectant Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.8 DuPont Medical Chemical 9.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.8.2 Antiseptic and Disinfectant Products Product Type, Application and Specification 9.8.2.1 Product A 9.8.2.2 Product B 9.8.3 DuPont Medical Chemical Antiseptic and Disinfectant Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.9 Daley International 9.9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.9.2 Antiseptic and Disinfectant Products Product Type, Application and Specification 9.9.2.1 Product A 9.9.2.2 Product B 9.9.3 Daley International Antiseptic and Disinfectant Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.10 Cardinal Health 9.10.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.10.2 Antiseptic and Disinfectant Products Product Type, Application and Specification 9.10.2.1 Product A 9.10.2.2 Product B 9.10.3 Cardinal Health Antiseptic and Disinfectant Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.10.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.11 Dow Microbial Control 9.12 Ecolab 9.13 Johnson & Johnson 9.14 Stepan 9.15 Melrose Chemical Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1003210 Continued... Contact Us: Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (Us) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (Uk) Contact Info: Name: NORAH TRENT Email: sales@wiseguyreports.com Organization: WISE GUY RESEARCH CONSULTANTS PVT LTD Address: Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar Pune - 411028 Phone: +91 841 198 5042 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/antiseptic-and-disinfectant-products-market-2017-global-analysis-opportunities-and-forecast-to-2022/186170 For more information, please visit https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1003210-global-antiseptic-and-disinfectant-products-sales-market-report-2017 Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 186170 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Colore Art's Colored Pencils Is Now Available To Buy At Amazon (Fri 14th Apr 17) Colore Art's Pencils Set Is Now Available To Buy At Amazon (Fri 14th Apr 17) Big Ben Rubbish Removal Create Scalable Pricing System With New Lower Minimum Load (Fri 14th Apr 17) Broadcast Technology - True Second Screen Engagement To Be Unveiled At NABShow 2017 (Fri 14th Apr 17) JCD Construction of Palm Desert Expands Services to Meet Local Demand (Fri 14th Apr 17) St Clair Shores Michigan Plastic Surgeon Mommy Makeover Services Launched (Fri 14th Apr 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Barron's Cover Where to Find Yield We rank the best—and worst—places for income in a rising-rate world. European dividend stocks and utilities look attractive. MLPs, not so much. By Andrew Bary Biography January 2, 2017 Income-oriented investors have plenty of choices going into 2017, following the selloff in the bond market and rate-sensitive areas of the stock market during the second half of 2016. Table: Yield Plays for 2017 There now are yields of 3% to 7% on a range of stocks and bonds, including European equities, electric utilities, real estate... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Tesla: Its Future in Four Tweets Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Activision Has Big Plans for Call of Duty Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Bill Gross: Stocks Rest on Faulty Foundation Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Apple’s Cash Conundrum: Is Buying Disney the Answer? Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Steven A. Cohen May Have Met His Match Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Google, Amazon, and Other "Unstoppable" Big Tech Names 2 Spotify Builds an App for the Apple Watch 3 Our Review of Apple's New Video Editor Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Unilever Gives Internal Activism a Shot Agitate from the inside, or activists will seize the chance to shake things up for you. Asit Sharma (TMFfinosus) Apr 13, 2017 at 4:30PM Last week Unilever plc (NYSE:UL) released its plan for proceeding with life after spurning The Kraft Heinz Company's (NASDAQ:KHC) $143 billion takeover bid in mid-February. While there aren't many other companies with the heft of Kraft Heinz that could give Unilever a similar scare, an activist shareholder group acquiring just a few percentage points of ownership could still make life unpleasant for the company. Thus, Unilever's out to shake things up from the inside. The title of the strategy document, "Accelerating sustainable shareholder value creation," combines one of management's favorite touchstones, sustainability, with the idea that the organization can quickly unleash enough value to make shareholders indifferent to new external threats. In other words, Unilever wants you to know that it can boost its own economic returns -- and stock price -- while still chasing cherished goals such as halving the environmental impact of its products by 2030. Kraft Heinz's merger interest set off an alarm which rang loudly through Unilever's executive suite. Image source: Getty Images. Trim, borrow, return The action items in Unilever's plan follow what's become standard procedure for executive teams faced with change from outside forces. Alongside a new goal to improve underlying operating margin to 20% by 2020, the company has launched a massive 5 billion-euro share-repurchase program for 2017. It will also hike its dividend by 12%, which will boost total annual dividends paid to just over 4 billion euros. Last year, Unilever generated 5.2 billion euros in free cash flow, and this year's free cash flow won't deviate markedly from 2016 levels, so there's a funding gap of roughly 4 billion euros in this shareholder gift package. The company will cover its shortfall through borrowing: The strategy document calls for additional balance-sheet leverage up to a net-debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 2.0. By my calculations, Unilever can comfortably issue another 6 billion euros in debt and stay under this number. At present, Unilever has a total debt-to-EBITDA ratio (a slightly different measure from net debt) of approximately 1.5, which is in line with competitor Procter & Gamble's (NYSE:PG) total-debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 1.8, and much lower than Mondelez International Inc.'s (NASDAQ:MDLZ) ratio of 5.2. The essence of these comparisons? The maximum leverage Unilever has outlined is manageable, and probably won't affect its credit ratings with major debt-grading agencies. Moreover, adding debt to the balance sheet decreases Unilever's attractiveness to a potential suitor. Divest and recombine Shareholders who also happen to invest in Unilever's fellow consumer-goods conglomerate Mondelez will recognize the gist of these various initiatives. Mondelez has generated over $5.7 billion in free cash flow over the last three years, and returned nearly $11.0 billion to shareholders during the same period through dividends and share repurchases. It's met its own return package shortfall by using the proceeds from the 2015 sale of its packaged-coffee business to privately held JAB Holdings. Like most of its peers, Mondelez has had a devil of a time bolstering revenue in a global consumer economy beset by a strong U.S. dollar and guarded consumers. So it's pinned shareholders' attention to alternative goals: better margins, higher organic revenue growth, and of course, ample capital return to shareholders. So far, Mondelez has managed to keep both activists and potential suitors at bay. Unilever has its own version of Mondelez's coffee-business sale. Its new strategy includes the intended sale of its "spreads" business, which has struggled over the past few years as consumers have shifted away from margarine in favor of butter and basic cooking oils. Under the current vision, net cash proceeds from a sale of the spreads unit will almost certainly service shareholder returns. In addition to divestment, Unilever is also introducing other operational changes which mimic how an external agitator might act after gaining an equity foothold. The organization announced last week that it's in the process of combining its "foods" and "refreshments" segments into a single operation. One could look to PepsiCo's (NYSE:PEP) recent success in co-marketing snacks and beverages as evidence that the segment combination will increase value for Unilever investors. I believe that the action also raises a tantalizing possibility that the new operation could be set free as a competitor to PepsiCo within a few years, via a tax-free spinoff to shareholders. Together, Unilever's foods and refreshments businesses booked over 22.5 billion euros in 2016 revenue. Should it stand alone, the combined unit would be one-third the size of PepsiCo -- becoming a smaller, and likely more agile, competitor. Such a spinoff could prove an unanticipated boon to shareholders who stick with the company. In sum, Unilever is signaling to the market that it's willing to be more flexible in thinking about its operations, while following a conventional set of exercises common to large companies under threat from activism. It's clear that Unilever's management doesn't want to sacrifice company ideals, even if a tie-up with Kraft Heinz -- or any other consumer giant -- offers persuasive deal synergies and makes sense on paper. The Unilever team would rather thwart the potential for outside influence using defensive tools; ultimately, shareholders will have to either endorse or reject this strategy. As of this writing, stakeholders have issued an early thumbs-up: The company's stock has retained all of its appreciation from the Kraft Heinz sally, and shares are up nearly 24% year to date. Asit Sharma has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends PepsiCo. The Motley Fool recommends Unilever. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Asit Sharma (TMFfinosus) Midnight oil burners, unite! A CPA and CMA with a deep interest in business strategy, I also hold a Master's degree in English Literature from NYU. When I'm not thinking finance, I'm often reading: novels, poetry, and recently, the Panama Papers. You can find me on twitter here: Follow @asitmap Article Info Apr 13, 2017 at 4:30PM Consumer Goods Stocks Procter and Gamble NYSE:PG $90.03 down $0.28 (-0.31%) PepsiCo NYSE:PEP $112.68 down $0.93 (-0.82%) Mondelez International NASDAQ:MDLZ $44.05 down $0.34 (-0.77%) Unilever NYSE:UL $50.40 down $0.40 (-0.79%) The Kraft Heinz Company NASDAQ:KHC $91.50 down $0.43 (-0.47%) Read More Why Unilever PLC Stock Popped Today Forget Procter & Gamble Co: Here Are 2 Better Dividend Stocks Better Buy: Procter & Gamble Co. vs. Unilever Ignore Procter & Gamble: Here Are 3 Better Stocks Earnings Extravaganza with Unilever, Luxottica, and Time Warner Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Unilever Gives Internal Activism a Shot @themotleyfool #stocks $PG, $PEP, $MDLZ, $UL, $KHC
Welcome, Guest Log in | Register Home   Slideshows   Blogs   IT Downloads   Research Center   Newsletters   Sponsored Content IT Management   Data Center   Cloud   Careers   Mobility   Security   Enterprise Apps   Social Media   Big Data   Internet of Things Home      Blogs      Data And Telecom      Assessing Augmented Reality, Virtual Reality Together And Separately Related Content Topic :  Vulnerabilities and Patches  Weaknesses require a fix. Don't leave your system open to attack. Blog :  The Implicit AI Warning and United: Don’t Assure the Data at Your Peril Article :  Artificial Intelligence Can Be Boring, Too Assessing Augmented Reality, Virtual Reality Together and Separately Carl Weinschenk |   Data and Telecom   |   Posted 13 Apr, 2017          |         |     Share Augmented reality (AR) is in a good position because it has strong potential in both the enterprise and consumer sectors. Though most of the media attention has naturally flowed to the consumer side, substantial progress has also been made on using AR on the factory floor, on the loading dock, at remote worksites and elsewhere. One of the keys to sustaining and building on the initial progress is the creation of standards. Without a common set of ground rules, industry segments develop in a haphazard, helter-skelter manner that leads to confusion and, ultimately, disappointment. The AR industry wants to avoid that future. This week, UI LABS and The Augmented Reality for Enterprise Alliance (AREA) released functional requirement guidelines for AR hardware and software. The press release says that the standards aim to support AR performance and efficiency among manufacturing companies. More specifically, they focus on training and safety; factor flow and field services operations; machine assembly, inspection and repair; manufacturing space and product design and other elements. The push was started by Lockheed Martin, Caterpillar and Procter & Gamble through a UI LABS collaboration called the Digital Manufacturing and Design Innovation Institute. Sixty-five organizations are now on board. Deloitte University Press’ assessment of the AR and VR sectors starts with some very compelling numbers. The firm found that more than 150 companies, and 52 in the Fortune 500, are testing or have deployed AR and/or virtual reality (VR). Startups and corporations invested $2.3 billion in in the category last year. Five companies unveiled AR and VR hardware in 2016; some was targeted at enterprises. The writers saved the most impressive fact for last on its list: IDC projects the AR/VR segment to grow from $5.2 billion last year to $162 billion by 2020. A report from Business Insider aimed at generating interest in a much longer study suggests that the success of AR in the workplace will depend upon progress in the consumer sector. The report relies to some extent on comments made by Dr. Matthias Winkenbach to The Wall Street Journal. The fact that commercial uses have emerged doesn’t reduce the need for consumer success: Although there are already niche industries where the use of AR and VR is being investigated, such as using AR to train surgeons, broader adoption and use cases by enterprises will rely on mass consumer adoption first, Dr. Winkenbach said. That’s because device makers tend to develop and improve hardware for the commercial sector only after its gained traction with consumers — as was the case for the iPhone, for instance. AR and VR hardware makers will likely focus on making the consumer experience better before turning to the enterprise. AR and VR are different technologies and the emergence of the standards is a good time to begin discussing AR and VR as discrete technologies. The two are almost always considered together, and that is understandable: The names are similar and they both deal with augmenting what is being perceived by the user. However, the differences in what they actually do and their business cases suggest that they should be considered separately. Carl Weinschenk covers telecom for IT Business Edge. He writes about wireless technology, disaster recovery/business continuity, cellular services, the Internet of Things, machine-to-machine communications and other emerging technologies and platforms. He also covers net neutrality and related regulatory issues. Weinschenk has written about the phone companies, cable operators and related companies for decades and is senior editor of Broadband Technology Report. He can be reached at cweinsch@optonline.net and via twitter at @DailyMusicBrk.          |         |     Share Add Comment      Leave a comment on this blog post Please enable Javascript in your browser, before you post the comment! Now Javascript is disabled. Post a comment  Your name/nickname  Your email  WebSite  Subject (Maximum characters: 1200). You have 1200 characters left.     Subscribe to our Newsletters Sign up now and get the best business technology insights direct to your inbox. SUBSCRIBE   Property of Quinstreet Enterprise. Sitemap | Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | About Us | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright © 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2014 Quinstreet Inc. All right reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 April 2017 by Military News Global Baby Diaper Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 New York, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/13/2017 — In this report, the global Baby Diaper market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Baby Diaper in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1175994-global-baby-diaper-market-research-report-2017 Global Baby Diaper market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including P&G Kimberly Clark Unicharm SCA Ontex Kao First Quality Hengan Daio Domtar Chiaus DSG Pigeon DaddyBaby Fuburg On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Disposable Baby Diaper Cloth Diapers On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Baby Diaper for each application, including Baby (Less than 7 kg) Baby (7-15 kg) Baby (More than 15 kg) Access Complete Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1175994-global-baby-diaper-market-research-report-2017 If you have any special requirements, please let us know and we will offer you the report as you want. Table of Contents Global Baby Diaper Market Research Report 2017 1 Baby Diaper Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Baby Diaper 1.2 Baby Diaper Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Baby Diaper Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Baby Diaper Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Disposable Baby Diaper 1.2.4 Cloth Diapers 1.3 Global Baby Diaper Segment by Application 1.3.1 Baby Diaper Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Baby (Less than 7 kg) 1.3.3 Baby (7-15 kg) 1.3.4 Baby (More than 15 kg) 1.4 Global Baby Diaper Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Baby Diaper Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Baby Diaper (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Baby Diaper Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Baby Diaper Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 2 Global Baby Diaper Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1 Global Baby Diaper Capacity, Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.1 Global Baby Diaper Capacity and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.2 Global Baby Diaper Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.2 Global Baby Diaper Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.3 Global Baby Diaper Average Price by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.4 Manufacturers Baby Diaper Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area and Product Type 2.5 Baby Diaper Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 Baby Diaper Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 Baby Diaper Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion 3 Global Baby Diaper Capacity, Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2012-2017) 3.1 Global Baby Diaper Capacity and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.2 Global Baby Diaper Production and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.3 Global Baby Diaper Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.4 Global Baby Diaper Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.5 North America Baby Diaper Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.6 Europe Baby Diaper Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.7 China Baby Diaper Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.8 Japan Baby Diaper Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.9 Southeast Asia Baby Diaper Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.10 India Baby Diaper Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 4 Global Baby Diaper Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Region (2012-2017) 4.1 Global Baby Diaper Consumption by Region (2012-2017) 4.2 North America Baby Diaper Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.3 Europe Baby Diaper Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.4 China Baby Diaper Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.5 Japan Baby Diaper Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.6 Southeast Asia Baby Diaper Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.7 India Baby Diaper Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 5 Global Baby Diaper Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type 5.1 Global Baby Diaper Production and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.2 Global Baby Diaper Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.3 Global Baby Diaper Price by Type (2012-2017) 5.4 Global Baby Diaper Production Growth by Type (2012-2017) 6 Global Baby Diaper Market Analysis by Application 6.1 Global Baby Diaper Consumption and Market Share by Application (2012-2017) 6.2 Global Baby Diaper Consumption Growth Rate by Application (2012-2017) 6.3 Market Drivers and Opportunities 6.3.1 Potential Applications 6.3.2 Emerging Markets/Countries Purchase Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1175994 CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Agricultural Equipment Market Forecast, 2016-2024 by Applications and End- Use Industry Next PostNext Interstitial Cystitis – Epidemiology Insights – 2023 Market Report; Launched via MarketResearchReports.com Search Recent Posts Sepsis Diagnostics Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Fitness Equipment Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. New Research Report Focused On World Ciprofloxacin base Market Development Overview Forecast To 2022 Servo Drives and Motors Market | Outlook Research Report 2014-2021 By DecisionDatabases Wound Care Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video Snow, spinouts force I-80 closure in Sierra Farmers’ market to close as Berkeley braces for pro-Trump rally 3 East Bay residents accused of running phony investment ring Foreign minister slams Trump for ‘making trouble’ News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Lack of Korean films not political, says Beijing festival Quotes from North Korean official about tensions with US Ex-sheriff wants Sessions to be witness at contempt trial Government: 36 Islamic State fighters killed by massive bomb Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Dustin Johnson headed back to PGA Tour at Wells Fargo Giants fall to 0-3 in Madison Bumgarner starts with loss to Sure-handed Tre Watson poised to be Cal’s featured running back At Stanford, Gould returns to mentor running backs Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Scorpion stings passenger on United flight California tells Uber it’s sloppy about ditching drunken Report: Secret Uber program 'Hell' spied on Lyft drivers Teachers cash in, big time, by putting lessons up for sale A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do A view of life and death, ‘Truman’ is a thing of beauty The latest from Dear Abby No riches from TheatreWorks’ ‘Rags’ ‘Vertigo’ master class; James Ivory honored at 60th SFIFF Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog Gwyneth Paltrow wines and dines around San Francisco East Bay city embroiled in In-N-Out Burger battle You've got about six weeks left to visit Doc's Clock in its Salmon season to be cut short in fisheries along California coast Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis The Santa Cruz garden that launched a movement Look up! Don't miss this week's 'Pink Moon' San Francisco trivia quiz -- April 9, 2017 Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips The Santa Cruz garden that launched a movement Blossoms burst out to brighten hikers’ paths One Day, One Place: Exploring region shaped by fire Where to flock for Lake County’s feathered fauna Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Modern masterwork in Corona Heights Registered landmark Queen Anne with gorgeous period Noe Valley contemporary boasts four levels of luxury living Ornate, preserved Victorian triplex, circa 1900, hits the market Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Subaru makes an even sleeker Outback Infiniti Q60 Red Sport a racy, versatile performer Showboating Mustang crashes after leaving Lambo dealership Latest Impreza debuts Subaru’s Global Platform Architecture Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work How to successfully use the phone to expand your job search Make a job fair work for you Finding a good mentor is one of the best career strategies Should you take a counteroffer? Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Google-ad-rivals-step-up-after-YouTube-controversy-11071573.php Google ad rivals step up after YouTube controversy By Mark Bergen Published 11:49 am, Thursday, April 13, 2017 Weeks after scores of advertisers boycotted YouTube, Google is still trying to mitigate the damage. Meanwhile, long-struggling competitors in the digital ad market are seizing the moment. MediaMath Inc., a New York seller of software for automated online ad buying, is introducing a service to ensure that ads only run alongside hand-picked, “high quality” content. The “curated market” offering comes amid concern over some big brand ads appearing against racist, violent and offensive YouTube videos. “We’re developing for the largest brands in the world who need to be assured of a safe environment for digital advertising,” said Erich Wasserman, MediaMath’s co-founder. “We’re happily able to do this at a time when the market is shouting for it.” Google has tried to silence the shouting. After the first wave of advertiser defections, Google introduced new controls to address the problem. When more advertisers left, Google added even more features and shifted resources into new technology that flags offensive videos and disables ads on them. TOP BUSINESS VIDEOS: Story continues below | Business news first: Sign in for newsletters Most analysts believe the YouTube boycott will have minimal impact on Google sales. Its draw is too large to keep advertisers away permanently, and the boycott has not stopped search ads, Google’s bedrock. Yet some marketing agencies and advertisers are reevaluating buying plans, cognizant of the harm poor ad placement can cause. That adds pressure on Google, the biggest division of Mountain View’s Alphabet. “If you can create a driverless car and artificial intelligence, you can figure out how to keep a brand safe,” Marc Pritchard, chief brand officer of Procter & Gamble Co., said at an interview during an advertising conference last week in Los Angeles. On Wednesday, NBCUniversal announced a deal with mobile ad company Kargo Global Inc. to place ads on 300 premium digital properties from 70 media companies. Persuading advertisers to pay up for premium content was a feat, given the discounts and wide distribution that giants like Google offer, said Kargo CEO Harry Kargman. The YouTube boycott was a gift. “We were prepared for a drawn-out fight,” he said. “Basically, the market has done it for us.” MediaMath, too, views its new service as responding to a market shift. The YouTube crisis wasn’t just a backlash against Google, it was a protest against the pitfalls of automated advertising in general — the systems and services that let marketers accurately target consumers but also sprinkle ads everywhere across the web. MediaMath said its new service will limit that sprinkling, sending ads to websites and online videos that it constantly monitors for quality. The company said it has 7,000 advertisers and 500 publishers on board with the service, although it declined to share its pricing or early revenue figures. It’s likely that shifts in digital spending away from Google, if any, would not appear until later in the year. However, some ad companies said they are seeing efforts to realign spending now to avoid the YouTube fracas. Charles Gabriel, president of Apester, which makes interactive software for publishers, said that over the past two weeks marketers began requesting safety controls on all online videos where they run ads. Google executives have argued that, given YouTube’s size, brand safety guarantees for every single video are impossible. But they’ve reassured marketers the issue will subside. Tara Walpert Levy, Google’s vice president of agency and media solutions, told the audience in Los Angeles that many advertisers that left over the issue have returned. But only Johnson & Johnson has said so publicly. At the conference, attitudes about the YouTube scandal were mixed. Some echoed P&G’s Pritchard. But others dismissed it as an inflated scandal, driven by the television industry, which is hosting its annual ad price-negotiation conference soon. Michael Roth, head of ad giant Interpublic Group of Cos., admitted as much on stage. Much of the YouTube hubbub, he said, was a behind-the-scenes negotiation from the older industry to compete with technology upstarts. That leverage, along with pressure from others, is necessary given the rising digital dominance of Google and Facebook. “When it’s a duopoly, you always root for someone else to keep them honest,” he said. Mark Bergen is a Bloomberg writer. Email: mbergen10@bloomberg.net Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. LATEST NEWS Snow, spinouts force I-80 closure in Sierra Market to close as Berkeley braces for pro-Trump rally 3 E. Bay residents accused of phony investment ring 'Star Wars' releases tearjerking new footage of Carrie Fisher NASA: Ice-covered moon of Saturn could sustain alien life Report: US threatens to attack North Korea over nuclear test Curry and Durant had a fierce 3-point shootout decided by 1 Proof that San Francisco traffic really is worse 'Infuriated' United pilots slam cops for dragging passenger Scorpion stings passenger on United flight Lawyer: United apology was 'staged'; victim injuries detailed 4 statements by United on passenger's removal from flight Only true locals can pass this Bay Area hometown trivia test San Francisco trivia quiz -- April 9, 2017 US hit IS with largest non-nuclear bomb ever used Here's the father of all bombs: Russia's answer to the MOAB Talbot: Planned Parenthood under siege; time to fight, again ‘Dolores’ delivers the inspirational jolt we need TODAY'S TOP PICKS Storms leave Big Sur deserted for 9 weeks A tale of two trips on low-fare carriers: One is a disaster Gwyneth Paltrow wines and dines around SF Most Popular 1 Giants’ Crawford out of lineup after sister-in-law’s death 2 'Infuriated' United pilots union slams cops for forcibly... 3 Boy, 8, drives sister, 4, to McDonald's for a cheeseburger,... 4 Scorpion stings passenger on United flight 5 Woman mugged by teen mob outside SF Muni bus 6 Gwyneth Paltrow wines and dines around San Francisco 7 Tensions between the US and North Korea are ramping up amid... 8 Farmers’ market to close as Berkeley braces for pro-Trump rally 9 US drops 'mother of all bombs' on Islamic State tunnel 10 Report: San Francisco traffic worsened by construction View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 April 2017 by Military News Adam Wohl Joins SRG as Executive Creative Director BOULDER, Colo., April 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Sterling-Rice Group (SRG), a Boulder-based brand consultancy and creative agency, has hired advertising industry talent Adam Wohl as Executive Creative Director (ECD). In this role, Wohl will oversee creative at SRG, bolstering the agency’s communications practice, which spans advertising, digital, and integrated marketing.   Wohl comes to SRG from New York. He was most recently Global Creative Director/ECD at TWBA/Chiat/Day, where he led the firm’s work for BNY Mellon, Michelin, and other clients. He led the team responsible for TWBA/Chiat/Day’s, „First Drives” campaign for Michelin and the agency’s award-winning „93/7” campaign for BNY Mellon. Adam Wohl joins Sterling-Rice Group as Executive Creative Director „For more than a decade, Adam has been a creative force behind many of the world’s most recognizable and relevant brands,” said Cindy Judge, president of SRG. „He has a gift for creating work that impresses award judges and, importantly, drives clients’ bottomlines. With Adam on board we are even better prepared to deliver breakthrough campaigns for our clients, no matter the challenge and wherever they do business.” Wohl has spent his life telling stories. After graduating from the Newhouse School at Syracuse University with a degree in film, Wohl’s very first script was selected by Warner Brothers for the company’s prestigious Writers Program. Since then, Wohl has written television and film scripts for most major studios, and he remains an active member of the Writers Guild of America.  Prior to TWBA/Chiat/Day, Wohl was ECD at mcgarrybowen, where he led creative for P&G, Marriott, and United Airlines, as well as worked on the Maserati and Verizon brands. Before that, Wohl managed the global Samsung account for Cheil USA, where he helped drive the most profitable year in Samsung’s history. His work for Samsung included the „Olympic Drums” and „Ultimate Multitasker” spots featuring David Beckham and James Franco, respectively.    He also worked as freelance creative director on the Wendy’s brand for Kaplan Thaler and on Nike for Wieden+Kennedy in Portland. „I feel as lucky as I do excited about being a part of the future of SRG,” said Wohl. „The potential of the agency’s success is incredible, and the spirit and strength of the employees and the culture created as a result speaks for itself.” Early in his ad career, Wohl cofounded MIR, an award-winning agency focused on the intersection of storytelling and technology. MIR worked with many top-tier brands, including Amex, Citi, Coca-Cola, Kraft, Lexus, LG, Nissan, and Unilever, and was sold to Publicis in 2011.  ABOUT SRG Headquartered in Boulder, Colo., SRG is a nationally recognized brand consultancy and creative agency. For more than 30 years, companies ranging from small entrepreneurial start-ups to some of the biggest brands in the world have come to Boulder to seek out SRG’s expertise in consumer insights, brand strategy and positioning, new product innovation, advertising, and design. With deep experience in all things consumer and culinary, it is responsible for $10 billion in incremental value for clients over the past five years alone. SRG has been ranked on Outside Magazine’s Best Places to Work list for the past six years and was also recognized by Ad Age as a 2016 Best Place to Work. Visit www.srg.com for more information.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/adam-wohl-joins-srg-as-executive-creative-director-300439143.html SOURCE Sterling-Rice Group Related Links http://www.srg.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Sc2 Corp Announces Quinten C. Stevens Joins the Company as Co-Chief Executive Officer, Member of the Board of Directors and Investor Next PostNext Honda Silicon Valley Lab Takes on Global Role as New Company: Honda R&D Innovations, Inc. (Honda Innovations) Posted on 13 April 2017 by Military News Adam Wohl Joins SRG as Executive Creative Director BOULDER, Colo., April 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Sterling-Rice Group (SRG), a Boulder-based brand consultancy and creative agency, has hired advertising industry talent Adam Wohl as Executive Creative Director (ECD). In this role, Wohl will oversee creative at SRG, bolstering the agency’s communications practice, which spans advertising, digital, and integrated marketing.   Wohl comes to SRG from New York. He was most recently Global Creative Director/ECD at TWBA/Chiat/Day, where he led the firm’s work for BNY Mellon, Michelin, and other clients. He led the team responsible for TWBA/Chiat/Day’s, „First Drives” campaign for Michelin and the agency’s award-winning „93/7” campaign for BNY Mellon. Adam Wohl joins Sterling-Rice Group as Executive Creative Director „For more than a decade, Adam has been a creative force behind many of the world’s most recognizable and relevant brands,” said Cindy Judge, president of SRG. „He has a gift for creating work that impresses award judges and, importantly, drives clients’ bottomlines. With Adam on board we are even better prepared to deliver breakthrough campaigns for our clients, no matter the challenge and wherever they do business.” Wohl has spent his life telling stories. After graduating from the Newhouse School at Syracuse University with a degree in film, Wohl’s very first script was selected by Warner Brothers for the company’s prestigious Writers Program. Since then, Wohl has written television and film scripts for most major studios, and he remains an active member of the Writers Guild of America.  Prior to TWBA/Chiat/Day, Wohl was ECD at mcgarrybowen, where he led creative for P&G, Marriott, and United Airlines, as well as worked on the Maserati and Verizon brands. Before that, Wohl managed the global Samsung account for Cheil USA, where he helped drive the most profitable year in Samsung’s history. His work for Samsung included the „Olympic Drums” and „Ultimate Multitasker” spots featuring David Beckham and James Franco, respectively.    He also worked as freelance creative director on the Wendy’s brand for Kaplan Thaler and on Nike for Wieden+Kennedy in Portland. „I feel as lucky as I do excited about being a part of the future of SRG,” said Wohl. „The potential of the agency’s success is incredible, and the spirit and strength of the employees and the culture created as a result speaks for itself.” Early in his ad career, Wohl cofounded MIR, an award-winning agency focused on the intersection of storytelling and technology. MIR worked with many top-tier brands, including Amex, Citi, Coca-Cola, Kraft, Lexus, LG, Nissan, and Unilever, and was sold to Publicis in 2011.  ABOUT SRG Headquartered in Boulder, Colo., SRG is a nationally recognized brand consultancy and creative agency. For more than 30 years, companies ranging from small entrepreneurial start-ups to some of the biggest brands in the world have come to Boulder to seek out SRG’s expertise in consumer insights, brand strategy and positioning, new product innovation, advertising, and design. With deep experience in all things consumer and culinary, it is responsible for $10 billion in incremental value for clients over the past five years alone. SRG has been ranked on Outside Magazine’s Best Places to Work list for the past six years and was also recognized by Ad Age as a 2016 Best Place to Work. Visit www.srg.com for more information.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/adam-wohl-joins-srg-as-executive-creative-director-300439143.html SOURCE Sterling-Rice Group Related Links http://www.srg.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Sc2 Corp Announces Quinten C. Stevens Joins the Company as Co-Chief Executive Officer, Member of the Board of Directors and Investor Next PostNext Honda Silicon Valley Lab Takes on Global Role as New Company: Honda R&D Innovations, Inc. (Honda Innovations) Posted on 13 April 2017 by Military News Adam Wohl Joins SRG as Executive Creative Director BOULDER, Colo., April 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Sterling-Rice Group (SRG), a Boulder-based brand consultancy and creative agency, has hired advertising industry talent Adam Wohl as Executive Creative Director (ECD). In this role, Wohl will oversee creative at SRG, bolstering the agency’s communications practice, which spans advertising, digital, and integrated marketing.   Wohl comes to SRG from New York. He was most recently Global Creative Director/ECD at TWBA/Chiat/Day, where he led the firm’s work for BNY Mellon, Michelin, and other clients. He led the team responsible for TWBA/Chiat/Day’s, „First Drives” campaign for Michelin and the agency’s award-winning „93/7” campaign for BNY Mellon. Adam Wohl joins Sterling-Rice Group as Executive Creative Director „For more than a decade, Adam has been a creative force behind many of the world’s most recognizable and relevant brands,” said Cindy Judge, president of SRG. „He has a gift for creating work that impresses award judges and, importantly, drives clients’ bottomlines. With Adam on board we are even better prepared to deliver breakthrough campaigns for our clients, no matter the challenge and wherever they do business.” Wohl has spent his life telling stories. After graduating from the Newhouse School at Syracuse University with a degree in film, Wohl’s very first script was selected by Warner Brothers for the company’s prestigious Writers Program. Since then, Wohl has written television and film scripts for most major studios, and he remains an active member of the Writers Guild of America.  Prior to TWBA/Chiat/Day, Wohl was ECD at mcgarrybowen, where he led creative for P&G, Marriott, and United Airlines, as well as worked on the Maserati and Verizon brands. Before that, Wohl managed the global Samsung account for Cheil USA, where he helped drive the most profitable year in Samsung’s history. His work for Samsung included the „Olympic Drums” and „Ultimate Multitasker” spots featuring David Beckham and James Franco, respectively.    He also worked as freelance creative director on the Wendy’s brand for Kaplan Thaler and on Nike for Wieden+Kennedy in Portland. „I feel as lucky as I do excited about being a part of the future of SRG,” said Wohl. „The potential of the agency’s success is incredible, and the spirit and strength of the employees and the culture created as a result speaks for itself.” Early in his ad career, Wohl cofounded MIR, an award-winning agency focused on the intersection of storytelling and technology. MIR worked with many top-tier brands, including Amex, Citi, Coca-Cola, Kraft, Lexus, LG, Nissan, and Unilever, and was sold to Publicis in 2011.  ABOUT SRG Headquartered in Boulder, Colo., SRG is a nationally recognized brand consultancy and creative agency. For more than 30 years, companies ranging from small entrepreneurial start-ups to some of the biggest brands in the world have come to Boulder to seek out SRG’s expertise in consumer insights, brand strategy and positioning, new product innovation, advertising, and design. With deep experience in all things consumer and culinary, it is responsible for $10 billion in incremental value for clients over the past five years alone. SRG has been ranked on Outside Magazine’s Best Places to Work list for the past six years and was also recognized by Ad Age as a 2016 Best Place to Work. Visit www.srg.com for more information.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/adam-wohl-joins-srg-as-executive-creative-director-300439143.html SOURCE Sterling-Rice Group Related Links http://www.srg.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Sc2 Corp Announces Quinten C. Stevens Joins the Company as Co-Chief Executive Officer, Member of the Board of Directors and Investor Next PostNext Honda Silicon Valley Lab Takes on Global Role as New Company: Honda R&D Innovations, Inc. (Honda Innovations) Search Recent Posts Sepsis Diagnostics Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Fitness Equipment Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. New Research Report Focused On World Ciprofloxacin base Market Development Overview Forecast To 2022 Servo Drives and Motors Market | Outlook Research Report 2014-2021 By DecisionDatabases Wound Care Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 April 2017 by Military News How to preserve your good name in the era of fake news The use of the term “fake news” has exploded since the recent presidential campaign. Yet two experts with deep experience say the reputational damage caused by false stories is nothing new and that every organization should prepare to combat misinformation. The two will speak at Ragan’s PR and Media Relations Summit in New York City from April 5–7. Christopher Barger, a founding partner at the executive consultancy Brain+Trust Partners, will discuss “The science of trust: The communicator’s survival guide for the ‘age of post-factualism.’” John P. David, president of David PR Group, plans to offer tactics and strategies in his session, “How to Protect or Destroy Your Online Reputation” Post-factualism has been around for a long time, Barger says. The problem is that people are wired to believe and respond to negative information, making it harder for organizations to tamp down the flames of rumor-mongering. Procter & Gamble Co. had to battle false rumors in the 1980s that its logo was a satanic symbol, Barger notes. Tommy Hilfiger said last fall he is still burned by a two-decade-old viral lie that he had made racist comments on “The Oprah Winfrey Show.” “This is not just about politics,” Barger says. “This is not just about one particular candidate or one particular set of voters.” Old or new, the dangers to reputation are serious, and organizations are judged on how they are depicted online. Yet many in the PR profession don’t know all the things that can be done to fight back, David says. Just ask Often people think the only thing you can do is flood the internet with positive info to push false rumors or negative information lower in the search results, he says, but there are other steps as well. Often you can ask politely and get false stories taken down from websites, David says. Many blogs and corporate websites will respond positively to a request. Just don’t go in with guns blazing, or you’ll hurt your cause. Another tactic is to get providers to take down malicious content. All online content has to move through the conduits, whether the falsehoods are spread via AT&T, Verizon, YouTube, GoDaddy, Google or other means. “Every piece of online content has to abide by lots of different rules and lots of different conditions,” David says. If you can show, say, managers of a blogging platform that a malicious user is breaking the rules, you sometimes can get it removed. Even if you can’t remove a post, Google often respond to complaints and causes malicious posts to disappear from search results. Bad internal data Bad information isn’t cooked up only by guys in their underwear scarfing Cheetos and spreading fake news from their basements. It can emerge internally as well. Bad information can spread internally when people are trying to force data to fit what the chief executive wants to see, Barger says. It can also come as rival departments jockey for budget and position, thereby interpreting data in ways that are favorable to themselves. Similarly, vendors can twist the facts to highlight their own accomplishments. For example, when the Washington Redskins set up a website for its 2014 training camp, third-party media monitoring services claimed that the site drew a staggering 7.8 billion unique visitors to the site. “They issued a release saying there were more unique visitors coming to that website to check out their training camp than there are people on earth,” Barger says. “Very clearly, badly interpreted data.” To avoid such problems, it’s important to establish internal safeguards to ensure integrity of data, Barger says. Does everybody have access to the same information? Is there agreement throughout your organization on the definition of key performance indicators? Employees now targeted As reputational crises blow up online, organizations must understand that their employees might find themselves in the line of fire. Nordstrom’s shares tumbled after President Donald Trump tweeted in February that the chain had treated his daughter “so unfairly” when it stopped selling Ivanka Trump’s clothing and accessory line. The retail chain said that decision was based on sales performance. Most people won’t have access to the CEO at Nordstrom, Barger says, but they might know a cashier at the perfume counter or their neighbor who sells shoes at the store. Nowadays these individuals can become a focal point of contention during crises. “They become the person who is going to for better or worse is influence the audience’s perception of the company,” he says. Organizations should train and better inform employees, empowering them to recognize the role they play. “In a polarized environment,” Barger says, “employees are now on the front line in terms of potentially being on the receiving end of threats, being on the receiving end of bullying.” Cyber security isn’t the responsibility of just the technology folks, David says. If your business touches any kind of private data—credit card records, medical records, Social Security numbers—you’re vulnerable to a cyber attack, he says. “We have to start looking at reputation as crossing multiple areas of a company,” David says. “We have to have plans in place so that our employees understand that, and we have to prepare them and educate them about how they impact the equation.” To learn more about saving your reputation and combatting false news, sign up here for Ragan’s PR and Media Relations Summit. @byworking (Image via) CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Report: Marketers turn to Instagram, YouTube, LinkedIn and more for social listening Next PostNext Delta focuses on consumer interaction in the wake of canceled flights Search Recent Posts Orbis Research: Global Top Countries Carbon Brush Industry Report 2017-2022 Global Particleboard (Chipboard) Market Analysis with Competitive Landscape: Based On Latest Research 2022 Outdoor LED Display Market | Growth, Trend & Forecast Research Report 2015-2022 Global Top Countries Aspherical Lense Industry 2022 Market Research Report Worldwide Modified Polyphenylene Oxide (PPO) Market Report: Comprehensive Market and Vendor Landscape Including Latest Trends and Drivers Forecast 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper BS Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-CM » Equities » Market Report SKP Securities to hold board meeting Business Standard Pharma stocks buck weak trend Capital Market  April 13, 2017 Last Updated at 14:20 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UUvqMS ALSO READ Pharma stocks gain Sensex, Nifty hit two-week closing high Pharma, realty stocks gain IT stocks hog limelight Pharma stocks recover from previous session's slide Key benchmark indices remained weak with moderate losses in mid-afternoon trade. At 14:20 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was down 115.92 points or 0.39% at 29,527.56. The Nifty 50 index was down 23.85 points or 0.26% at 9,175.20. Sentiment was subdued after domestic data showed that industrial production contracted in February and consumer price inflation edged up in March. Weak global cues also weighed on market sentiment. Key indices had extended losses in afternoon trade after hovering within a narrow range in negative terrain till early afternoon trade. The BSE Mid-Cap index was up 0.22%. The BSE Small-Cap index was up 0.51%. Both these indices outperformed the Sensex. The breadth, indicating the overall health of the market, was positive. On the BSE, 1,481 shares rose and 1,289 shares fell. A total of 156 shares were unchanged. FMCG stocks were mixed. Tata Global Beverages (down 0.1%), Marico (down 0.84%), Britannia Industries (down 0.54%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care (down 0.84%), Dabur India (down 0.07%), Colgate Palmolive India (down 0.58%), and Nestle India (down 1.29%) gained. Hindustan Unilever (HUL) (up 0.1%), GlaxoSmithkline Consumer Healthcare (up 0.15%), Jyothy Laboratories (up 3.23%), Bajaj Corp (up 2.47%) and Godrej Consumer Products (up 0.39%) gained. Pharma stocks bucked weak trend. Sun Pharmaceutical Industries (up 2.07%), Aurobindo Pharma (up 0.02%), Lupin (up 0.57%), Wockhardt (up 0.41%), Dr Reddy's Laboratories (up 0.56%), Divi's Laboratories (up 0.23%), and Glenmark Pharmaceuticals (up 0.19%) gained. Cipla (down 0.06%) and Cadila Healthcare (down 0.31%) declined. IOL Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals was locked at 10% upper circuit at Rs 66.30 after the company announced it received EUGMP Certification from National Institute of Pharmacy and Nutrition, Hungary, for its product Ibuprofen, Lamotrigine, Metformin Hydrochloride confirming compliance with principals of Good Manufacturing Practices as provided by European Union Legislation. This will facilitate the company to expand its product portfolio in the European market, IOL Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals said. The announcement was made after market hours yesterday, 12 April 2017. Kamdhenu rose 0.57% after the company said that a meeting of the board of directors of the company is scheduled to be held on Thursday, 20 April 2017, to consider issue of warrants convertible into equity shares on preferential/ private placement basis. The announcement was made after market hours yesterday, 12 April 2017. On macroeconomic data front, industrial production declined 1.2% in February 2017 over February 2016, snapping 3.3% growth recorded in January 2017. The manufacturing sector's production dipped 2% in February 2017, mainly contributing to the dip in industrial production. The inflation based on consumer price index (CPI) increased to 3.81% in March 2017 (new base 2012=100), compared with 3.65% in February 2017. The corresponding provisional inflation rate for rural area was 3.75% and urban area 3.88% in March 2017 as against 3.67% and 3.55% in February 2017. The core CPI inflation rose marginally to 4.79% in March 2017 from 4.75% in February 2017. The CPI and IIP data was announced after market hours yesterday, 12 April 2017. Overseas, European stocks edged lower as investors digested US President Donald Trump's comments that he would prefer the Federal Reserve to keep interest rates low and suggested the dollar is too strong. Meanwhile, Germany's inflation rate dropped notably in March, as expected, because of easing increases of energy and food prices. The annual inflation rate, measured by harmonized European Union standards, fell to 1.5% after hitting a 4 1/2-year high of 2.2% in February, the statistics office said. Asian stocks were mixed. China's exports rose 14.8% in the first quarter from a year earlier in yuan terms, extending an 11% increase in the first two months, official data showed. Imports in the January to March period increased 31.1% in yuan terms from a year earlier, compared with a 34.2% rise in the first two months, the General Administration of Customs said in a release. China's trade balance returned to a surplus in March, helped by renewed strength in exports after a surprise deficit in February. The balance between exports and imports came to a surplus of $23.93 billion in March, compared with a deficit of $9.15 billion in February, the General Administration of Customs said. Exports rose 16.4% in March from a year earlier, following a 1.3% drop in February. Imports continued to expand rapidly, growing 20.3% in March compared with February's 38.1% increase. US stocks closed modestly lower yesterday, 12 April 2017 led by industrial and materials companies on another day of subdued trading ahead of the long Easter holiday weekend. Meanwhile, US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson met with the Russian counterpart Sergei Lavrov to discuss the civil war in Syria and nuclear capabilities of North Korea. In recent days, the trading mood has been dented by heightened geopolitical tensions. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Market Report News | Aurobindo Pharma | Glenmark Pharma | Bse | Nifty | Sensex | News-cm | Market Report PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Book an amazing Aussie holiday now! Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Enhance Your Negotiation Skills with MIT Faculty. FREE* Lifetime Demat Account. Premium SMS Advisory Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day Lavish 3 & 4 BHK in Khar, Mumbai @ 6.9 Cr* Onwards Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Go Cashless, buy Health Insurance Online Luxury 3 & 4 BHK in BKC, Mumbai @ 6.4 Cr* Onwards Learn Negotiation Strategies and Tactics from MIT New to investing in shares? FREE* Demat Account & Flat 20% Off on Brokerage. New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Pharma stocks buck weak trend Key benchmark indices remained weak with moderate losses in mid-afternoon trade. At 14:20 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was down 115.92 points or 0.39% at 29,527.56. The Nifty 50 index was down 23.85 points or 0.26% at 9,175.20. Key benchmark indices remained weak with moderate losses in mid-afternoon trade. At 14:20 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was down 115.92 points or 0.39% at 29,527.56. The Nifty 50 index was down 23.85 points or 0.26% at 9,175.20. Sentiment was subdued after domestic data showed that industrial production contracted in February and consumer price inflation edged up in March. Weak global cues also weighed on market sentiment. Key indices had extended losses in afternoon trade after hovering within a narrow range in negative terrain till early afternoon trade. The BSE Mid-Cap index was up 0.22%. The BSE Small-Cap index was up 0.51%. Both these indices outperformed the Sensex. The breadth, indicating the overall health of the market, was positive. On the BSE, 1,481 shares rose and 1,289 shares fell. A total of 156 shares were unchanged. FMCG stocks were mixed. Tata Global Beverages (down 0.1%), Marico (down 0.84%), Britannia Industries (down 0.54%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care (down 0.84%), Dabur India (down 0.07%), Colgate Palmolive India (down 0.58%), and Nestle India (down 1.29%) gained. Hindustan Unilever (HUL) (up 0.1%), GlaxoSmithkline Consumer Healthcare (up 0.15%), Jyothy Laboratories (up 3.23%), Bajaj Corp (up 2.47%) and Godrej Consumer Products (up 0.39%) gained. Pharma stocks bucked weak trend. Sun Pharmaceutical Industries (up 2.07%), Aurobindo Pharma (up 0.02%), Lupin (up 0.57%), Wockhardt (up 0.41%), Dr Reddy's Laboratories (up 0.56%), Divi's Laboratories (up 0.23%), and Glenmark Pharmaceuticals (up 0.19%) gained. Cipla (down 0.06%) and Cadila Healthcare (down 0.31%) declined. IOL Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals was locked at 10% upper circuit at Rs 66.30 after the company announced it received EUGMP Certification from National Institute of Pharmacy and Nutrition, Hungary, for its product Ibuprofen, Lamotrigine, Metformin Hydrochloride confirming compliance with principals of Good Manufacturing Practices as provided by European Union Legislation. This will facilitate the company to expand its product portfolio in the European market, IOL Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals said. The announcement was made after market hours yesterday, 12 April 2017. Kamdhenu rose 0.57% after the company said that a meeting of the board of directors of the company is scheduled to be held on Thursday, 20 April 2017, to consider issue of warrants convertible into equity shares on preferential/ private placement basis. The announcement was made after market hours yesterday, 12 April 2017. On macroeconomic data front, industrial production declined 1.2% in February 2017 over February 2016, snapping 3.3% growth recorded in January 2017. The manufacturing sector's production dipped 2% in February 2017, mainly contributing to the dip in industrial production. The inflation based on consumer price index (CPI) increased to 3.81% in March 2017 (new base 2012=100), compared with 3.65% in February 2017. The corresponding provisional inflation rate for rural area was 3.75% and urban area 3.88% in March 2017 as against 3.67% and 3.55% in February 2017. The core CPI inflation rose marginally to 4.79% in March 2017 from 4.75% in February 2017. The CPI and IIP data was announced after market hours yesterday, 12 April 2017. Overseas, European stocks edged lower as investors digested US President Donald Trump's comments that he would prefer the Federal Reserve to keep interest rates low and suggested the dollar is too strong. Meanwhile, Germany's inflation rate dropped notably in March, as expected, because of easing increases of energy and food prices. The annual inflation rate, measured by harmonized European Union standards, fell to 1.5% after hitting a 4 1/2-year high of 2.2% in February, the statistics office said. Asian stocks were mixed. China's exports rose 14.8% in the first quarter from a year earlier in yuan terms, extending an 11% increase in the first two months, official data showed. Imports in the January to March period increased 31.1% in yuan terms from a year earlier, compared with a 34.2% rise in the first two months, the General Administration of Customs said in a release. China's trade balance returned to a surplus in March, helped by renewed strength in exports after a surprise deficit in February. The balance between exports and imports came to a surplus of $23.93 billion in March, compared with a deficit of $9.15 billion in February, the General Administration of Customs said. Exports rose 16.4% in March from a year earlier, following a 1.3% drop in February. Imports continued to expand rapidly, growing 20.3% in March compared with February's 38.1% increase. US stocks closed modestly lower yesterday, 12 April 2017 led by industrial and materials companies on another day of subdued trading ahead of the long Easter holiday weekend. Meanwhile, US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson met with the Russian counterpart Sergei Lavrov to discuss the civil war in Syria and nuclear capabilities of North Korea. In recent days, the trading mood has been dented by heightened geopolitical tensions. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Pharma stocks buck weak trend Key benchmark indices remained weak with moderate losses in mid-afternoon trade. At 14:20 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was down 115.92 points or 0.39% at 29,527.56. The Nifty 50 index was down 23.85 points or 0.26% at 9,175.20. Sentiment was subdued after domestic data showed that industrial production contracted in February and consumer price inflation edged up in March. Weak global cues also weighed on market sentiment. Key indices had extended losses in afternoon trade after hovering within a narrow range in negative terrain till early afternoon trade. The BSE Mid-Cap index was up 0.22%. The BSE Small-Cap index was up 0.51%. Both these indices outperformed the Sensex. The breadth, indicating the overall health of the market, was positive. On the BSE, 1,481 shares rose and 1,289 shares fell. A total of 156 shares were unchanged. FMCG stocks were mixed. Tata Global Beverages (down 0.1%), Marico (down 0.84%), Britannia Industries (down 0.54%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care (down 0.84%), Dabur India (down 0.07%), Colgate Palmolive India (down 0.58%), and Nestle India (down 1.29%) gained. Hindustan Unilever (HUL) (up 0.1%), GlaxoSmithkline Consumer Healthcare (up 0.15%), Jyothy Laboratories (up 3.23%), Bajaj Corp (up 2.47%) and Godrej Consumer Products (up 0.39%) gained. Pharma stocks bucked weak trend. Sun Pharmaceutical Industries (up 2.07%), Aurobindo Pharma (up 0.02%), Lupin (up 0.57%), Wockhardt (up 0.41%), Dr Reddy's Laboratories (up 0.56%), Divi's Laboratories (up 0.23%), and Glenmark Pharmaceuticals (up 0.19%) gained. Cipla (down 0.06%) and Cadila Healthcare (down 0.31%) declined. IOL Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals was locked at 10% upper circuit at Rs 66.30 after the company announced it received EUGMP Certification from National Institute of Pharmacy and Nutrition, Hungary, for its product Ibuprofen, Lamotrigine, Metformin Hydrochloride confirming compliance with principals of Good Manufacturing Practices as provided by European Union Legislation. This will facilitate the company to expand its product portfolio in the European market, IOL Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals said. The announcement was made after market hours yesterday, 12 April 2017. Kamdhenu rose 0.57% after the company said that a meeting of the board of directors of the company is scheduled to be held on Thursday, 20 April 2017, to consider issue of warrants convertible into equity shares on preferential/ private placement basis. The announcement was made after market hours yesterday, 12 April 2017. On macroeconomic data front, industrial production declined 1.2% in February 2017 over February 2016, snapping 3.3% growth recorded in January 2017. The manufacturing sector's production dipped 2% in February 2017, mainly contributing to the dip in industrial production. The inflation based on consumer price index (CPI) increased to 3.81% in March 2017 (new base 2012=100), compared with 3.65% in February 2017. The corresponding provisional inflation rate for rural area was 3.75% and urban area 3.88% in March 2017 as against 3.67% and 3.55% in February 2017. The core CPI inflation rose marginally to 4.79% in March 2017 from 4.75% in February 2017. The CPI and IIP data was announced after market hours yesterday, 12 April 2017. Overseas, European stocks edged lower as investors digested US President Donald Trump's comments that he would prefer the Federal Reserve to keep interest rates low and suggested the dollar is too strong. Meanwhile, Germany's inflation rate dropped notably in March, as expected, because of easing increases of energy and food prices. The annual inflation rate, measured by harmonized European Union standards, fell to 1.5% after hitting a 4 1/2-year high of 2.2% in February, the statistics office said. Asian stocks were mixed. China's exports rose 14.8% in the first quarter from a year earlier in yuan terms, extending an 11% increase in the first two months, official data showed. Imports in the January to March period increased 31.1% in yuan terms from a year earlier, compared with a 34.2% rise in the first two months, the General Administration of Customs said in a release. China's trade balance returned to a surplus in March, helped by renewed strength in exports after a surprise deficit in February. The balance between exports and imports came to a surplus of $23.93 billion in March, compared with a deficit of $9.15 billion in February, the General Administration of Customs said. Exports rose 16.4% in March from a year earlier, following a 1.3% drop in February. Imports continued to expand rapidly, growing 20.3% in March compared with February's 38.1% increase. US stocks closed modestly lower yesterday, 12 April 2017 led by industrial and materials companies on another day of subdued trading ahead of the long Easter holiday weekend. Meanwhile, US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson met with the Russian counterpart Sergei Lavrov to discuss the civil war in Syria and nuclear capabilities of North Korea. In recent days, the trading mood has been dented by heightened geopolitical tensions. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 67° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Cloudy skies during the morning hours followed by scattered showers and thunderstorms in the afternoon. High 79F. Winds S at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 60%.. Tonight Partly cloudy. Low 62F. Winds S at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: April 14, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell CARDS BLUES MU FORUMS CHATS PREPS GOLF Sports Oklahoma tries to defend gymnastic title at Chaifetz By Stu Durando St. Louis Post-Dispatch Stu Durando 1 hr ago (…) The parade of women’s gymnastics national team champions from the Southeastern Conference has been interrupted only briefly since 2005. Last year was one of those times, when Oklahoma halted the most recent championship run by an SEC team. To win consecutive titles, the Sooners are going to have to beat another strong field of contenders from a conference that has produced the champion 19 of the last 30 seasons. The SEC will have four representatives among the 12 teams competing at Chaifetz Arena on Friday and Saturday in the women’s gymnastics championships. “It’s always something that we’re asked: ‘Are you planning to defend your national championship?’” Oklahoma coach K.J. Kindler said. “We always tell our team, ‘You’re a new team. You’re a different team. You have different dynamics. You have to create your own story.’ Our seniors have been amazing in this story, doing a phenomenal job of leading the team to an undefeated season, which is so hard to do.” While Oklahoma is the No. 1 seed and favorite, No. 2 LSU and No. 3 Florida are among the top threats to regain the top spot for their conference. Alabama and Georgia are also in the field. Those four programs have combined to make 127 appearances in the national championships and 61 in the Super Six, which is the final group that will compete for the team championship Saturday night. They also have won 19 national championships. The teams are split into two semifinals Friday with the top three from each group moving onto the Super Six. The Pac-12 also has four teams in the field, including No. 4 Utah, which won its third conference championship in four years. The most recent Pac-12 team to win the national title was UCLA in 2010. In the semifinals, Oklahoma will be grouped with Utah, UCLA, Oregon State, Denver and Washington at noon. LSU will compete against Florida, Alabama, Michigan, Georgia and Nebraska at 7 p.m. “The first night is going to be intense,” Alabama coach Dana Duckworth said. “We’re in a session with four SEC teams. ... We have our work cut out for us.” Oklahoma is pursuing an undefeated season that has seen the Sooners beat 13 nationally ranked opponents, including LSU, Alabama and Georgia. The roster includes Brenna Dowell, who competed in the P&G Championships at Chaifetz last June, and freshman phenom Maggie Nichols, a first-team All-American in all four individual events and all-around. When the Sooners won the outright title last season, they stopped a run of three consecutive Florida championships (one was a tie with Oklahoma) from 2013-15. Alabama won in 2011 and ’12, and Georgia put together a run from 2005-09. The SEC has not only won most of the championships but has produced the runner-up 15 times since 1990. An individual from the league has won the all-around championship five consecutive years and 19 times in the last three decades. SEC champ Alex McMurtry of Florida will be among the favorites this weekend. LSU is the only SEC team in the field that has not won a national championship and suffered its only loss to Oklahoma. “We had a great SEC championship and our run through the SEC season was fabulous,” LSU coach D-D Breaux said. “You never want adversity but when you have it, if the team can deal with it and not let it bog them down, it’s the sign of a very mature team. You’re only as good as your next performance and our next performance is a preliminary round with six really good teams. LSU, I think, is the best team in that heat.” All eight SEC gymnastics programs competed in the regionals with a chance to reach St. Louis. Mizzou ended the season ranked No. 15 but was grouped in a regional with Florida and Georgia and finished third, learning a tough lesson about life in the SEC. NCAA women’s gymnastics championships Where • Chaifetz Arena When • Friday and Saturday Time • Semifinals on Friday at noon and 7 p.m.; Super Six on Saturday at 8 p.m. Tickets • Friday $18-$25; Saturday $20-$28 at Ticketmaster.com or Chaifetz box office. Tags Sport Team Lsu Oklahoma Championship Stu Durando Stu Durando is the SLU beat writer for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. Follow Stu Durando Close Get email notifications on Stu Durando daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Stu Durando posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Stu Durando Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today View (…) comments Most popular St. Louis suing NFL over Rams' relocation Blake Harris shocked by campus reaction on Mizzou visit BenFred: Opening week raises questions about Cards' readiness Cardinals' DeWitt is MLB's 'most powerful' owner, says USA Today Fox threatens to pull FSM from Charter TV lineup Quick links Ben Frederickson Benjamin Hochman Jeff Gordon Jose de Jesus Ortiz Media Views Sports forums Latest Oklahoma tries to defend gymnastic title at Chaifetz FISHING REPORT NBA playoff openers include Harden-Westbrook battle Friday’s sports on the air Sports digest: Steelers exec, NFL power broker Rooney dies Winning submissions will be featured in a special section in the Post-Dispatch on May 7. Have that super-smokin’ bond with your GRILL-friend? Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.

About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Worldwide Skincare Market 2016 Trend, Analysis and Overview ReportsWeb.com published Skincare Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, April 13, 2017 ) Skin care products are used to prevent the early onset of symptoms of aging, acne, wrinkles, dry skin, dark spots, and blemishes. These products primarily include face creams and body lotions. Face creams are further segmented on the basis of function such as anti-aging, sun protection, and skin brightening products. Publisher's analysts forecast the global skin care products market to grow at a CAGR of 4.91% during the period 2016-2020. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-skincare-market-2016-2020 Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global skin care products market for 2016-2020. To calculate the market size, it considers the revenue generated through the retail sales of face creams and body lotions. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: - Americas - APAC - Europe - ROW Publisher's report, Global Skin Care Products Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors - Avon Products - Beiersdorf - EstÃ©e Lauder - L'OrÃ©al - P&G - Unilever Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001291760/sample Other prominent vendors - AmorePacific - Amway - Aveda - BABOR - Bioderma Laboratory - Clarins - DS Healthcare Group - Lotus Herbals - Mary Kay - Missha - Nature Republic - NeoStrata - Oriflame - Rachel K Cosmetics - Revlon - Skin Good - Skinvisible - Shiseido - Thalgo Market driver - Demand for natural and organic products - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge - Product packaging and labeling regulations - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend - High demand for UV absorbers - For a full, detailed list, view our report Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001291760/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Worldwide Hair Dryer Market by Region, Type, Application and Forecast To 2021 Hair Dryer research report provides the newest industry data and industry future trends, allowing you to identify the products and end users driving Revenue growth and profitability.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, April 13, 2017 ) Publisher's Hair Dryer market research report provides the newest industry data and industry future trends, allowing you to identify the products and end users driving Revenue growth and profitability. The industry report lists the leading competitors and provides the insights strategic industry Analysis of the key factors influencing the market. The report includes the forecasts, Analysis and discussion of important industry trends, market size, market share estimates and profiles of the leading industry Players. Global Hair Dryer Market: Product Segment Analysis 550W 850W 1000W 1200W Others Global Hair Dryer Market: Application Segment Analysis Barbershop Household Laboratory Regimen places Industry For More Information About This Report: http://www.reportsweb.com/world-hair-dryer-market-forecast-to-2021 Global Hair Dryer Market: Regional Segment Analysis USA Europe Japan China India South East Asia The Players mentioned in our report Panasonic Kangfu Flyco Superman Group P&G SANYO Conair Revlon Spectrum Brands Philips GHD Povos Braun Riwa WIK TESCOM Request Sample Copy At: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001715045/sample Table of Content Chapter 1 About the Hair Dryer Industry Chapter 2 World Market Competition Landscape Chapter 3 World Hair Dryer Market share Chapter 4 Supply Chain Analysis Chapter 5 Company Profiles Chapter 6 Globalization & Trade Chapter 7 Distributors and Customers Chapter 8 Import, Export, Consumption and Consumption Value by Major Countries Chapter 9 World Hair Dryer Market forecast through 2021 Chapter 10 Key success factors and Market Overview Inquire For This Report At: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001715045/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Adweek Network TVNewser TVSpy AgencySpy Fishbowl Social Pro Daily Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media Search Search Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Network TVNewser TVSpy AgencySpy Fishbowl Social Pro Daily More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2017 Adweek All Rights Reserved Former TBWA\Chiat\Day New York ECD Adam Wohl Heads to Sterling-Rice Group Advertisement NEXT:Ogilvy's Promotional Blitz Continues with 3 New U.S. Leadership Roles PREVIOUS:Anomaly Celebrates a New MLB Season (Sorry, No Baseball Cat) Revolving Door Former TBWA\Chiat\Day New York ECD Adam Wohl Heads to Sterling-Rice Group By Patrick Coffee on Apr. 13, 2017 - 11:57 AMComment Boulder’s Sterling-Rice Group has hired creative veteran Adam Wohl away from TBWA New York. In the new role, he will serve as executive creative director overseeing the agency’s work, “which spans advertising, digital, and integrated marketing.” Wohl joined TBWA\Chiat\Day just under two years ago as global ECD, later leading the New York office’s successful GoDaddy pitch and—according to today’s release—its creative campaigns for Michelin and BNY Mellon. He also got top creative billing on the “cats wearing hats” GoDaddy campaign before that business went to Bullish. This is the second recent hiring announcement for the indie agency, which focuses on food and names Sbarro, Qdoba, Annie’s and The California Almond Board among its clients. In February, SRG promoted veteran Cindy Judge to the role of president. “For more than a decade, Adam has been a creative force behind many of the world’s most recognizable and relevant brands,” said Judge about the new hire. “He has a gift for creating work that impresses award judges and, importantly, drives clients’ bottomlines. With Adam on board we are even better prepared to deliver breakthrough campaigns for our clients, no matter the challenge and wherever they do business.” Prior to his stint at TBWA, Wohl was ECD at mcgarrybowen working on P&G, Marriott and the always awesome United Airlines. He also spent time as a GCD at Cheil after co-founding New York’s MIR. Perhaps most famously, he responded to Sears’ demand for ownership of all agency pitches by trolling a customer service rep. “I feel as lucky as I do excited about being a part of the future of SRG,” said Wohl, who told us that he left TBWA, in part, to escape that neurotic New York life. “The potential of the agency’s success is incredible, and the spirit and strength of the employees and the culture created as a result speaks for itself.” SRG’s last executive creative director was Jeff Curry, who spent more than 15 years with the agency before leaving at some point last year and launching his own practice in the Boulder area. CEO Walter Freese, who previously served as chief executive at both Stonyfield and Ben & Jerry’s according to his LinkedIn page, also left earlier this year; he’s now CEO at Denver-based beef company Teton Waters Ranch. < Previous Article Next Article > Advertisement Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Advertisement Get AgencySpy delivered straight to your inbox Receive the Morning Media Newsfeed Receive news and offers from our friends and sponsors Thank you for subscribing. Please check your email to confirm An error has occurred, please try again later Please enter a valid email address Please confirm with the Recaptcha Recaptcha response was incorrect This email address is already subscribed to the selected list(s). You have been opted out of all Adweek Network Newsletters. Send an anonymous tip Advertisement Featured Jobs Sales Representative W-2 Register Tape Network, RTN Texarkana, TX Sales Representative W-2 Register Tape Network, RTN Roanoke, VA Sales Representative W-2 Register Tape Network, RTN Winston Salem, NC Sales Representative W-2 Register Tape Network, RTN Rochester, NY Awards, Honors & Events Intern Adweek New York City, New York (US) See more Jobs » Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Featured Courses Search Marketing Optimize your website through SEO, social media, and digital outreach Learn more >   Facebook Marketing Get smart about how to use Facebook for business Learn more >   Copywriting for Social Media Maximize your clicks, shares, retweets, and pin Learn more >   Skills in 60: How to Name Your Brand or Product Develop a unique name for any brand, product, or business Learn more >   See more Courses > Advertisement Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Advertisement Adweek Network Adweek Network TVNewser TVSpy AgencySpy Fishbowl Social Pro Daily About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2017 Adweek All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Network TVNewser TVSpy AgencySpy Fishbowl Social Pro Daily More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com
Toggle navigation Menu Subscribers Log In Sections Close Menu Wealth Creation Investing Retirement Taxes Your Money Your Business Magazine Contents See All Special Reports Tools Slide Shows Quizzes Videos Columns Basics of Personal Finance Economic Outlooks Follow Kiplinger Customer Service/Contact Us Media Relations Magazine Reprints and Permissions Photocopying and Electronic Distribution Permissions Advertise with Us Partnerships and Syndication About Us Employment Opportunities Privacy Policy Terms of Service Millennium Copyright Act Site Map RSS Give a Gift Kiplinger's Personal Finance Magazine New: Kiplinger Alerts The Kiplinger Letter The Kiplinger Tax Letter Kiplinger's Retirement Report Kiplinger's Investing For Income Kiplinger's Annual Retirement Planning Guide Kiplinger's Boomer's Guide to Social Security Webinars More Kiplinger Products 1100 13th Street, NW, Suite 750 Washington, DC 20005 202.887.6400 Toll-free: 800.544.0155 All Contents © 2017 The Kiplinger Washington Editors Search Close Store Log in Search Close Toggle navigation Menu Subscribers Sections Close Menu Wealth Creation Investing Retirement Taxes Your Money Your Business Magazine Contents See All Special Reports Tools Slide Shows Quizzes Videos Columns Basics of Personal Finance Economic Outlooks Follow Kiplinger Customer Service/Contact Us Media Relations Magazine Reprints and Permissions Photocopying and Electronic Distribution Permissions Advertise with Us Partnerships and Syndication About Us Employment Opportunities Privacy Policy Terms of Service Millennium Copyright Act Site Map RSS Give a Gift Kiplinger's Personal Finance Magazine New: Kiplinger Alerts The Kiplinger Letter The Kiplinger Tax Letter Kiplinger's Retirement Report Kiplinger's Investing For Income Kiplinger's Annual Retirement Planning Guide Kiplinger's Boomer's Guide to Social Security Webinars More Kiplinger Products 1100 13th Street, NW, Suite 750 Washington, DC 20005 202.887.6400 Toll-free: 800.544.0155 All Contents © 2017 The Kiplinger Washington Editors Search Close Get A Portfolio That Pays with Dividend Investing Store Log in TAXES Tax Tips for Procrastinators SLIDE SHOW 5 Good Dividend Stocks Owned by Bill Gates SLIDE SHOW 13 Ways to Simplify Your Finances TOOL Retirement Savings Calculator Advertisement SMART INSIGHTS FROM PROFESSIONAL ADVISERS Get A Portfolio That Pays You During Retirement with Dividend Investing When it's time to start pulling money out of your retirement savings, it's nice to know that dividends are pumping it back in. But you've got to be careful when picking which dividend payers to rely upon. iStockphoto By Jared M. Elson, Investment Adviser | Regent Wealth Management April 2017 Contact Me If you’re like most people, you’ve spent much of your adult life working and, if you’re smart, saving some of the money you made and investing it. SEE ALSO: 25 Dividend Stocks You Can Buy and Hold Forever During this “accumulation phase,” you built wealth and resources to provide an income source for yourself in retirement. You watched your portfolio grow, but you didn’t tap into it. But now a change is coming. You’re retiring. And while you want your portfolio to keep providing returns, you also want it to give you income to use for your day-to-day expenses and to live the lifestyle you dreamed of. If you’re working with an adviser, he’s probably talked to you about this “distribution phase” and has been helping you prepare for it. Advertisement Much of that conversation should have been about moving to a safer investment strategy to protect the money you worked so hard to save. Why dividends are attractive to retirees If you haven’t already, it’s a good time to think about dividend investing as a part of that plan — building a collection of solid stocks with dividend yields that generate money throughout the year. If you own stock, you know it goes up and down on a daily basis. The price changes to whatever somebody is willing to pay for it at the time; you hope it will continue to go up, but that’s not always the case. But if it’s a company that pays dividends, it also will pay you cash that can be deposited into your brokerage or bank account. You get paid for owning that stock. Advertisement At a time when you’re looking for safety and security from your portfolio, dividend-paying stocks can be a good investment. Dividend payers historically outperform other investments over the long haul, with quite a bit less volatility. And it’s nice to know that if you need to take a 4% withdrawal from your portfolio, 3% or 4% will come from dividends, so you don’t have to put all your hope in that ever-changing market. You know your portfolio is going to pay you for owning it. What to watch out for Still, you have to be careful when shopping for dividend-paying stocks. You can’t just pick stocks that pay high dividends. Do a little homework. Is the company healthy? Is it profitable? There are companies out there that pay high dividend rates, but they are losing money. The money they’re using to pay those dividends might be coming from borrowed funds, and when a company isn’t healthy financially and still pays a high dividend, you risk watching that stock go down to a point where it might not recover or, at best, it recovers slowly. Companies with a history of paying dividends consistently, and increasing their dividends, are usually household names, such as Coca-Cola (KO), Pepsi (PEP ), General Mills (GIS) and Procter & Gamble (PG ). Financial companies often increase their dividends, as do health care companies. If you don’t want to pick individual stocks, you can choose a dividend growth mutual fund or a dividend growth exchange-traded fund (ETF). Your adviser can help you or do it for you. Advertisement Follow a long-term game plan The idea with dividend investing is to not over manage. Plan to stick with that stock for a long while (unless something really catastrophic happens, or there’s a change of course within the company). You don’t want 100% of your investments to be dividend payers, but there should be a good portion of your portfolio that pays you for owning it. Even if you’re not in the distribution phase yet, it can make sense to have some dividend payers in your portfolio, because then you have the miracle of compound interest: You can take those dividends and reinvest them. But especially when you’re in the income phase of the investment life cycle, when it’s all about cash flow, having dividend payers in your portfolio makes it easier to achieve success. See Also: Double Bubble? Investors Beware of Rising Stocks and Bonds Any comments regarding safe and secure investments, and guaranteed income streams refer only to fixed insurance products. They do not refer, in any way, to securities or investment advisory products. Fixed Insurance and annuity product guarantees are subject to the claims-paying ability of the issuing company and are not offered by Global Financial Private Capital. Advertisement This material is for informational purposes only. It is not intended to provide tax, accounting or legal advice or to serve as the basis for any financial decisions. Individuals are advised to consult with their own accountant and/or attorney regarding all tax, accounting and legal matters. Investment Advisory Services offered on a fee basis through Global Financial Private Capital, LLC, an SEC Registered Investment Adviser. Jared M. Elson is a partner at Regent Wealth Management. Jared is a Series 65 licensed Investment Adviser Representative (IAR) as well as a licensed life and health agent. He shares his investing strategies as a frequent contributor to TV news programs, books and magazines, and on the "Retirement Symphony" radio show. Comments are suppressed in compliance with industry guidelines. Our authors value your feedback. To share your thoughts on this column directly with the author, click here. This article was written by and presents the views of our contributing adviser, not the Kiplinger editorial staff. You can check adviser records with the SEC or with FINRA. Advertisement Market Update Rate Info Advertisement Follow Kiplinger 1100 13th Street, NW, Suite 750 Washington, DC 20005 202.887.6400 Toll-free: 800.544.0155 Customer Service/Contact Us Media Relations Magazine Reprints and Permissions Photocopying and Electronic Distribution Permissions Advertise with Us Partnerships and Syndication About Us Employment Opportunities Privacy Policy Terms of Service Millennium Copyright Act Site Map RSS All Contents © 2017, The Kiplinger Washington Editors Please select your role. Financial Adviser or Professional Investor Just Interested Secure Access
News Business Counties Sports Blogs & Opinion Life and Style Videos News Politics Africa World Latest News Meticulous minister felled by Anglo Leasing scandal US doctor faces life in jail for FGM Destination Kenya gains ground Pass gender Bill, Uhuru tells lawmakers Business Corporates Enterprise Technology Seeds of Gold Latest Business M-Akiba resumes trading at the NSE Bloomberg to offer global firms Kenyan intelligence Michael Joseph appointed to board of SA fintech company Central Bank to recruit more inspection employees Counties Coast Eastern Mount Kenya Northern North Rift South Rift Nyanza-Kisii Western Latest Counties Kisumu residents to pay more for water Busia tense as ODM results delayed - LIVE Boni elders accuse State of discrimination Lack of tutors hurting adult education in Kwale Sports Football Athletics Rugby Golf Others TalkUp Latest Sports We must overcome bus attack: Tuchel IAAF 'disappointed' by Russian doping efforts Dendoncker strikes late to deny United Berlusconi wants success for new Milan owners Blogs & Opinion Blogs Commentaries Editorial Cartoons Latest Blogs & Opinion KUNYANGA: Mechanised tea harvesting the best bet MATHIU: Tragedy of leaders who are so cheap they’ll lie, cheat and MWAURA: Questions to ask yourself before writing an article for KIRAITHE: No route to university with D-Minus Life and Style Art & Culture Family Health Showbiz Travel Women & Style Magazines Latest Life and Style Nyeri’s serves up Pilau Njeri as chips exit the menu ASK HR: Are you sure your employer fired you for no reason? ASK HR: I panic when I am expected to speak in public ASK HR: The law is on your side, your employer has a case to answer Videos = Home Life and Style myNetwork IN retrospect, maybe we should have expanded slowly Thursday April 13 2017 email print Trushar Khetia is the CEO of Tria Group and Society Stores chain of supermarkets. PHOTO | COURTESY  In Summary I enjoyed being a student. Life was sweet and simple: there was freedom, fascinating interactions with people from different countries and fun tours across the UK. After graduating in 2008, I had the easy option of joining the family business in Kitale, but took up a job as the Customer Business Development Manager at Procter & Gamble in the UK. I was only 24 then. This job offered me the best opportunity one could desire in their career. Starting a business from the ground up is sometimes an upsetting experience. Most of our Society Stores have been takeovers where we have bought a shop that was on sale and rebranded it, this way, you don’t struggle much trying to get customers. It is a method young investors could work with.  Advertisement By JAMES KAHONGEH More by this Author You studied at the Manchester Business School in the UK. What was the experience like for you in a foreign country? I was 17 when I travelled to the UK in 2004. Life here is extremely fast-paced, such that culture shock threw me completely off-balance. I had no choice but to adjust quickly because this would be my home for four years.  It was during my time here that I realised that it is the experience in college as opposed to academics that moulds you into who or what you eventually become. I also met people from diverse backgrounds from across the world who had stimulating ideas about investment and creation of wealth, who greatly inspired me. If it were possible to reverse the clock, what episode of your life would you wish to relive? I enjoyed being a student. Life was sweet and simple: there was freedom, fascinating interactions with people from different countries and fun tours across the UK. I love Manchester United, and would attend matches at their Old Trafford turf in Manchester. I was also a part-time DJ in university. These are unforgettable moments.  Did you have any work experience in the UK? After graduating in 2008, I had the easy option of joining the family business in Kitale, but took up a job as the Customer Business Development Manager at Procter & Gamble in the UK. I was only 24 then. This job offered me the best opportunity one could desire in their career. I met and interacted with brilliant professionals, all who sparked in me a strong desire to work at the corporate level, to build a company, a culture and a legacy, a business that was beyond me. I worked at P&G for three years, from 2008 to 2011.  You turned your back on a successful family business to go it alone, was this not a risky move? When I returned to Kenya in mid-2011, I joined the family business as a senior finance officer. I initiated an overhaul of business culture, which instilled financial integrity, growing the business by 25 percent in one year. I felt, however, that my position denied me independence to manoeuvre as much as I desired, curtailing my growth and ambition. I spoke with my father about my intention to quit, to which he had no objection. The initial months in business must have been hostile… There are fundamental challenges with which every new investment must come head on. However much insights you receive as an entrepreneur, they cannot help until you experience the setbacks yourself. Starting a business from the ground up is sometimes an upsetting experience. Most of our Society Stores have been takeovers where we have bought a shop that was on sale and rebranded it, this way, you don’t struggle much trying to get customers. It is a method young investors could work with.  You have extended your investment tentacles to the neighbouring Tanzania. How different are Tanzanian consumers from their Kenyan counterparts? The Tanzanian market is tough to crack. To flourish in Tanzania, you must invest in project-based enterprises, and even so, work closely with strong local brands. It is a rich market, but one that requires a great deal of patience. Kenyans on the other hand are extremely smart and very demanding. Kenyan buyers do not only consider the pricing, but also the holistic ability of the product to satisfy their needs, such as the display, packaging, efficiency of delivery and the service that accompanies the product.  When did you make your first million shillings? Can you recall the feeling? The first contract we signed with Unilever, Kenafric and Coca Cola, had a combined worth of Sh7 million. It was the sweetest feeling, which meant that our business had received positive acceptance in the market. We knew we had got off to an explosive start.  Are there investment decisions that you regret, and would have wanted to approach differently? They are more of reflections than regrets. When we started our supermarket business in October 2014, we had 60 employees. Now, we have over 500 workers in our more than eight supermarket branches spread across the country. This fast growth has come at a huge price; relationships have been sacrificed, there is less time with family and of course, a huge capital investment. Perhaps it would have been wiser to expand at a slower pace.   Being the CEO of Tria Group definitely places massive responsibilities on your shoulders. How do you unwind? Unlike before, I no longer have the luxury of time. With several businesses to oversee, and with hundreds of employees under my wing, my life has dramatically changed. But I value quality time spent with family, so I switch off from all matters work on Sunday to be with them. I also spare two hours for exercise. I love music, hip hop being my favourite genre. I love reading - I am currently reading Alastair Campbell’s, Winners and how they succeed. Having been a judge on Blaze BYOB Season One, what striking values about young Kenyans did you learn, with a particular focus on their willingness to invest? There is nothing that excites me more than the zeal for economic transformation that young Kenyans possess. As a judge on this platform, I had close contact with ambitious youth, interactions which revealed to me just how much we have failed to utilise the amazing business concepts, incredible potential and stunning technological innovations that we have. We urgently need a support system where such ideas are tapped into and woven into the fabric of our economic policies. email print In the headlines Busia tense as ODM results delayed - LIVE Governor aspirant Otuoma's agents ejected from the tallying hall by anti-riot police. Destination Kenya gains ground Country remains one of Africa’s competitive tourist economies, a report says. Meticulous minister felled by Anglo Leasing scandal US doctor faces life in jail for FGM Sh21b to boost health in counties Police set for salary rise on July 1 Pass gender Bill, Uhuru tells lawmakers US drops 'mother of all bombs' in Afghanistan Latest: Life and Style Travel and Leisure Nyeri’s serves up Pilau Njeri as chips exit the menu   myNetwork ASK HR: Are you sure your employer fired you for no reason?   myNetwork ASK HR: I panic when I am expected to speak in public   myNetwork ASK HR: The law is on your side, your employer has a case to answer   myNetwork TAKE 5: Brian Babu   myNetwork Have you found your calling yet?   LATEST NTV VIDEOS St Anthony Kitale to play Kisumu in boys’ hockey semifinal Marsabit fighting: Five killed in clashes between Borana and Gabbra Tea prices: Auction prices stagnate for second consecutive week NLC launches guidelines on land use at Nandi forum Ex-Chase Bank directors stopped from transferring, selling assets Watch More Videos Contact Us FAQ E-papers About Us Business Daily Daily Monitor Nairobi News NTV The Citizen The EastAfrican
ABOUT / TODAY IN HISTORY / DAYTIME / CASTING NEWS / SPOILERS / PRIMETIME / WEB SERIES / NOVELAS / POLL / RATINGS / FLASHBACK The Bold and the Beautiful / Days of our Lives / General Hospital / The Young and the Restless Today in Soap Opera History (April 12) Posted by Roger Newcomb 1967: Dark Shadows' Jason asked patience from Willie. 1979: Guiding Light's Rita had a nightmare about Roger. 1985: As the World Turns' Bob and Kim were married. 1994: Another World's Carl planned on proposing to Rachel. "All true histories contain instruction; though, in some, the treasure may be hard to find, and when found, so trivial in quantity that the dry, shrivelled kernel scarcely compensates for the trouble of cracking the nut." ― Anne Brontë in "Agnes Grey" "Today in Soap Opera History" is a collection of the most memorable, interesting and influential events in the history of scripted, serialized programs. From birthdays and anniversaries to scandals and controversies, every day this column celebrates the soap opera in American culture. On this date in... 1967: On Dark Shadows, Jason McGuire (Dennis Patrick) implored Willie Loomis (John Karlen) to wait on getting revenge against Burke Devlin (Mitchell Ryan) until after they got their money. 1979: On Guiding Light, Rita Bauer (Lenore Kasdorf) had a nightmare about Roger Thorpe (Michael Zaslow), a foreshadowing of their iconic Hall of Mirrors scene that would take place less than 10 months later. Thanks to Jennifer for sending in the clip above. 1982: On General Hospital, Rick (Chris Robinson) tried to help Lesley (Denise Alexander), who didn't want to accept that Laura was gone. 1984: On The Edge of Night, Raven Whitney (Sharon Gabet) had a dream about Logan Swift (Tom Tammi). 1985: On As the World Turns, Dr. Bob Hughes (Don Hastings) married his true love, Kim Andropolous. This is the episode Kim (Kathryn Hays) finally met Bob's sister, Penny (Rosemary Prinz). 1991: On Guiding Light, Ross (Jerry verDorn) encouraged Peter Jessup to leave his grandson, Hart, in Ireland after their trip. Thanks to Jennifer for sending in the item above. 1994: On Another World, Iris Wheeler (Carmen Duncan) ruined the mood when Carl Hutchins (Charles Keating) tried to propose to Rachel Cory (Victoria Wyndham). 1999: NBC canceled Another World. "We've known for quite some time that NBC's decision could go either way," said Mickey Dwyer-Dobbin, executive in charge of production at Procter & Gamble Productions, which owned the show. "Although we certainly wish the outcome were different, it is a sad comment on the television industry as a whole that a soap, especially one with so much history, has to be canceled to make room for a new one. The loss of the show is a loss for the industry." 2004: On All My Children, Bianca Montgomery (Eden Riegel) kidnapped Bess. 2010: Actor Peter Haskell died at age 75. His soap roles included C.J. in Rituals, Hollis in Ryan's Hope and Lloyd on Search for Tomorrow. 2012: Actress Linda Cook died at age 63. The actress played memorable roles on a number of soaps including The Edge of Night, Ryan's Hope, Loving, All My Children and As the World Turns. Celebrating a birthday today are: Ellen Falcon (Former Director, Santa Barbara) - 72 Ed O'Neill (ex-Lenny, Another World; ex-All My Children) - 71 Wayne Northrop (ex-Roman/Alex, Days of our Lives; ex-Rex, Port Charles; ex-Michael, Dynasty) - 70 Dan Lauria (ex-Gus, One Life to Live) - 70 Maia Danziger (ex-Judy, All My Children; ex-Katy, The Doctors; ex-Glenda, Another World) - 67 Elissa Leeds (ex-Steffi, General Hospital; ex-Hope, Another World; ex-Hope, The Guiding Light; ex-Lisa, The Edge of Night; ex-Rachel, How to Survive a Marriage; ex-Brooke, All My Children) - 58 Alicia Coppola (ex-Lorna, Another World) - 49 Shannen Doherty (ex-Brenda, Beverly Hills, 90210) - 46 NiCole Robinson (ex-Margaret, The West Wing) - 45 Christina Moore (ex-Tracy, 90210) - 44 Sarah Jane Morris (ex-Paula, Undressed; ex-Julia, Brothers & Sisters) - 40 Claire Danes (Carrie, Homeland; ex-Angela, My So-Called Life) - 38 Jennifer Morrison (Emma, Once Upon A Time) - 38 Jamie Misiak (Nurse, Anacostia) EDITOR'S NOTE: If you would like to submit a soap history entry for this date or a future date, email editor@welovesoaps.com. Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest Categories: All My Children, Another World, As The World Turns, Birthdays, Dark Shadows, General Hospital, Guiding Light, History No comments: Post a Comment Newer Post Older Post Home Subscribe to: Post Comments (Atom) CONTACT WE LOVE SOAPS: Roger Newcomb - roger@welovesoaps.com Kevin Mulcahy Jr. - kevin@welovesoaps.com           Search We Love Soaps Featured Post Peter Hansen Dead at 95 Emmy Award-winning General Hospital actor Peter Hansen died on Sunday, April 9, 2017, in Santa Clarita, California. He was 95. Hansen pl... Popular Posts Daytime Emmys to be Live-Streamed on Facebook, Presenters Revealed Some of the biggest and brightest stars of daytime television are scheduled to present at the 44th Annual Daytime Creative Arts Emmy® Awards... Peter Hansen Dead at 95 Emmy Award-winning General Hospital actor Peter Hansen died on Sunday, April 9, 2017, in Santa Clarita, California. He was 95. Hansen pl... Today in Soap Opera History (April 11) 1966: Peyton Place's Steven married Betty. 1978: Ryan's Hope's Tom was drunk and angry. 1986: Lynn Herring debuted as Lucy... Today in Soap Opera History (April 13) 1979: Guiding Light's Diane uncovered revealing information. 1981: Another World's Mac didn't care about Sandy's past. ... Today in Soap Opera History (April 10) 1957: As the World Turns' Edith considered leaving Oakdale. 1985: Finola Hughes debuted as Anna Devane on General Hospital . 1987: ... Mario Lopez & Sheryl Underwood to Host the 44th Annual Daytime Emmy Awards This year's Daytime Emmy Awards hosts have been revealed. Announced today on the CBS Daytime program, The Talk, Mario Lopez, host and ... FLASHBACK: Joan Crawford Takes Daughter's Soap Opera Role 1968 (Updated With Audio!) Joan Crawford Takes Daughter's Soap Opera Role by Robert Windeler New York Times October 23, 1968 Joan Crawford, the 60-year-old ... Soap Opera Spoilers - Bold and the Beautiful Spoilers - Days of our Lives Spoilers - General Hospital Spoilers - Young and the Restless Spoilers Translate Powered by Blogger.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 April 2017 by Military News Fatty Methyl Ester Sulphonate Market Industry Analysis Report, Regional Outlook 2016-2024 The Fatty Methyl Ester Sulphonate Market size was valued at USD 0.57 billion in 2015 and is likely to reach a size of USD 2.2 billion by 2024. Fatty Methyl Ester Sulphonate (FMES) is an anionic surfactant derived from palm oil. The esterification of fatty acids in presence of palm oil, followed by sulphonation, gives FMES. The product proves to be an environment friendly and feasible alternative to presently used surfactant, alkyl benzene. There’s a significant rise in the per capita income and improvement in the living standards of people in developing countries like China, India, Japan and Brazil, which is likely to boost the Fatty Methyl Ester Sulphonate market size. These countries are witnessing rapid urbanization, accompanied with industrialization and increased consumer awareness, which is expected to influence the personal care and laundry product segment positively and hence increasing the demand for the product. Request table of contents of this research report@ www.gminsights.com/request-toc/upcoming/1261 Stringent regulatory norms in laundry care segment concerning waste water management can be ascribed to the presence of hazardous petrochemical surfactants and auxiliaries. Due to the presence of these synthetic compounds, the industrial and residential establishments are substantially affected. Thus, urging detergent manufacturers to switch to more ecofriendly and bio degradable ingredients in their products. Fatty Methyl Ester Sulphonate, due to its stability problems at low temperatures, is not ideal for liquid products. Hence, the application of Fatty Methyl Ester Sulphonate in liquid detergent is limited, which can hamper the market growth in the forecast period. But significant investment in research and development in this area is expected to offer new market opportunities. The three major applications of Fatty Methyl Ester Sulphonate are categorized into household detergents, personal care and industrial use as cleaners and in oilfield chemicals etc. The viscosity of slurry washing agents and paste detergents is enhanced by the usage of Fatty Methyl Ester Sulphonate in it. As it is obtained from natural sources like palm and coconut oil, Personal care product industry is a major end user of Fatty Methyl Ester Sulphonate. Inquire about to purchase this research report@ www.gminsights.com/inquiry-before-buying/1261 Expansion of textile segment and personal care is likely to play a vital role in Fatty Methyl Ester Sulphonate market growth in Asia Pacific for the coming years. The demand for personal care products such as hand wash, fabric cleaners, spot and stain removers in Central and South America has driven the growth the product in that region. In regions like North America and Europe, there is an increasing adoption of detergents with better water solubility, wetting power and water hardness stability, which has accelerated the demand for Fatty Methyl Ester Sulphonate. Jiangsu Haiqing Biotechnology and Stephan company have largest installed capacities of FMES in the world. The other major manufacturers of Fatty Methyl Ester Sulphonate in global market are Chemithon Corporation, Lion corporation, Krishi Oils Limited, Sun Products, Wilmar International Ltd., P&G Chemicals, Fenchem, KLK OLEO and China Petroleum and Chemical Corporation (Sinopec). Browse complete summary of this report @ www.gminsights.com/industry-analysis/fatty-methyl-ester-s… Chemithon Corporation has technologies which are patented for manufacturing of FMES, efficient in production of commercial quantities in free-flowing powder form. Lion Corporation of Japan, produces FMES that serves detergent industries in Japan and South East Asia by its patented acid bleaching process. KLK Oleo offers an active cleaning element, Palmfonate, which is used in laundry detergents. About Global Market Insights, Inc. Global Market Insights, Inc., headquartered in Delaware, U.S., is a global market research and consulting service provider; offering syndicated and custom research reports along with growth consulting services. Our business intelligence and industry research reports offer clients with penetrative insights and actionable market data specially designed and presented to aid strategic decision making. These exhaustive reports are designed via a proprietary research methodology and are available for key industries such as chemicals, advanced materials, technology, renewable energy and biotechnology. Contact Us Arun Hegde Corporate Sales, USA Global Market Insights, Inc. Phone: 1-302-846-7766 Toll Free: 1 888-689-0688 Email: sales@gminsights.com Web: www.gminsights.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Economy, Finances, Banking & Insurance Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Deutsche Bank Announces Several Hires in Global Markets Americas Next PostNext Acelity Announces Enhancements to V.A.C.ULTA™ Therapy System Posted on 13 April 2017 by Military News Fatty Methyl Ester Sulphonate Market Industry Analysis Report, Regional Outlook 2016-2024 The Fatty Methyl Ester Sulphonate Market size was valued at USD 0.57 billion in 2015 and is likely to reach a size of USD 2.2 billion by 2024. Fatty Methyl Ester Sulphonate (FMES) is an anionic surfactant derived from palm oil. The esterification of fatty acids in presence of palm oil, followed by sulphonation, gives FMES. The product proves to be an environment friendly and feasible alternative to presently used surfactant, alkyl benzene. There’s a significant rise in the per capita income and improvement in the living standards of people in developing countries like China, India, Japan and Brazil, which is likely to boost the Fatty Methyl Ester Sulphonate market size. These countries are witnessing rapid urbanization, accompanied with industrialization and increased consumer awareness, which is expected to influence the personal care and laundry product segment positively and hence increasing the demand for the product. Request table of contents of this research report@ www.gminsights.com/request-toc/upcoming/1261 Stringent regulatory norms in laundry care segment concerning waste water management can be ascribed to the presence of hazardous petrochemical surfactants and auxiliaries. Due to the presence of these synthetic compounds, the industrial and residential establishments are substantially affected. Thus, urging detergent manufacturers to switch to more ecofriendly and bio degradable ingredients in their products. Fatty Methyl Ester Sulphonate, due to its stability problems at low temperatures, is not ideal for liquid products. Hence, the application of Fatty Methyl Ester Sulphonate in liquid detergent is limited, which can hamper the market growth in the forecast period. But significant investment in research and development in this area is expected to offer new market opportunities. The three major applications of Fatty Methyl Ester Sulphonate are categorized into household detergents, personal care and industrial use as cleaners and in oilfield chemicals etc. The viscosity of slurry washing agents and paste detergents is enhanced by the usage of Fatty Methyl Ester Sulphonate in it. As it is obtained from natural sources like palm and coconut oil, Personal care product industry is a major end user of Fatty Methyl Ester Sulphonate. Inquire about to purchase this research report@ www.gminsights.com/inquiry-before-buying/1261 Expansion of textile segment and personal care is likely to play a vital role in Fatty Methyl Ester Sulphonate market growth in Asia Pacific for the coming years. The demand for personal care products such as hand wash, fabric cleaners, spot and stain removers in Central and South America has driven the growth the product in that region. In regions like North America and Europe, there is an increasing adoption of detergents with better water solubility, wetting power and water hardness stability, which has accelerated the demand for Fatty Methyl Ester Sulphonate. Jiangsu Haiqing Biotechnology and Stephan company have largest installed capacities of FMES in the world. The other major manufacturers of Fatty Methyl Ester Sulphonate in global market are Chemithon Corporation, Lion corporation, Krishi Oils Limited, Sun Products, Wilmar International Ltd., P&G Chemicals, Fenchem, KLK OLEO and China Petroleum and Chemical Corporation (Sinopec). Browse complete summary of this report @ www.gminsights.com/industry-analysis/fatty-methyl-ester-s… Chemithon Corporation has technologies which are patented for manufacturing of FMES, efficient in production of commercial quantities in free-flowing powder form. Lion Corporation of Japan, produces FMES that serves detergent industries in Japan and South East Asia by its patented acid bleaching process. KLK Oleo offers an active cleaning element, Palmfonate, which is used in laundry detergents. About Global Market Insights, Inc. Global Market Insights, Inc., headquartered in Delaware, U.S., is a global market research and consulting service provider; offering syndicated and custom research reports along with growth consulting services. Our business intelligence and industry research reports offer clients with penetrative insights and actionable market data specially designed and presented to aid strategic decision making. These exhaustive reports are designed via a proprietary research methodology and are available for key industries such as chemicals, advanced materials, technology, renewable energy and biotechnology. Contact Us Arun Hegde Corporate Sales, USA Global Market Insights, Inc. Phone: 1-302-846-7766 Toll Free: 1 888-689-0688 Email: sales@gminsights.com Web: www.gminsights.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Economy, Finances, Banking & Insurance Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Deutsche Bank Announces Several Hires in Global Markets Americas Next PostNext Acelity Announces Enhancements to V.A.C.ULTA™ Therapy System Search Recent Posts Sepsis Diagnostics Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Fitness Equipment Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. New Research Report Focused On World Ciprofloxacin base Market Development Overview Forecast To 2022 Servo Drives and Motors Market | Outlook Research Report 2014-2021 By DecisionDatabases Wound Care Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 April 2017 by Military News Adam Wohl Joins SRG as Executive Creative Director Global Ad Industry Veteran Bolsters Creative Leadership as Independent Agency Enters Its 34th Year of Growth BOULDER, Colo., April 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Sterling-Rice Group (SRG), a Boulder-based brand consultancy and creative agency, has hired advertising industry talent Adam Wohl as Executive Creative Director (ECD). In this role, Wohl will oversee creative at SRG, bolstering the agency's communications practice, which spans advertising, digital, and integrated marketing.   Wohl comes to SRG from New York. He was most recently Global Creative Director/ECD at TWBA/Chiat/Day, where he led the firm's work for BNY Mellon, Michelin, and other clients. He led the team responsible for TWBA/Chiat/Day's, "First Drives" campaign for Michelin and the agency's award-winning "93/7" campaign for BNY Mellon. "For more than a decade, Adam has been a creative force behind many of the world's most recognizable and relevant brands," said Cindy Judge, president of SRG. "He has a gift for creating work that impresses award judges and, importantly, drives clients' bottomlines. With Adam on board we are even better prepared to deliver breakthrough campaigns for our clients, no matter the challenge and wherever they do business." Wohl has spent his life telling stories. After graduating from the Newhouse School at Syracuse University with a degree in film, Wohl's very first script was selected by Warner Brothers for the company's prestigious Writers Program. Since then, Wohl has written television and film scripts for most major studios, and he remains an active member of the Writers Guild of America.  Prior to TWBA/Chiat/Day, Wohl was ECD at mcgarrybowen, where he led creative for P&G, Marriott, and United Airlines, as well as worked on the Maserati and Verizon brands. Before that, Wohl managed the global Samsung account for Cheil USA, where he helped drive the most profitable year in Samsung's history. His work for Samsung included the "Olympic Drums" and "Ultimate Multitasker" spots featuring David Beckham and James Franco, respectively.    He also worked as freelance creative director on the Wendy's brand for Kaplan Thaler and on Nike for Wieden+Kennedy in Portland. "I feel as lucky as I do excited about being a part of the future of SRG," said Wohl. "The potential of the agency's success is incredible, and the spirit and strength of the employees and the culture created as a result speaks for itself." Early in his ad career, Wohl cofounded MIR, an award-winning agency focused on the intersection of storytelling and technology. MIR worked with many top-tier brands, including Amex, Citi, Coca-Cola, Kraft, Lexus, LG, Nissan, and Unilever, and was sold to Publicis in 2011.  ABOUT SRG Headquartered in Boulder, Colo., SRG is a nationally recognized brand consultancy and creative agency. For more than 30 years, companies ranging from small entrepreneurial start-ups to some of the biggest brands in the world have come to Boulder to seek out SRG's expertise in consumer insights, brand strategy and positioning, new product innovation, advertising, and design. With deep experience in all things consumer and culinary, it is responsible for $10 billion in incremental value for clients over the past five years alone. SRG has been ranked on Outside Magazine's Best Places to Work list for the past six years and was also recognized by Ad Age as a 2016 Best Place to Work. Visit www.srg.com for more information.   SOURCE Sterling-Rice Group CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Personnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Reader’s Digest UK chooses Magzter to widen its global presence Next PostNext Advanced Technology Catheters Market Poised to Expand at a Robust Pace Over 2016 – 2024 : Persistence Market Research Search Recent Posts Virus Filtration Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Global Dental Operating Light Market 2021: Competition by Top Manufacturers, With Production, Revenue (Value) and Market Share United States Automotive Repair and Maintenance Services Market Growth, Trends, Demand, Share, Analysis to 2021 United States Automotive Crash Sensor Market 2017: Production, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast to 2021 United States Automatic Emergency Braking System Market Growth Factors, Applications, Product Types and Trend Analysis to 2021 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Beauty Devices Market Growing at 18.7% CAGR by 2020 The global beauty devices market is segmented on the basis of geography, usage area, and type. Based on geography, the global beauty devices market is divided into North America, Asia, Latin America, Europe, and Rest of the World. With the growing number of beauty salons and stores in North America, the global beauty devices market is expected to witness greater opportunities for development in the years to come. In the United States, currently there are approximately around 750,000 beauty spas and salons. The Asia beauty devices market’s extraordinary rise in the recent past is attributed to the aggressive development of one of the market leaders, Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. Similarly, entry of new beauty devices and beauty products in various regions across the globe has propelled the global beauty devices market. Persistence Market Research has published a new report on the Global Market Study on Beauty Devices: Asia to Witness Highest Growth by 2020. As per the report, the global beauty devices market is expected to progress rapidly from US$19.4 bn in 2014 to US$54.2 bn by 2020 at an 18.70% CAGR. In Asia, the market for beauty devices is expected to expand rapidly due to increasing disposable incomes, introduction of less expensive beauty products, and availability of branded products. Asia is expected to be the fastest growing regional segment of the global beauty devices market in the years to come. The Europe beauty devices market is propelled by the increasing aging population. Introduction of new skin care products, beauty devices, and spa solutions to treat skin and hair problems is expected to propel the Europe beauty devices market during the period from 2014 to 2020. A sample of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/3375 Some of the other leading companies in the global beauty devices market are L’Oréal Group, Home Skinovations, Ltd., TRIA Beauty, Inc., Koninklijke Philips N.V., Carol Cole Company, Procter & Gamble, PhotoMedex, Inc., Syneron Medical, Ltd., and Panasonic Corporation. Although the leading companies have captured the majority of the global beauty devices market, entry of new companies is expected to increase the level of competition in the years to come. Market leading companies as well as new entrants are striving hard to offer quality products to maintain their standards in the global beauty devices market. Request to view table of content @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/beauty-devices-market/toc Some beauty devices lead to reactions such as redness, swelling, and bruising. Growing awareness of the risks or side effects associated with skin care products and beauty devices is predicted to restrict the growth of the global beauty devices market in the coming few years. However, introduction of beauty products with natural ingredients is expected to propel the global beauty devices market during the forecast period. Based on usage area, the global beauty devices market is classified into at-home, spa, salon, and others. By type, the global beauty devices market is classified into hair removal devices, cleansing devices, acne devices, rejuvenation devices, light/LED therapy and photo rejuvenation devices, oxygen and steamer devices, hair growth devices, skin derma rollers, and cellulite reduction devices, and others. The current global beauty devices market is highly competitive, with new products being introduced by leading companies every year. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBeauty Devices, Beauty Devices market, Google News, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Children Toothbrush Report on United States and Global Market Outlook 2017-2022 Next PostNext The Skills Gap is Costing Companies Nearly $1 Million Annually, According to New CareerBuilder Survey Search Recent Posts Global Automotive Alternator Market 2021: Competition by Top Manufacturers, With Production, Revenue (Value) and Market Share Emergency Department Information System Sales Market Dynamics, Forecasts to 2021, Sales and Revenue Analysis Report China Wrist Orthosis Market 2017:Overview, Opportunities, In-Depth Analysis and Forecasts China Water Massage Bathtubs Market Major Manufacturers, Growth Factors, Growth Analysis Cell Banking Outsourcing Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Teeth Whitening Market – Quantitative Market analysis, Current Industry Trends Teeth whitening is a procedure that is performed using bleach and other materials to make teeth look whiter and brighter. These products help eliminate stains or other discoloration from the tooth surface. It includes teeth whitening toothpastes, gels, whitening trays, and whitening strips. A bright set of teeth helps in creating great first impressions as the smile is usually the first thing that others notice about the person. It also helps in improving self-confidence and also smiling leads to the release of endorphins, a mood enhancing substance. People present a youthful appearance to others as decolored teeth represent aging of teeth. While people often relate white teeth with proper dental hygiene, there are numerous other benefits to having a bright healthy smile. When a person greets another person with white and shiny teeth, it indicates the way in which they care for themselves. Such implications aid in the high adoption of teeth whitening products as it helps the users achieve their preferred social standing. Teeth whitening products are an integral part of dental consumables. Research analysts forecast the global teeth whitening market to grow at a CAGR of 3.71% during the period 2017-2021. Request sample copy of the report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/240564 Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global teeth whitening market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report presents a detailed picture of the market by way of study, synthesis, and summation of data from multiple sources. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: Americas APAC EMEA Research report, Global Teeth Whitening Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Read more details of the report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/global-interactive-voice-response-ivr-systems-market-research-report-forecast-2017-2021 Key vendors Colgate-Palmolive GlaxoSmithKline Johnson & Johnson P&G Other prominent vendors Brodie & Stone CCA Industries Church & Dwight GO SMILE Henkel Unilever Supersmile Ultradent Products Market driver Approvals from dental associations and recommendations from doctors. For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge Unregulated practices. For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend Technology driving the adoption rates of equipment. For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? What are the key market trends? What is driving this market? What are the challenges to market growth? Who are the key vendors in this market space? What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? You can request one free hour of our analyst’s time when you purchase this market report. Details are provided within the report. Companies Mentioned: olgate-Palmolive, GlaxoSmithKline, Johnson & Johnson, P&G, Brodie & Stone, CCA Industries, Church & Dwight, GO SMILE, Henkel, Unilever, Supersmile, and Ultradent Products. Enquire more details of the report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/240564 About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019   CategoriesUncategorized TagsGoogle News, satellite, satPRnews, Teeth Whitening Market, Teeth Whitening Market Growth, Teeth Whitening Market report, Teeth Whitening Market Research, Teeth Whitening Market Share, Teeth Whitening Market size, Teeth Whitening Market Volume Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New Research Report Focused On World Molecular Diagnostics Market Development Overview Forecast To 2021 Next PostNext The impending hunger catastrophe won’t be Africa’s last, Red Cross Red Crescent Search Recent Posts Sepsis Diagnostics Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Fitness Equipment Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. New Research Report Focused On World Ciprofloxacin base Market Development Overview Forecast To 2022 Servo Drives and Motors Market | Outlook Research Report 2014-2021 By DecisionDatabases Wound Care Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Global Throat Lozenges Market to Significant Growth Foreseen by 2021 Throat lozenges, commonly known as cough sweet, cough drop, cachou or troche, are small sized medicated tablets. Lozenge word is used for diamonds that are rhombus in size. Throat lozenges are diamond shaped and these tablets get easily dissolved in the mouth and help relieve temporarily from coughs and other throat problems. It helps soothe and lubricate tissues of throat that are affected from influenza or common cold. Throat lozenges are utilized since ages (1000 BC) for treating throat infection. The first throat lozenges were made in Egypt with the utilization of various ingredients such as honey, herbs, citrus and spices. These tablets were further modified by Smith Brothers in 1852 as cough drops and in 1879 by Luden. The modification included the addition of heroin and morphine in small quantity to enhance the efficiency of the actions of throat lozenge. A sample of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/5726 In current scenario of the market throat lozenges are composed of an anesthetic, benzocaine and eucalyptus oil.  Pectin or zinc gluconate glycine is utilized while manufacturing non-menthol throat lozenges. Most of the throat lozenges also contain dextromethorphan. Various brands are available in the market for throat lozenges that include CÄ“pacol, Butter-Menthol, Chloraseptic, Gorpils, Fisherman’s Friend, Halls, Lockets, Läkerol, Pastilles Juanola, Luden’s, Ricola, Robitussin, Strepsils and Smith Brothers. Some other brands are Tunes, Vigroids, Vicks, Victory V, Sucrets and CVS Throat Drops. Throat lozenges are advised to patients suffering from pharyngitis (sour throat). Pharyngitis may be caused due to either virus or bacterial infection (streptococcus infection). It is opined by the medical professionals that approximately 50% of sore throat is caused by viral infections and 15% to 20% occurs due to bacterial infections. Mycoplasma pneumoniae, Streptococcus, Neisseria gonorrhoeae and Chlamydia pneumonia are some of the bacteria that cause sore throat. Symptoms that occur in a patient suffering from sore throat include redness of throat, swollen throat and difficulty in swallowing. The growth of the market for throat lozenges will be driven by aging population since elderly people often suffer from throat infection that increase the uptake of throat lozenges. It has been projected by the World Health Organization (WHO) that by 2050 nearly 2 billion populations will belong to geriatric population and it also estimated that global elderly population was 524 million in 2010. Similarly, increasing number of HIV patients across the globe also propels the growth of throat lozenges market since HIV patients usually suffer with throat infection. Similarly, rising incidences cold and coughs will also augment the growth of throat lozenges market. In addition, changing lifestyle will further support the growth of throat lozenges market since new lifestyle is responsible for reducing immunity of the body. North America in 2012, accounted for the largest share of global throat lozenges market due to presence of large number of throat lozenges manufacturers. Also, due to cold temperature in the nations such as U.S. and Canada, accentuate the incidences of cold and cough in population and in turn boost the growth of throat lozenges market in the region. Europe accounted for the second largest share of the global throat lozenges market owing to the presence of large geriatric population. Asia-Pacific and Rest of the World accounted for the smallest share of global throat lozenges market To view TOC of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/5726 .The major players operating in the throat lozenges market include GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals Limited, SSL International, Thornton & Ross, Pfizer, Inc. and Procter & Gamble (P&G) amongst other significant players worldwide. About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsGlobal Throat Lozenges Market, Google News, Healthcare, Market Growth, Market Shares, Market size, Market Trends, satellite, satPRnews, Throat Lozenges, Throat Lozenges Market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Spring Lake, MI Author Publishes Study of the Bible Next PostNext Spencer, NC Author Publishes Spiritual Novel Search Recent Posts Sepsis Diagnostics Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Fitness Equipment Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. New Research Report Focused On World Ciprofloxacin base Market Development Overview Forecast To 2022 Servo Drives and Motors Market | Outlook Research Report 2014-2021 By DecisionDatabases Wound Care Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 April 2017 by Military News Wireless Charging Market Largest Application Segment by 2023 Wireless charging is recharging batteries of electrical devices with no physically connected cables. Currently, charging of devices is an important aspect of business is response to power intensive applications. Mobile manufacturers such as Samsung, Nokia, LG Electronics and HTC are positioning phones with wireless charging to drive demand at the high end. The global wireless charging market is segmented by application into consumer electronics, industrial, medical, automotive and defense. Consumer electronics is expected to be the largest application segment in the wireless charging market. Browse Market Research Report: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/wireless-charging-mark… On the basis of geography the market is segmented as North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Middle-east and Africa and Latin America. High volumes of electronics devices such as smartphones and laptops in Asia Pacific make it the most promising region for wireless charging market. However, United States is the largest regional market for wireless charging. Increase in adoption of wireless charging for industrial applications and growing awareness of wireless power technology among consumers propels market growth in this region. On the basis of technology wireless charging market is segmented as Inductive, RF and Resonant. Inductive technology is mature and has high demand in wireless charging market owing to its use in all the applications. On the other hand, RF and resonant technologies are gaining traction in the wireless charging market. Companies such as Qualcomm and Samsung support resonant technology which allows charging multiple devices simultaneously. Alliance for Wireless Power (A4WP), Wireless Power Consortium (WPC) and Power Matters Alliance (PMA) are the three groups present in the wireless charging market. Wireless Power Consortium (WPC) uses Qi standard commonly found in smartphones whereas Alliance for Wireless Power (A4WP) uses resonance technology which is still in the early stages of development. Interoperability between these groups is of prime importance for the wireless charging market. Companies such as AT&T are seeking a commitment to one standard of wireless charging from their handset vendors. The penetration of wireless charging is expected to increase in wearable devices over the years. Wireless charging market is expected to experience a boom in electrical vehicles too. In-car charging and wireless charging of electrical vehicles are the key trends in the automotive industry. Rise in electrical vehicles manufacturing globally will help in the wireless charging market growth. Significant investments in R&D are being made by the market participants, wherein the leading players are focusing on improving the power transmission range. Fill the form to Gain Deeper Insights on this Market: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… This would facilitate charging of devices wirelessly over long distances, subsequently expanding the application base. However, retaining the costs low is the key challenge for the wireless charging devices market. Wireless charging market is highly fragmented with start-ups and large market participants. Players are trying to distinguish themselves on the basis of quality and affordability. Few of the key players in the wireless charging market include Qualcomm Inc., Fulton Innovation LLC, Texas Instruments, Inc., WiTricity Corporation, Convenient Power HK Ltd., Integrated Device Technology, Inc., Murata Manufacturing Co. Ltd., Duracell Powermat (Procter & Gamble Co.), Energizer Holdings, Inc, Oregon Scientific, Inc. and Anker among others. About TMR TMR is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Contact TMR 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email:sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website:www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsIT, New Media & Software Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Audio Interfaces Market Trends and 2022 Forecast Next PostNext Intelligent Building Management Systems Market Technological breakthroughs 2023 Search Recent Posts Virus Filtration Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Global Mildronate Market Analysis and Forecast: Based On Latest Research 2021 Composite Resin Industry 2017: Production, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast to 2021 Asia Pacific Construction Films Market Analysis and Forecast 2024 by Size, Share and Growth Rate Global Healthcare SCM Market 2017 Size, Development Status, Type and Application, Segmentation, Forecast by 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
