Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Cuts Stake in Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Qiagen N.V. (QGEN) Stake Maintained by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Sharkey Howes & Javer Has $125,000 Stake in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RIGL) Orinda Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Facebook, Inc. (FB) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) Stake Maintained by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $134,000 Position in Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) Aperio Group LLC Boosts Stake in National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ORMP) Shares Bought by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Position Increased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS) Shares Sold by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Acquires 126 Shares of Signature Bank (SBNY) US Bancorp DE Has $175,000 Stake in Avangrid, Inc. (AGR) Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT) Stake Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale PAREXEL International Corporation (PRXL) Position Lowered by Advisor Group Inc. Advisor Group Inc. Raises Position in Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) US Bancorp DE Purchases 444 Shares of Terex Corporation (TEX) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $192,000 Position in Perceptron, Inc. (PRCP) California Public Employees Retirement System Holds Stake in IEC Electronics (IEC) Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG) Position Reduced by Lodestar Investment Counsel LLC IL January 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Lodestar Investment Counsel LLC IL cut its position in Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) by 1.4% during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 130,770 shares of the company’s stock after selling 1,889 shares during the period. Procter & Gamble Company (The) accounts for approximately 1.6% of Lodestar Investment Counsel LLC IL’s holdings, making the stock its 21st largest position. Lodestar Investment Counsel LLC IL’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Company (The) were worth $11,737,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds have also recently made changes to their positions in PG. Gateway Investment Advisers LLC boosted its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 12.4% in the second quarter. Gateway Investment Advisers LLC now owns 1,789,915 shares of the company’s stock worth $151,552,000 after buying an additional 197,852 shares during the last quarter. Amarillo National Bank boosted its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 3.6% in the second quarter. Amarillo National Bank now owns 7,499 shares of the company’s stock worth $635,000 after buying an additional 259 shares during the last quarter. Fisher Asset Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 1.1% in the second quarter. Fisher Asset Management LLC now owns 8,093,915 shares of the company’s stock worth $694,053,000 after buying an additional 91,671 shares during the last quarter. Campbell Newman Asset Management Inc. boosted its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 141.5% in the second quarter. Campbell Newman Asset Management Inc. now owns 18,372 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,556,000 after buying an additional 10,765 shares during the last quarter. Finally, First Financial Corp IN boosted its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 20.9% in the second quarter. First Financial Corp IN now owns 25,056 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,122,000 after buying an additional 4,340 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 67.12% of the company’s stock. Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE:PG) traded up 0.36% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, hitting $84.50. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 8,065,214 shares. Procter & Gamble Company has a 52-week low of $74.46 and a 52-week high of $90.33. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $83.71 and a 200-day moving average of $85.85. The firm has a market cap of $226.12 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 22.54 and a beta of 0.59. Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, October 25th. The company reported $1.03 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.98 by $0.05. The business earned $16.50 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $16.49 billion. Procter & Gamble Company (The) had a return on equity of 17.95% and a net margin of 16.27%. Procter & Gamble Company (The)’s quarterly revenue was down .1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $0.98 earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts expect that Procter & Gamble Company will post $3.86 EPS for the current fiscal year. WARNING: “Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG) Position Reduced by Lodestar Investment Counsel LLC IL” was reported by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/04/procter-gamble-company-the-pg-position-reduced-by-lodestar-investment-counsel-llc-il.html. PG has been the subject of a number of recent research reports. Vetr cut Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $92.75 target price for the company. in a report on Wednesday, September 28th. Argus raised Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and raised their price target for the company from $88.54 to $103.00 in a report on Wednesday, October 12th. Zacks Investment Research raised Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $98.00 price target for the company in a report on Friday, October 14th. raised Procter & Gamble Company (The) from an “underperform” rating to an “outperform” rating and raised their price target for the company from $90.00 to $95.00 in a report on Wednesday, October 26th. Finally, B. Riley reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $106.00 price target (up from $105.00) on shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) in a report on Wednesday, October 26th. Sixteen equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eleven have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $89.75. In other Procter & Gamble Company (The) news, insider Price Matthew sold 3,081 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, November 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $86.90, for a total transaction of $267,738.90. Following the sale, the insider now owns 14,962 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,300,197.80. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. 0.35% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. About Procter & Gamble Company (The) The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 3 Reasons Procter & Gamble Co. Stock Could Jump in 2017 The case for surprising gains from one of the market's biggest stocks. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Jan 4, 2017 at 12:41PM Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG) shareholders are happy to put 2016 behind them. Their stock badly trailed the market as P&G posted its third-straight fiscal year of slowing sales growth and declining gross profit. Income investors weren't spared the pain, either. They received the smallest possible dividend raise last year while the consumer-goods giant struggled with an elevated payout ratio. A new year doesn't bring a clean slate to companies, and that's especially true for $220 billion titans like Procter & Gamble. However, P&G has a real shot at surprising investors by posting improved operating and financial results in 2017. Here's how. Market-share turnaround The company has been forecasting a sales-growth rebound for years, but hasn't delivered. Instead, the pace of organic sales gains fell to 1% in fiscal 2016 from a disappointing 2% the prior year as market share ticked lower across its major product categories. That's a big problem, since P&G's operating model depends on, as management puts it in the 10-K, "organic sales growth above market growth rates in the categories and geographies in which we compete." Rather than hitting those targets, P&G has watched as rivals like Unilever (NYSE:UL) and Kimberly-Clark (NYSE:KMB) outpaced it by 2 percentage points or more in the last year. There are encouraging signs that this poor trend is about to change. Last quarter, P&G posted its best sales-volume performance of the year thanks to demand strength in some of its biggest brands. After stumbling badly in shaving, for example, it appears to have hit on the right mix of products, pricing, and marketing in the category. Its online subscription plan is also finally mounting a serious response to Unilever's Dollar Shave Club. Organic sales-growth momentum. Image source: P&G investor presentation. Gillette razors count as one of just 66 franchises remaining after P&G has whittled down its portfolio by about 100 brands. Executives believe they have the best chance at above-average growth with the group that's left, and 2017 will be the first real test of that theory. Dramatically lower costs The more manageable portfolio isn't the only change that's making P&G look like a stronger company in the new year. Its expenses are also plunging thanks to cost cuts that have cleaved $7 billion out of its overhead burden since 2012. Executives are targeting another $10 billion of savings over the next five years. And while unfavorable foreign currency swings and the one-time impact of brand sales offset most of those gains last year, these headwinds are disappearing. P&G is on track to hit its long-term earnings growth target in fiscal 2017 after missing it badly over the past two years. Annual cost savings through fiscal 2016. Image source: P&G investor presentation. There's a decent possibility that the company overachieves on earnings. The brands that it has sold off over the last few years produced weaker-than-average profit margins, which means the remaining brands should lift the company's overall figure higher. Under the best-case scenario, P&G will be able to consistently hit higher operating profits so that it can raise its long-term earnings-growth forecast from its current mid-single-digit range. Spiking cash flow P&G could still pleasantly surprise its shareholders by posting stronger cash generation, even if blockbuster earnings growth doesn't materialize. It targets converting at least 90% of earnings each year to free cash flow, but last year, trounced that forecast by producing $12.1 billion, or 115%, of adjusted profits into cash. PG Free Cash Flow (TTM) data by YCharts. The priority for those funds is investments into initiatives that boost revenue over the long run, like research and development, sampling programs, and advertising. But with P&G's ultra-efficient operations, there's usually plenty left over after spending on the business. That's why investors can expect record levels of shareholder returns in 2017 that might set the stage for market-beating stock-price appreciation. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Kimberly-Clark and Unilever. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Demitrios covers consumer goods and media companies for Fool.com, as well as broader moves in the economy. Follow @TMFSigma Article Info Jan 4, 2017 at 12:41PM Consumer Goods Stocks Unilever NYSE:UL $41.46 down $0.11 (-0.26%) Procter and Gamble NYSE:PG $84.01 up $0.17 (0.20%) Kimberly-Clark NYSE:KMB $114.59 up $0.13 (0.11%) Read More Better Buy: Procter & Gamble Co. vs. Unilever Better Buy: Johnson & Johnson vs. Procter & Gamble Co 5 Must-See Slides From Procter & Gamble Co.'s Analyst Presentation Why Procter & Gamble Co. Gained Only 6% in 2016 5 Things to Know Before You Buy Procter & Gamble Co. Stock Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool 3 Reasons Procter & Gamble Co. Stock Could Jump in 2017 #stocks $UL, $PG, $KMB
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Procter & Gamble Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (SWKS) Stake Boosted by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Acquires New Stake in Sanchez Energy Corporation (SN) MSG Networks Inc. (MSGN) Position Held by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Eagle Bancorp, Inc. (EGBN) Aperio Group LLC Invests $157,000 in Knowles Corporation (KN) Aaron’s, Inc. (AAN) Position Boosted by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Has $150,000 Position in LivaNova PLC (LIVN) PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Cuts Position in Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation (NTT) US Bancorp DE Has $173,000 Position in First Defiance Financial Corp. (FDEF) US Bancorp DE Has $172,000 Position in Actuant Corporation (ATU) Advisor Group Inc. Lowers Position in Liberty Interactive Corporation (QVCA) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in SEI Investments Company (SEIC) US Bancorp DE Purchases 396 Shares of Cimpress N.V (CMPR) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 13,900 Shares of Vanguard Natural Resources LLC (VNR) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Purchases 385 Shares of State Street Corporation (STT) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in CrossAmerica Partners LP (CAPL) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AEGR) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in I.D. Systems, Inc. (IDSY) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 3,400 Shares of ChinaCache International Holdings Ltd. (CCIH) Korea Electric Power Corporation (KEP) Position Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG) Given a $76.00 Price Target by RBC Capital Markets Analysts Posted by Jacob Kohn on Jan 4th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) received a $76.00 target price from analysts at RBC Capital Markets in a research report issued on Monday. The brokerage currently has a “hold” rating on the stock. RBC Capital Markets’ price objective would suggest a potential downside of 9.74% from the company’s previous close. Several other brokerages have also issued reports on PG. Vetr lowered Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $92.75 price target on the stock. in a research note on Monday, October 10th. Argus upgraded Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and upped their price objective for the company from $88.54 to $103.00 in a report on Wednesday, October 12th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $98.00 price objective for the company in a report on Friday, October 14th. Jefferies Group reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $98.00 price objective on shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) in a report on Wednesday, October 26th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) reiterated a “neutral” rating and issued a $92.00 price objective (up previously from $90.00) on shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) in a report on Wednesday, October 26th. Sixteen investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eleven have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $89.75. Shares of Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE:PG) opened at 84.20 on Monday. The firm has a market capitalization of $225.32 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 22.46 and a beta of 0.59. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $83.71 and its 200-day moving average price is $85.85. Procter & Gamble Company has a 12 month low of $74.46 and a 12 month high of $90.33. Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, October 25th. The company reported $1.03 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.98 by $0.05. Procter & Gamble Company (The) had a return on equity of 17.95% and a net margin of 16.27%. The business had revenue of $16.50 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $16.49 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $0.98 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down .1% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Procter & Gamble Company will post $3.86 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was first posted by Web Breaking News and is the propert of of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this story on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this story can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/04/procter-gamble-company-the-pg-given-a-76-00-price-target-by-rbc-capital-markets-analysts.html. In other news, insider Price Matthew sold 3,081 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, November 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $86.90, for a total transaction of $267,738.90. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 14,962 shares in the company, valued at $1,300,197.80. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Insiders own 0.35% of the company’s stock. Several institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Gateway Investment Advisers LLC raised its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 12.4% in the second quarter. Gateway Investment Advisers LLC now owns 1,789,915 shares of the company’s stock worth $151,552,000 after buying an additional 197,852 shares during the period. Amarillo National Bank raised its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 3.6% in the second quarter. Amarillo National Bank now owns 7,499 shares of the company’s stock worth $635,000 after buying an additional 259 shares during the period. Fisher Asset Management LLC raised its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 1.1% in the second quarter. Fisher Asset Management LLC now owns 8,093,915 shares of the company’s stock worth $694,053,000 after buying an additional 91,671 shares during the period. Campbell Newman Asset Management Inc. raised its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 141.5% in the second quarter. Campbell Newman Asset Management Inc. now owns 18,372 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,556,000 after buying an additional 10,765 shares during the period. Finally, First Financial Corp IN raised its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 20.9% in the second quarter. First Financial Corp IN now owns 25,056 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,122,000 after buying an additional 4,340 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 67.12% of the company’s stock. About Procter & Gamble Company (The) The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Potash Corporation of Saskatchewan Inc. (POT) Rating Lowered to Buy at Vetr Inc. Next » IMI Plc (IMIAY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Robert W. Baird Reaffirms Neutral Rating for Twitter, Inc. (TWTR) ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD) Receives “Outperform” Rating from Cowen and Company William Blair Reaffirms Outperform Rating for Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Synthetic Biologics Inc (SYN) Receives Overweight Rating from FBR & Co General Motors Company’s (GM) “Equal Weight” Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC Monster Beverage Corporation (MNST) Earns Outperform Rating from BMO Capital Markets Wells Fargo & Company Reaffirms Market Perform Rating for Apple Inc. (AAPL) IAC/InterActive (IAC) Earns Buy Rating from Aegis Loop Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) Loop Capital Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Facebook, Inc. (FB) PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Sells 7,246 Shares of Olympic Steel, Inc. (ZEUS) Aperio Group LLC Sells 2,561 Shares of Carrols Restaurant Group, Inc. (TAST) Huntsman Corporation (HUN) Stake Cut by Old Mutual Global Investors UK Ltd. Old Mutual Global Investors UK Ltd. Takes Position in Moelis & Company (MC) Starbucks Corporation (SBUX) Position Maintained by Rowland & Co. Investment Counsel ADV Aperio Group LLC Buys Shares of 10,716 Overstock.com, Inc. (OSTK) Altra Industrial Motion Corp. (AIMC) Position Decreased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. ConocoPhillips (COP) Position Decreased by Alpha Omega Wealth Management LLC Advisor Group Inc. Boosts Position in Genesee & Wyoming, Inc. (GWR) Macerich Company (The) (MAC) Shares Bought by Advisor Group Inc. Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG) Position Lowered by MAI Capital Management January 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet MAI Capital Management decreased its position in Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) by 9.7% during the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 170,447 shares of the company’s stock after selling 18,372 shares during the period. Procter & Gamble Company (The) comprises approximately 1.2% of MAI Capital Management’s holdings, making the stock its 16th largest position. MAI Capital Management’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Company (The) were worth $15,298,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other hedge funds also recently modified their holdings of the company. American National Bank increased its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 225.8% in the third quarter. American National Bank now owns 1,137 shares of the company’s stock worth $102,000 after buying an additional 788 shares during the last quarter. Americafirst Capital Management LLC acquired a new position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) during the second quarter worth $112,000. Signature Estate & Investment Advisors LLC acquired a new position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) during the second quarter worth $122,000. Global X Management Co. LLC increased its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 259.5% in the second quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC now owns 1,517 shares of the company’s stock worth $128,000 after buying an additional 1,095 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Rothschild Capital Partners LLC acquired a new position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) during the second quarter worth $201,000. 67.12% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE:PG) traded down 0.29% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, hitting $83.84. 5,022,393 shares of the stock were exchanged. Procter & Gamble Company has a 52 week low of $74.46 and a 52 week high of $90.33. The firm has a market capitalization of $224.36 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 22.36 and a beta of 0.59. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $83.67 and its 200 day moving average price is $85.78. Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, October 25th. The company reported $1.03 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.98 by $0.05. Procter & Gamble Company (The) had a net margin of 16.27% and a return on equity of 17.95%. The company had revenue of $16.50 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $16.49 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company earned $0.98 EPS. Procter & Gamble Company (The)’s revenue for the quarter was down .1% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts expect that Procter & Gamble Company will post $3.86 EPS for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG) Position Lowered by MAI Capital Management” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/03/procter-gamble-company-the-pg-position-lowered-by-mai-capital-management.html. Several equities analysts recently commented on the company. RBC Capital Markets set a $76.00 price objective on Procter & Gamble Company (The) and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday. SunTrust Banks, Inc. downgraded Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and dropped their price objective for the company from $95.00 to $85.00 in a research note on Thursday, December 22nd. Stifel Nicolaus downgraded Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and dropped their price objective for the company from $88.00 to $86.00 in a research note on Tuesday, December 20th. Vetr downgraded Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $87.49 price objective on the stock. in a research note on Monday, December 19th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG downgraded Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and dropped their price objective for the company from $95.00 to $90.00 in a research note on Tuesday, December 13th. Sixteen analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eleven have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Procter & Gamble Company (The) presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $89.75. In related news, insider Price Matthew sold 3,081 shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) stock in a transaction on Wednesday, November 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $86.90, for a total transaction of $267,738.90. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 14,962 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,300,197.80. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Corporate insiders own 0.35% of the company’s stock. Procter & Gamble Company (The) Company Profile The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out06:17 GMT +316 January 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear Red Line The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Unanimous Dissent World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search Indian FMCG Brand Giving Sleepless Nights to Entrenched Trans-Atlantic Brands © AP Photo/ Saurabh Das Business 12:32 03.01.2017(updated 12:45 03.01.2017) Get short URL 111072172 Well established American and European brands Proctor & Gamble, Unilever and Nestle are feeling the heat of competition in India ever since a Yoga Guru living on the banks of the holy River Ganges started Patanjali Ayurved, a company that has diversified from selling traditional Indian medicine into food items and cosmetics. © AFP 2016/ Fabrice Coffrini Watchdog Criticizes World Biggest FMCG Companies for Child Labor in Supply ChainNew Delhi (Sputnik) — An Indian fast moving consumer goods (FMCG) brand promoted by Yoga Guru Baba Ramdev is giving western brands a run for their money. The Yoga Guru's company has clocked 146 percent growth in the current fiscal and is today the biggest disruptive force in India's market, according to a major industry body. "Patanjali Ayurved has turned out to be the most disruptive force in the Indian FMCG market… it witnessed a whopping annual growth of 146 percent in fiscal 2016 grossing a turnover of $ 769 million. Its established peers including ITC, Dabur, Hindustan Unilever, Colgate–Palmolive and Procter & Gamble have struggled to post double-digit growth," noted a Assocham–TechSci research report quoted by the Press Trust of India. Since its inception as a traditional Indian medicine company, Patanjali Ayurved has diversified into food items and cosmetics. These were till then dominated by products of western companies such as Proctor & Gamble, Unilever and Nestle. The increasing demand for Patanjali products has resulted in smaller outlets opening at almost everywhere. "Initially, the company focused only on the development of Ayurvedic medicines, but gradually started manufacturing food items and cosmetics… With around 500 products, many of them in the FMCG category, the company has significantly increased its market share. Many of its product launches have impacted share of other FMCG companies in that product category." Patanjali Ayurved's toothpaste has eaten into the market share of established brands such as Colgate, Close-up, Pepsodent etc. In fact, the US-based Colgate-Palmolive, which still controls 55 per cent of the oral care market in India has reportedly lost nearly 1.5 percent of its market share to Dant Kanti in recent months. To counter Patanjali's inroads, the American brand has launched a herbal ayurvedic toothpaste. © AFP 2016/ Antara Foto/Nova Wahyudi Palm Oil Stains: Child Labor Used in Supply Chains by Big Glossy BrandsThe company's vice-president Bina Thompson had in August 2016 defended the move during an investor meeting. She was quoted as saying, "In India, the consumer believes strongly in natural ingredients. The positioning is a toothpaste packed with the goodness of natural ingredients to help keep dental problems away." Not only that, Patanjali Ayurved's product offering in noodles segment is giving tough competition to Switzerland-based Nestle's Maggi, which in November had a market share of 57 percent. Before June 2015 when Maggi was handed a five-month ban, it enjoyed a whopping 75 percent market share in the noodles segment. Patanjali Ayurved is aiming to become a $2.9 billion brand by 2020.And most market watchers are optimistic on that. So what makes the brand tick? "The biggest appeal for Patanjali users is its association with Baba Ramdev who has become the biggest brand ambassador of promoting health through yoga and traditional Indian ayurvedic herbs and medicines. In addition, the product offerings are decent in standard backed by competitive prices," said Satish Kumar, a franchise owner of a Patanjali Ayurved store in Dwarka, an upscale area of southwest Delhi. The rise of Patanjali Ayurved has come along with intense regulatory scrutiny and interest by rivals. Last month, the company was fined INR 1.1 million for misbranding and putting up misleading advertisements of its products. The brand has also been criticized for producing advertisements "unfairly denigrating" products manufactured by its competitors. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 172 Related: Mainstream Media Portrayal of Binge Drinking Sexist, Say Academics Russian Lada SUV Takes German Car Market by Storm (PHOTO) Tags: FMCG, marketing, brands, India TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 05:50Japanese Ship Crew Caught Red-Handed Slaughtering Minke Whale 05:41Turkish Cargo Plane Crashes Near Bishkek 04:53Syria’s Tomorrow Hopes Astana Talks to Lead to Political Settlement of Crisis 04:31Chinese Museum Demands Return of Sculptures From US University Collection 03:56US Churches Prepare to Become Sanctuaries If Trump Keeps Deportation PromisesAll news Russian Post Sends Melania Trump Unusual Parcel 28183 Daesh Terrorists Destroy Myth of Germany's Indestructible Leopard 2 Tank 13946 The CIA Has Spoken: Fate of US Democracy in the Hands of Just One Russian Woman! 11743 US Navy’s ‘Night Hunter’ Drone Ship to Stalk Russian Subs 9462 Don't Even Try It: Crimea Protected by Russia's Newest Missile Defense System 7950All news 'Kosovo is Serbian,' New Train from Belgrade to North Kosovo Announces 86 Ottawa's New Foreign Minister is 'Catastrophe for Canadian-Russian Relations' 75 Russian Post Sends Melania Trump Unusual Parcel 73 The CIA Has Spoken: Fate of US Democracy in the Hands of Just One Russian Woman! 70 Canadian FM Freeland 'Will Be Talking to Herself' With Her Anti-Russia Policy 56All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Somewhere Over the Clouds: A View of Moscow From Above All TV Must Be RT Countries the US Bombed in 2016 News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Strategy News Creative Report Card About Brands Agencies Creative Directors Art Directors Copywriters Planners Events BCON Expo CASSIES Shopper Marketing Forum Awards Agency of The Year Media Agency of The Year Digital Agency of The Year PR Agency of The Year Strategy Awards PROMO! Awards AToMiC Awards Shopper Innovation Awards Strategy   Home Calendar Awards Magazine Screening Room Careers Categories Branding Media Retail Youth Research Innovation Industry Moves Shopper Marketing    ARCHIVE Home » CPG » Marketers of the Year: The candy man How critical strategic thinking helped Dan Alvo drive local relevance for Wrigley's brands amid global budget pressure. By Josh Kolm January 4, 2017 We’re rolling out our Marketer of the Year profiles, diving into how six change agents each set new agendas for their teams, and came out swinging with a year’s worth of success. Check back here for more later this week and next. This article appears in the January/February 2017 issue of strategy. Heading into 2016, Wrigley Canada was in a tough position. There was pressure from the confectionary company’s global HQ to build candy and mint brands when it was already dealing with a declining gum category, its largest business. Wrigley was also cutting costs globally, closing its Toronto factory in March. And between transfers and downsizing, 65% of the marketing staff had changed over the course of the year. In response, then-director of marketing Dan Alvo convinced the company in mid-2015 to allow the Canadian arm to break away from the U.S. office’s siloed structure and combine its marketing, category management, trade and sales teams into a single unit. While it was cost-cutting that provided an opportunity to push for those changes, Alvo says it was a way to address a persistent organizational challenge. In an ideal world, a company develops a product for a consumer need, and then sales teams sell it to retail partners, while marketing develops a support plan. But it doesn’t always work that way. “The challenge comes when you realize the teams all have different objectives,” Alvo says. “You might have a brand person in charge of Juicy Fruit that’s evaluated based on how successful Juicy Fruit is that quarter, but the salesperson down the hall gets evaluated based on how well they grow business based on a particular customer, regardless of the brand. What I tried to do was create a team that had similar thinking and was motivated around similar objectives, which is much more powerful.” Wrigley Canada helps its staff develop new skills by moving them between roles and departments. Alvo himself recently took on a new developmental role within the company, becoming director of sales to lead its Walmart business, with a hand in its shopper marketing. It’s an important role for Wrigley, which sells products that are largely impulse buy items – and that impulse has waned. Alvo says the declines in gum and confectionery categories have been happening for the last few years in most major markets. “We’ve slowed the decline, but we haven’t seen the turnaround yet,” he says, and that’s up to the marketers. “It’s not a sales or product quality issue; it’s finding a way to make your products meaningful to the consumer again. At the store level, you overcomplicate things by trying to tell an entire story in a retail setting. When you’re a mom with two antsy kids, you’re not going to read a display on the benefits of a new mint. You need a quick reminder of a brand you’re already familiar with because you’ve connected with its values somewhere else.” Just like many multinational CPGs, Wrigley relies on global adapts to save money. But his new, singularly focused team was able to examine which global strategies would bring meaning to local consumers, says Alvo. He has plenty of experience at multinational giants, beginning his career managing health and beauty brands at P&G before moving to food when he spent seven years at Kraft. He joined Wrigley in 2007. It’s easy to find differences between consumers in various markets, he says, but looking for similarities makes it easier to spot the benefits of taking something from another market. “Where you have to add in layers is when you can tell me – through research and insight – that it’s not going to work, and the resources I saved from adapting something can be put towards something that’ll have more of an impact,” he says. For example, nearly all advertising and product innovation on Juicy Fruit and 5 Gum came from the U.S. Those two brands were also seeing the greatest declines in Canada. Wrigley used the money it saved from adapts to pursue sponsorship deals with the Toronto Blue Jays and Raptors for Juicy Fruit. For the more teen-focused 5 Gum, the company partnered with snowboarder brothers Mark and Craig McMorris for a series of videos in 2015 that tied into its “Truth or Dare” contest. Individual wrappers within packages of 5 Gum displayed a different “truth” or “dare,” and the brothers recorded themselves completing challenges. “Globally, we talk about 5 Gum being the brand that helps you take risks,” Alvo says. Today, Juicy Fruit’s market share in Canada is the highest among all markets, while 5 Gum is top for financial performance. Many of the executions where Alvo has chosen to hammer home global brand values within the Canadian market have been in digital, social and experiential. Wrigley’s Skittles brand relies on the iconic global “Taste The Rainbow” creative platform based around putting a surreal twist on reality. In Canada, Alvo’s team produces digital creative with BBDO Toronto, such as an online mockumentary about a man made of Skittles and “Touch The Rainbow” videos that encourage viewers to “interact” by placing their finger over a Skittles candy on the screen. Over the last year, the brand has increasingly turned to events, like the “Holiday Pawn Shop” that allowed people to trade unwanted gifts for candy, or elaborate Skittles decorations in a Toronto neighbourhood for Halloween. Since Alvo joined Wrigley, Skittles and BBDO have picked up numerous awards for local executions, including six Lions from Cannes, and it’s become the top-selling single-serve candy brand in Canada. Alvo says utilizing non-traditional platforms is less about having an innovation strategy and more about finding executions that will benefit a well-established brand positioning. “The mental steps consumers go through before they buy a product aren’t going to change because of technology,” he says. “Executions are what changes, and you open up more of those if they’re based in a strategy that meets the need of the consumer. Before, you might have just done TV or direct mail behind Pawn Shop. Now, I can barter online and get influencers to get the word out. I’m using tech and social, but the strategy would have been the same 10 years ago.” Some of the local Skittles work has been adapted globally, and Alvo relishes in being part of a greater whole that has developed a powerful, global brand positioning. But he’s also been able to build brands here at home. Eight years ago, Excel gum – which is only sold in Canada – began using animated food characters representing bad breath (like coffee cups and garlic cloves) that had also been used for Wrigley’s Extra brand in Australia. The Canadian brand used them in unique ads under a “Eat. Drink. Chew.” tagline that showed “bad breath” not as something people should be shamed for, but as a common reality of everyday life. Three years ago, the brand and BBDO Toronto launched the “Bad Breath Isn’t Sexy” campaign with the same characters, showing them in boudoir-style photoshoots. The most recent iteration was launched in the fall. “‘Sexy’ was able to refresh the message because it stayed true to the brief: using those characters to keep the message friendly and making Excel the hero that solves the problem,” Alvo says. “It seems like an idea that would wear thin, but when your brief is clearly defined, you have a strong foundation to explore new avenues.” While the “Bad Breath” characters were dancing across Canada, Excel experienced its sixth straight year of growth in market share, reaching near 40%. A strong Excel brand has also allowed Wrigley to drive growth for the brand in other categories. Excel Mints became the number two mint brand in Canada last year and the company launched a new, naturally-sweetened version of the gum last year to respond to more health-conscious consumer tastes. Tags: Dan Alvo, Marketer of the Year, Skittles Related Articles Schneiders stays true to tradition PC gets the country to #EatTogether What’s trending for 2017? Skittles’ Holiday Pawn Shop reopens The year in Canadian advertising Popular Recent Featured ICA calls for boycott of Toronto Zoo RFP JP Wiser’s moves to No Fixed Address Start! Stop! Change! Harley-Davidson picks new Canadian leadership Marketers of the Year: Christine Kalvenes snacks on a new market Careers » Screening Room » PC gets the country to #EatTogether Ontario goes hyperlocal with climate change fight WestJet brings a miracle to Fort McMurray Halifax Mooseheads highlight an up-and-comer Twitter Tweets about "from:StrategyOnline OR @StrategyOnline OR strategyonline.ca" Follow @StrategyOnline Facebook About Strategy strategy™ uncovers and shares the "bold vision, brand new ideas" of Canada’s national marketing community. Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Company About Us Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Careers Events Screening Room Subscribe Features AToMIC Sections Branding Media Retail Youth Research Innovation Industry Moves Shopper Marketing Copyright © 1987-2017 Brunico Communications Ltd. All Rights Reserved. We understand your decision to use an ad blocker, however Strategy journalism takes time and funding... Subscriptions and advertising are both necessary to fund the journalism we bring to you. Please, whitelist strategyonline.ca in your ad blocker and refresh your browser.
null
Skip to content SAT Press Releases PR Distribution Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on January 3, 2017 by Jignesh Thakkar Deodorants and Antiperspirants Market Size, Sales, Share, Growth, Trends, Demand, Analysis by Volume, Value and Sales Price 2016 – 2021 Market Research Report on Deodorants and Antiperspirants Market is a professional and in-depth research report. The Report include basic information like definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain overview, industry policies and plans, product specifications, manufacturing processes, cost structures and so on. Deodorants and Antiperspirants Market report studies sales (consumption) of Deodorants and Antiperspirants in Global market, especially in United States, China, Europe, Japan, focuses on top players in these regions/countries, with sales, price, revenue and market share for each player in these regions Unilever, Cavinkare, Addidas, Nike, Procter & Gamble, Godrej and Garnier… Request a sample copy @ https://www.marketstudyreport.com/request-a-sample/?search=global-deodorants-and-antiperspirants-sales-market-report-2016/ Deodorants and Antiperspirants Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with sales (consumption), revenue, market share and growth rate of Deodorants and Antiperspirants in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like – United States, China, Europe, Japan Deodorants and Antiperspirants Market Split by product Types, with sales, revenue, price and gross margin, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into –Type I, Type II, Type III Deodorants and Antiperspirants Market Split by applications, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Deodorants and Antiperspirants in each application, can be divided into –Application 1, Application 2, Application 3 Browse full table of contents and data tables @ https://www.marketstudyreport.com/reports/global-deodorants-and-antiperspirants-sales-market-report-2016/ Deodorants and Antiperspirants Market Major Points in Table of Content: 4 China Deodorants and Antiperspirants Market (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 4.1 China Deodorants and Antiperspirants Sales and Value (2011-2016) 4.1.1 China Deodorants and Antiperspirants Sales and Growth Rate (2011-2016) 4.1.2 China Deodorants and Antiperspirants Revenue and Growth Rate (2011-2016) 4.1.3 China Deodorants and Antiperspirants Sales Price Trend (2011-2016) 4.2 China Deodorants and Antiperspirants Sales and Market Share by Manufacturers 4.3 China Deodorants and Antiperspirants Sales and Market Share by Type 4.4 China Deodorants and Antiperspirants Sales and Market Share by Application 5 Europe Deodorants and Antiperspirants Market (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 5.1 Europe Deodorants and Antiperspirants Sales and Value (2011-2016) 5.1.1 Europe Deodorants and Antiperspirants Sales and Growth Rate (2011-2016) 5.1.2 Europe Deodorants and Antiperspirants Revenue and Growth Rate (2011-2016) 5.1.3 Europe Deodorants and Antiperspirants Sales Price Trend (2011-2016) 5.2 Europe Deodorants and Antiperspirants Sales and Market Share by Manufacturers 5.3 Europe Deodorants and Antiperspirants Sales and Market Share by Type 5.4 Europe Deodorants and Antiperspirants Sales and Market Share by Application 6 Japan Deodorants and Antiperspirants Market (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 6.1 Japan Deodorants and Antiperspirants Sales and Value (2011-2016) 6.1.1 Japan Deodorants and Antiperspirants Sales and Growth Rate (2011-2016) 6.1.2 Japan Deodorants and Antiperspirants Revenue and Growth Rate (2011-2016) 6.1.3 Japan Deodorants and Antiperspirants Sales Price Trend (2011-2016) 6.2 Japan Deodorants and Antiperspirants Sales and Market Share by Manufacturers 6.3 Japan Deodorants and Antiperspirants Sales and Market Share by Type 6.4 Japan Deodorants and Antiperspirants Sales and Market Share by Application 7 Global Deodorants and Antiperspirants Market Manufacturers Analysis 7.1 Unilever 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 7.1.2 Deodorants and Antiperspirants Product Type, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Type I 7.1.2.2 Type II 7.1.3 Unilever Deodorants and Antiperspirants Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Cavinkare, Addidas 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 7.2.2 102 Product Type, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Type I 7.2.2.2 Type II 7.2.3 Cavinkare, Addidas Deodorants and Antiperspirants Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 Nike 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 7.3.2 125 Product Type, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Type I 7.3.2.2 Type II 7.3.3 Nike Deodorants and Antiperspirants Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.4 Procter & Gamble Inquiry Before Buying @ https://www.marketstudyreport.com/enquiry-before-buying/?search=global-deodorants-and-antiperspirants-sales-market-report-2016/ Related Reports: – Asia-Pacific Market for Chemicals in Cosmetics and Toiletries – Growth, Trends, and Forecasts (2015-2020) The Asia-Pacific Market for Chemicals in Cosmetics and Toiletries was valued at USD XX.XX inn 2015 and is projected to reach USD XX.XX by 2020, at a CAGR of 7.4% during the forecast period from 2015 to 2020. In this region, the fast-growing economies and increasing consumer expenditure are the key growth drivers. https://www.marketstudyreport.com/reports/asia-pacific-market-for-chemicals-in-cosmetics-and-toiletries-growth-trends-and-forecasts-2015-2020/ Global Deodorant Market 2016-2020 Deodorants and antiperspirants are in high demand in developed regions such as the Americas and Western Europe. With consumers there increasingly opting for products that contain natural ingredients, manufacturers have been reformulating their products to cater to this requirement. The growing implementation of daily grooming routines among teenagers and white collar professionals is also contributing to the sale of deodorant products. https://www.marketstudyreport.com/reports/global-deodorant-market-2016-2020/ About Us: Centralize market research purchases across your entire organization in one place.Marketstudyreport.com allows you to manage and control all corporate research purchases to consolidate billing and vendor management. You can eliminate duplicate purchases and customize your content and license management. Contact Us: Market Study Report The Green Suite #4594, Dover, DE 19901 United States Phone: 1-201-355-0868 US Toll Free: 1-866-764-2150 Email: sales@marketstudyreport.com Website: https://www.marketstudyreport.com Connect with us: Google+ | LinkedIn | Twitter CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews Tagsdata, Deodorants and Antiperspirants, Deodorants and Antiperspirants Industry, Deodorants and Antiperspirants Market, Forecast, Global Deodorants and Antiperspirants Market, growth, Share, Size Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Synovus to Announce Fourth Quarter 2016 Results on January 17, 2017 Next PostNext Synovus Announces Quarterly Dividend for Series C Preferred Stock Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts Sammy Networks annonce la sortie de « Ramen Soul », la version anglaise de son populaire jeu de gestion de restaurant de nouilles ramen pour smartphone, « Ramen Tamashii », téléchargé plus de cinq millions de fois January 16, 2017 Sammy Networks comienza a distribuir el “Ramen Soul”, la versión en inglés de su popular juego de gestión de restaurantes de ramen, “Ramen Tamashii” para teléfonos inteligentes que ya lleva más de 5 millones de descargas January 16, 2017 San Francisco Certified Auto Body Shop Collision Repair Service Update Launched January 16, 2017 Staten Island Magician Ventriloquist Birthday Party Magic Show Services Launched January 16, 2017 Chinas Entertainment-Tycoon Wang Jianlin zeigt, dass sein Rockstartalent zur Unternehmenstransformation der Wanda Group in Richtung Unterhaltung, Tourismus und Sport passt January 16, 2017 The Pat Summitt Clinic to Advance Alzheimer’s Care; Honor Legendary Coach January 16, 2017 Minister Dominic LeBlanc’s statement regarding the vessel ARCA 1 January 16, 2017 MYANMAR PHARMA: MiTA Myanmar Pharma Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 January 16, 2017 Mobissue Flipbook Software: Safer and More Secure Digital Publishing Solution January 16, 2017 Mobissue Flipbook Software: Safer and More Secure Digital Publishing Solution January 16, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Investing Trading Strategies0 Why Sears Is Still the Most Dangerous Stock on Wall Street Trading Strategies0 Part Two: Big Changes Will Produce Big Profits for Savvy Investors 0 2017: Big Changes Will Produce Big Profits for Savvy Investors 0 Know Exactly What to Buy, What to Sell, and How to Protect Your Money in 2017 Wall Street2 Five "Outrageous" Profit Plays We'll Make in 2017 0 Five of My Most "Outrageous" Profit Plays in 2017 Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Investing Ideas0 Readers' Questions That I Couldn't Help but Answer Investing Ideas0 Why Trump's Deregulation Domino Effect Could Have a Huge Impact on Your Investment Future 1 Our Biggest New Year's Fears… and Why We'll Be Fine Wall Street3 These Five Steps Can Fix America's Markets for Everyone in 2017 0 Market Outlook 2017: Where to Invest – and What to Avoid – in the New Year 0 How You Can Profit from Trump's Energy Deregulation Agenda Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Global Markets0 Two Ways the Government Is Lying to You Right Now 0 Don't Throw Money at This Piece of Garbage Trading Strategies1 My 2017 Stock Outlook Offers Something You Won't Get Anywhere Else 0 This Investment Strategy Is Completely Driven By Fake News (And It's A Real Danger) 0 My Full 2017 Market Forecast 0 My 2016 Report Card (The Good, The Bad and The Ugly) Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Options0 The One Reason Faraday Will Not Become the Next Tesla Options0 Avoid the Most Dangerous Inauguration "Advice" Trending Right Now 0 Four Ways Trump Will Move the Stock Market Starting Jan. 20 Trading Strategies0 The Money Calendar Shows Some Market Chop in 2017 0 This "New Year's Resolution" Could Double Your Income by February 1 0 The Three "New Year" Trading Tips You Need to Know Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Technology0 Marijuana Investing Will Still Produce Big Profits in 2017 0 Don't Even Think About These "Tech Turkeys" of 2017 0 Despite What This "King" Says, Trump's Plan Will Inflate These Tech Plays Stocks2 Don't Worry: Marijuana Investing in 2017 Will Be Even Better Than 2016 1 These Tech Plays Are "Ready for Prime Time" in 2017 0 This Year's Hottest Toy Is Full of AI Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Oil0 The Little-Known Energy Sector That's Now in Trump's Crosshairs 0 Exactly How Rising U.S. Production Is Affecting You 0 How Trump's Exxon Pick Is Changing Global Oil Markets 0 Why Iran's New Oil Contract Won't Change a Thing Oil1 Your 2017 Oil Price Forecast Energy0 Why I'm Paying Close Attention to the Looming UK Blackout Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close LoginMy Member Benefitsarchivesresearchyour teamabout usFAQLog out Share This Article Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Reddit Print Email Pinterest Delicious StumbleUpon Gmail Yahoo Tumblr Digg Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor These 12 Moves Will Save Your (Financial) Life In a talk earlier this week, I urged you to make 2017 the best year possible. And I promised to help you along that journey. Full Story This is premium content for paid-up Private Briefing subscribers only. How would you like to put an extra $125,000 in your nest egg? You can potentially do it this year - and you'll only have to risk $20 to learn how. Click here. Our FlagshipMoney Morning Michael A. Robinson'sStrategic Tech Investor Shah Gilani'sWall Street Insights & Indictments Access YourProfit Alerts Keith Fitz-Gerald'sTotal Wealth Dr. Kent Moors'Oil & Energy Investor Tom Gentile'sPower Profit Trades Michael Lewitt's Sure Money Research ServicesMoney Map Press Archives Research Your Team About Us FAQ Videos Login to My Account Visit Money Map Press Forget your password? Not a member? Investing Trading Strategies0 Why Sears Is Still the Most Dangerous Stock on Wall Street Trading Strategies0 Part Two: Big Changes Will Produce Big Profits for Savvy Investors 0 2017: Big Changes Will Produce Big Profits for Savvy Investors 0 Know Exactly What to Buy, What to Sell, and How to Protect Your Money in 2017 Wall Street2 Five "Outrageous" Profit Plays We'll Make in 2017 0 Five of My Most "Outrageous" Profit Plays in 2017 Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Investing Ideas0 Readers' Questions That I Couldn't Help but Answer Investing Ideas0 Why Trump's Deregulation Domino Effect Could Have a Huge Impact on Your Investment Future 1 Our Biggest New Year's Fears… and Why We'll Be Fine Wall Street3 These Five Steps Can Fix America's Markets for Everyone in 2017 0 Market Outlook 2017: Where to Invest – and What to Avoid – in the New Year 0 How You Can Profit from Trump's Energy Deregulation Agenda Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Global Markets0 Two Ways the Government Is Lying to You Right Now 0 Don't Throw Money at This Piece of Garbage Trading Strategies1 My 2017 Stock Outlook Offers Something You Won't Get Anywhere Else 0 This Investment Strategy Is Completely Driven By Fake News (And It's A Real Danger) 0 My Full 2017 Market Forecast 0 My 2016 Report Card (The Good, The Bad and The Ugly) Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Options0 The One Reason Faraday Will Not Become the Next Tesla Options0 Avoid the Most Dangerous Inauguration "Advice" Trending Right Now 0 Four Ways Trump Will Move the Stock Market Starting Jan. 20 Trading Strategies0 The Money Calendar Shows Some Market Chop in 2017 0 This "New Year's Resolution" Could Double Your Income by February 1 0 The Three "New Year" Trading Tips You Need to Know Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Technology0 Marijuana Investing Will Still Produce Big Profits in 2017 0 Don't Even Think About These "Tech Turkeys" of 2017 0 Despite What This "King" Says, Trump's Plan Will Inflate These Tech Plays Stocks2 Don't Worry: Marijuana Investing in 2017 Will Be Even Better Than 2016 1 These Tech Plays Are "Ready for Prime Time" in 2017 0 This Year's Hottest Toy Is Full of AI Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Oil0 The Little-Known Energy Sector That's Now in Trump's Crosshairs 0 Exactly How Rising U.S. Production Is Affecting You 0 How Trump's Exxon Pick Is Changing Global Oil Markets 0 Why Iran's New Oil Contract Won't Change a Thing Oil1 Your 2017 Oil Price Forecast Energy0 Why I'm Paying Close Attention to the Looming UK Blackout Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close HOME Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: One Simple Way to Turn $5,000… into $1 Million a Year Message: URL: http://mney.co/1U4EkBz 5  −   =  zero Required Please enter the correct value. Share Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: One Simple Way to Turn $5,000… into $1 Million a Year Message: URL: http://mney.co/1U4EkBz 4  +  6  =  Required Please enter the correct value. get daily headlines subscribe now! today's private briefing Twitter Trading Strategies3 responses One Simple Way to Turn $5,000… into $1 Million a Year Editor's Note: Bill is one of the world's best stock-pickers, but he's a shrewd investing strategist, too. He shared this deceptively simple, low-cost tactic with his paid-up Private Briefing readers recently, and the response was so good we wanted to share this, the perfect investing plan for these markets, with everyone. Here's Bill... By William Patalon III, Executive Editor, Money Morning • June 10, 2016 View Comments Start the conversation Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website 2  ×   =  ten Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter William Patalon III Last month, I showed you how to get started and become fully invested – for life – with as little as $1,000, and then I showed you how you can do even better with only $5,000. We've seen that simply getting into the market can be the most important investment decision you'll ever make. So today I want to show you an investment tactic that's going to get you into "primo" stocks… without having to pay primo prices. And even better, you'll never have to deal with a single broker (who'll charge you primo prices). And best of all, these stocks, and the plan I'm going to show you to use with them, are going to boost your income like nothing else in this market will… The Most Powerful Wealth Builders Available I'm talking about DRIPs – or dividend reinvestment plans. Now, that might sound like a leaky faucet, but they're actually a great way to turn a small amount of money into the sort of retirement-boosting savings you've always longed for. You see, one of the lessons I've learned about this business over the years is that there's no better way to grow real wealth than to systematically invest in high-quality stocks – and hold on for the long haul. That's why DRIPs are such powerful wealth-builders. Don't let the name fool you – DRIPs go way beyond the average dividend-paying stock purchase. The real beauty comes from the added perks. By plowing your dividends back into more shares, DRIPs make it easy to harness the power of "compounding" – taking a smidgeon of capital and putting it to work. So I've put together a list of five DRIP stocks that will kick-start your long-term wealth for pennies on the dollar. But before I show you how DRIP investing can turbocharge your wealth down the road, let's take a look at how this wealth-building strategy works. It's extremely simple… DRIPs 101: Building Wealth One Share at a Time DRIP investing is an easy way for investors to get started buying shares in one company at a time by allowing them to invest directly in that company instead of through a traditional or online broker. For first-time investors who may be timid about getting into the market, DRIP stocks can be a great learning tool. The best DRIP programs are often offered by companies with strong dividend payout histories – the ones that cater to long-term investors who tend to stick with stocks. Most DRIPs let investors reinvest all dividends into more shares of a company, at little or no cost. This is crucial. Let's say you're able to invest $5,000 per year. Although that doesn't seem like much, thanks to the magic of compounded dividends, that $5,000 annual investment could turn to nearly $5 million over time. Assuming a $100 share price in a given company, if you started out Year One with an investment of 50 shares, by the end of a 30-year period, you'd have a nice nest egg of 49,736 shares worth nearly $5 million. Even better, at Year 31, those shares would be throwing off more than $910,000 in cash dividends every year. For investors without much "seed money," keeping costs to a minimum is crucial. So it's nice to know that when it comes to keeping broker fees and commissions low, it doesn't get much better than DRIPs. DRIP plans provide investors a compelling way to invest amounts as small as $50 to $100 per month free of charge and build positions in high-quality stocks for the long haul. And being in for the long haul is important – these plans are not for quick-draw traders who want to make quick cash in the market. So how do you know if a company offers a DRIP plan? More than 1,100 companies offer DRIPs. To find out if a company offers a DRIP program, all you have to do is check out their website or, if you want a more comprehensive list, go to Computershare. There you'll find A-list names like American Express Co. (NYSE: AXP), Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ), The Coca-Cola Co. (NYSE: KO), and Lockheed Martin Corp. (NYSE: LMT), just to name a few. It's important to remember, especially in volatile times like we've seen in 2016, DRIPs can be a nice way to smooth out purchases. You see, DRIPs take the guessing game out of investing. Here's what I mean… An Easy Way to Do Dollar-Cost Averaging One of the key benefits of DRIPs is that they take emotion out of the equation. Instead of dropping a large sum into a stock all at once and hoping you got a great price, you keep buying the stock on the same date each month, regardless of the price. If the market continues to fall, your average price goes lower. If the market climbs, you started with a nice little discount, and regardless of what the price is today, you'll be coming out ahead down the road. If the price of the stock you're reinvesting in is high, your dividends automatically buy fewer shares. If the price of the stock you're reinvesting in is low, your dividends automatically buy more shares. So you see, by investing in DRIPs, investors can be more aggressive when prices are low and more conservative when they are high. In the long run, your average price will balance itself out. Most companies that offer DRIPs will allow you to buy extra shares directly, again cutting out the broker middleman. If this all sounds familiar, that's because it's not a new idea. Think of your 401(k): a little bit of money gets whisked away to buy shares of different funds each month. Do you miss that money? Probably not. Does it add up over time? You bet it does. The only difference with DRIPs is that you're buying shares and building positions in individual companies. Now that you know a little more about how DRIPs work, let's take a look at five blue-chip companies that every investor should use in their DRIP strategy. DRIP Investment No. 1: Abbott Laboratories As one of the world's largest producers of prescription drugs, diagnostic tests, nutrition and vision care products, Abbott Laboratories (NYSE: ABT) is a pharmaceutical titan. With a market cap of $55 billion, Abbott has consistently raised its dividend for 44 years and serves customers in more than 150 countries. Recently, this 125-year-old firm made headlines when it solidified its bid to acquire device maker St. Jude Medical Inc. in a cash and stock deal valued at $25 billion. Abbott CEO Miles White said on a conference call that St. Jude's "highly competitive" portfolio of devices will help the combined company reduce healthcare costs and improve outcomes for patients. "Together we will compete in nearly every area of the cardiovascular device market," he said. The deal is expected to propel Abbott's cardiovascular device unit to nearly $8.7 billion annually – a market that Abbott estimates will top $30 billion by 2017. Abbott has been in business for more than a century – a testament to its nose for marketing and brand building. DRIP Investment No. 2: Exxon Mobil Corp. Exxon Mobil Corp. (NYSE: XOM), the largest publicly traded oil company on Earth, is also one of the very best DRIP stocks. Despite crude oil's wild ride in 2016, Exxon's stock has held up much better than the rest oil's "Seven Sisters" superpowers. In fact, while Chevron Corp. (NYSE: CVX), BP Plc. (NYSE ADR: BP) and Royal Dutch Shell Plc. (NYSE ADR: RDS.A) have all come under fire from analysts scrutinizing the safety of their dividend, Exxon has gained nearly 23% since the start of the year. That's because this juggernaut has steady refinery and chemicals manufacturing profits that have covered many of the losses from its upstream business. If you want to add Exxon to your DRIP plan today, you can pick this crude oil powerhouse up for 1.5 times sales, allowing you to increasingly claim your stake for a bargain price. The added bonus: The stock is yielding a 3.4% dividend, which Exxon will happily plow back into your DRIP account in the form of brand-new stock purchases, for free every quarter. DRIP Investment No. 3: Proctor & Gamble Co. Founded in 1837, Procter & Gamble Co. (NYSE: PG) is a historic company with more than 178 years of phenomenal sales. With no fewer than 21 brands and sales of over $70 billion annually, products in over 180 countries, and 59 consecutive years of dividend increases, this is a firm all investors should take a look at. Consumers currently buy this home-goods giant's products more than 40 billion times a year. The company's unique growth story stems from its focus on low-tech disposable products – laundry detergent, shampoo, razor blades, toilet paper, toothpaste, and paper towels. In other words, stuff we can't do without. Procter & Gamble supports its portfolio of brands with huge amounts of spending on advertising. Its product lines include Febreze, Crest, Gillette, Head & Shoulders, Downy, Tide, and Pampers. The company spends $8 billion to $9 billion a year on advertising. That buys it tremendous product awareness that smaller competitors simply can't match. The stock currently yields an impressive 3.24% dividend. DRIP Investment No. 4: Becton, Dickinson & Co. In 1897, traveling salesmen Maxwell Becton and Fairleigh Dickinson founded this company. With nearly 30,000 employees and a market cap of $35 billion, Becton, Dickinson & Co. (NYSE: BDX) develops diagnostic and analytic systems (such as blood tests) and cutting-edge bioscience solutions (such as kits for cell analysis). In 1906, Becton Dickinson built its first manufacturing facility in the United States specifically designed for thermometers, hypodermic needles, and syringes. Today, Becton Dickinson is a global company, with about 60% of its more than $10 billion in annual sales coming from outside the United States. The company's competitive advantage lies in its global reach, strong supply lines, and well-established relationships with customers and governments. Becton Dickinson has a long history of innovation. The company's ability to generate revenue from new products and market them through its established distribution network fuels nonstop growth. Becton Dickinson's sales and profits have continued to rise every year, and the firm has increased its dividend payments for 43 consecutive years and now yields 1.72%. DRIP Investment No. 5: Chubb Ltd. Chubb Ltd. (NYSE: CB), one of the oldest insurance companies in North America, is the fifth-largest publicly traded property and casualty insurer in the United States. Founded in 1882, this firm has grown its dividend payments for 33 consecutive years. Chubb sells home, car, business, and supplemental health insurance policies through its network of independent agents and brokers located in North and South America, Australia, Europe, and Asia. The core concept of insurance has not changed much in the last 400 years, and it's not about to change anytime soon. Technology like Big Data only make calculating insurance risks easier. Chubb merged with ACE Ltd. in July 2015, and the two companies agreed to operate under the Chubb name. Combined, the companies, now based in Switzerland, have shareholder equity of nearly $46 billion and cash, investments, and other assets of $150 billion. Chubb distributes its products through 8,000 independent agents and brokers in 120 offices across the United States and in more than 25 countries. Turn on the Faucet and Let It DRIP The bottom line here is that while all investments are subject to risk, investing in a solid DRIP program has historically been a recipe for success. And it's one more "getting started" investing tactic you can add to the ones I've been sharing with you since March. Don't forget that a DRIP account requires a little legwork on your part. Make sure you research every company that you want to invest in before you buy. But for those who are willing to play the long game, DRIPs could be your ticket to lifelong wealth. Follow Bill on Facebook and Twitter. More from Bill: A tiny lab trading for around $5 just had one of the greatest months in medical history. Within weeks, they inked four major deals with national healthcare providers to roll out its life-saving new technology that could revolutionize medicine – by detecting diseases like cancer weeks, months, even years in advance. Analysts project a 4,709% revenue surge. Full story here.  Join the conversation. Click here to jump to comments… William Patalon III About the Author Browse William's articles | View William's research services Before he moved into the investment-research business in 2005, William (Bill) Patalon III spent 22 years as an award-winning financial reporter, columnist, and editor. Today he is the Executive Editor and Senior Research Analyst for Money Morning. With his latest project, Private Briefing, Bill takes you "behind the scenes" of his established investment news website for a closer look at the action. Members get all the expert analysis and exclusive scoops he can't publish... and some of the most valuable picks that turn up in Bill's closed-door sessions with editors and experts. … Read full bio (3) COMMENTS (0) FACEBOOK COMMENTS TAGS Tags: trading strategy Manian Bala | June 12, 2016 How to find out about DRIP plans? Reply doug | June 19, 2016 what criteria does one use to achieve those gains….i have tried many many different scenarios and cannot come close to your drip numbers thx in advance doug Reply Anthony | January 2, 2017 Hi we will see what 2017 will achieve. Reply Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website  ×  1  =  4 Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor TODAY'S INSIGHT These 12 Moves Will Save Your (Financial) Life Forget your password? Not a member? Expert Content Articles By Keith Fitz-Gerald Trading StrategiesWhy Sears Is Still the Most Dangerous Stock on Wall Street Trading StrategiesPart Two: Big Changes Will Produce Big Profits for Savvy Investors trading strategies2017: Big Changes Will Produce Big Profits for Savvy Investors TechnologyMarijuana Investing Will Still Produce Big Profits in 2017 Technology ArticleDon't Even Think About These "Tech Turkeys" of 2017 Technology ArticleDespite What This "King" Says, Trump's Plan Will Inflate These Tech Plays Investing IdeasReaders' Questions That I Couldn't Help but Answer Investing IdeasWhy Trump's Deregulation Domino Effect Could Have a Huge Impact on Your Investment Future Investing Ideas1Our Biggest New Year's Fears… and Why We'll Be Fine OilThe Little-Known Energy Sector That's Now in Trump's Crosshairs OilExactly How Rising U.S. Production Is Affecting You OilHow Trump's Exxon Pick Is Changing Global Oil Markets Technology2This “Digital Hostage Crisis” Play Is All Upside Trading Strategies1How to Profit When Company Insiders Buy Their Own Stock Trading StrategiesThese Picks Will Pay You a Different Kind of Dividend Latest News January 15, 2017 By D.R. Barton, Jr. Leave a Comment Meet the New Box, Same as the Old Box January 13, 2017 By Casey Wilson Leave a Comment What’s Happening to U.S. Companies? A Look at 2017’s Mass Layoffs January 13, 2017 By Garrett Baldwin Leave a Comment Dow Jones Industrial Average Today Slides Despite Positive Round of Banking Earnings Reports Trending Posts 6960 Reads 111 Likes A List of Marijuana Stocks to Watch in 2017 3578 Reads 49 Likes Outlook: Gold and Silver Investors Will Look Mighty Smart in 2017 2016 was a bit of a letdown for gold and silver investors, but the bottom is in, the correction is over, and Peter's 2017 gold and silver price targets look very bullish. Today's Markets DJIA -5.27 (0.03%) 19,885.73 NASDAQ 26.63 (0.48%) 5,574.12 S&P 4.20 (0.18%) 2,274.64 AXP 0.26 (0.34%) 76.62 JNJ 0.02 (0.02%) 114.60 KO 0.07 (0.17%) 40.88 LMT 1.91 (0.76%) 254.53 ABT 0.21 (0.52%) 40.93 ABOUT MONEY MORNING Money Morning gives you access to a team of ten market experts with more than 250 years of combined investing experience – for free. Our experts – who have appeared on FOXBusiness, CNBC, NPR, and BloombergTV – deliver daily investing tips and stock picks, provide analysis with actions to take, and answer your biggest market questions. Our goal is to help our millions of e-newsletter subscribers and Moneymorning.com visitors become smarter, more confident investors. QUICK LINKS About Us How Money Morning Works FAQs Contact Us Search Article Archive Forgot Username/Password Login to Private Briefing FREE NEWSLETTERS Strategic Tech Investor Oil & Energy Investor Total Wealth Research Wall Street Insights & Indictments Power Profit Trades Sure Money Investor PREMIUM SERVICES Money Map Press Home Money Map Report Energy Advantage Nova-X Report Private BriefingEnergy Inner Circle High Velocity Profits Biotech Insider Alert Capital Wave Forecast Radical Technology Profits Stealth Profits Trader Short-Side Fortunes The Delta Factor Money Calendar Alert Weekly Cash Clock Zenith Trading Circle Get In Touch Like Our Page Follow Us © 2017 Money Morning All Rights Reserved. Protected by copyright of the United States and international treaties. Any reproduction, copying, or redistribution (electronic or otherwise, including the world wide web), of content from this webpage, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Money Morning. Address: 16 W. Madison St. Baltimore, MD, 21201 | Phone: 888.384.8339 I Disclaimer | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Whitelist Us
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contests Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Best of Wiregrass Bridal Extravaganza Calendar of Events Durden Traffic Cams Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Yardsale Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Title: Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Manage Subscriptions January 15, 2017 64° Dothan, AL (36303) Today Skies clearing overnight. Tonight Cloudy skies this evening will become partly cloudy after midnight. Low 53F. Winds light and variable. Updated: January 15, 2017 @ 8:53 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation Contests Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Best of Wiregrass Add your listing Bridal Extravaganza Calendar of Events Durden Traffic Cams Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Yardsale Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Title: Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local AP Tampa Bay homes values soared in 2016 but so did rents Jan 3, 2017 (…) TAMPA, Fla. (AP) — The total value of the Tampa Bay area's housing stock soared 10.3 percent in 2016, nearly twice as much than the nation as a whole, according to a new report from Zillow. The Tampa Bay Times reports (http://bit.ly/2hKnsmB) that dollar-wise, bay-area homes collectively exceed the market value of such giants as Bank of America, Procter & Gamble, Disney and Coca-Cola. If they all sold tomorrow, they'd bring in more money than the annual revenues of every Fortune 500 company except Walmart. On the downside, Tampa Bay housing values still haven't returned to pre-crash levels. And in another sign of the lingering effects of the foreclosure crisis, the large number of bay area residents who lease rather than own is spurring a hefty increase in rental rates. ___ Information from: Tampa Bay Times (St. Petersburg, Fla.), http://www.tampabay.com. Tags General News Locations Tampa St. Petersburg Florida United States North America Popular A frank discussion Dothan photographer faces 186 child porn possession charges Josh Parrish hired as Northview head football coach 25th anniversary of the Troy Trojans basketball team scoring a record-setting 258 points Ex-Elba QB Johnson fulfills dream with Tide Lopez, Melinda Traylor Renaissance Faire coming to Enterprise Dothan man describes Fort Lauderdale airport shooting: 'That could have been me' Bethel Baptist Church to open private academy in east Dothan Fort Rucker flight training contract could be worth $450 million for CAE USA Videos Featured Businesses The Slice Pizza and More 1574 S Eufaula Ave, Eufaula, AL 36027 334-687-8007 Bryant's Outdoor Equipment 2200 S Brannon Stand Rd, Dothan, AL 36305 334-794-4419 All Metal Building Systems 409 S Broad St, Cowarts, AL 36321 800-440-1307 Stokes Floor Covering 4064 Ross Clark Cir , Dothan, AL 36330 334-635-0874 Miracle-Ear of Dothan - Southern Hearing 4440 W Main St, Ste 3, Dothan, AL 36305 334-377-4065 Currently Open KT's Tavern 168 S Foster St, Dothan, AL 36301 Bama Rv 5386 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-678-9510 Derrel's Sewing & Vacuum Center | Parts | Repair | Dothan 2507 Montgomery Highway, Dothan, AL 36303 334-794-0824 Contests Bridal Extravaganza Ticket Giveaway Subscriber Services Dothan Eagle Subscriber Services e-Edition online Subscriber log-in Demo ePaper Print edition Subscribe for delivery Manage subscription Sections News Sports Lifestyles Obituaries Photos Weather Services Contact Us Subscription Rates Submission Forms Newspapers Enterprise Ledger Jackson Co. Floridan Eufaula Tribune Army Flier Contact Information dothaneagle.com 227 N. Oates Street Dothan, AL 36303 Phone: 334-792-3141 Email: webmaster@dothaneagle.com Follow Us Dothan Eagle, Dothan AL ©2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Rentals Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com News January 3, 2017 4:06 AM Tampa Bay homes values soared in 2016 but so did rents The Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story TAMPA, Fla. The total value of the Tampa Bay area's housing stock soared 10.3 percent in 2016, nearly twice as much than the nation as a whole, according to a new report from Zillow. The Tampa Bay Times reports (http://bit.ly/2hKnsmB) that dollar-wise, bay-area homes collectively exceed the market value of such giants as Bank of America, Procter & Gamble, Disney and Coca-Cola. If they all sold tomorrow, they'd bring in more money than the annual revenues of every Fortune 500 company except Walmart. On the downside, Tampa Bay housing values still haven't returned to pre-crash levels. And in another sign of the lingering effects of the foreclosure crisis, the large number of bay area residents who lease rather than own is spurring a hefty increase in rental rates. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story News Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:29 Flowers, tears for shooting victims Pause 0:27 Video shows chaotic scene at baggage claim at FLL (Graphic Content) 1:38 The last of the circus elephants 1:32 Cuban refugees in makeshift boat land in Florida Keys, are greeted with hugs 2:41 Crowds gather outside of Versailles restaurant in Miami to celebrate the death of Cuban leader Fidel Castro 0:30 Former Opa Locka commissioner Santiago leaves federal court 2:11 Jimmy Fallon describes how he is preparing to host the Golden Globe Awards 5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide 1:01 Cubans stuck in Mexico cling to hope of entering U.S. 0:49 Donald Trump's thoughts on the 'wet foot, dry foot' policy Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 5 hours ago The last day of the circus in Miami 1:39 5 hours ago The last day of the circus in Miami 1:11 2 days ago Relatives wait anxiously to see if Cuban loved ones make it into U.S. 1:01 2 days ago Cubans stuck in Mexico cling to hope of entering U.S. View more video News How developers are redesigning Miami, 9 acres at a time Quick end to Cubans’ asylum claim; now they’re hoping for Trump to act Used toilet paper is dumped in lot, and a city is trying to unravel the mystery ATV rider killed in expressway crash a day before hundreds expected for MLK Day ride CEOs discuss their resolutions for the New Year Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > 360MarketUpdates Tweet   Electric Toothbrush Market: Study Applications, Types and Market Analysis including Growth, Trends and Forecasts to 2021 Electric Toothbrush Market analysis is provided for global market including development trends by regions, competitive analysis of the Electric Toothbrush market.   Electric Toothbrush Market (EMAILWIRE.COM, January 03, 2017 ) Electric Toothbrush Industry report focuses on the major drivers and restraints for the key players. An electric toothbrush is a toothbrush that makes rapid, automatic bristle motions, either back-and-forth oscillation or rotation-oscillation (where the brush head alternates clockwise and counterclockwise rotation), in order to clean teeth. Get Sample PDF of Electric Toothbrush Market Report @ <||>rnhttp://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10255991 Electric Toothbrush Market Segment by Manufacturers, this report covers · Philips Sonicare · Oral-B(P & G) · Panasonic · Omron Healthcare · Colgate-Palmolive · FOREO · Wellness Oral Care and many more Electric Toothbrush Market Segment by Regions, regional analysis covers · North America (USA, Canada and Mexico) · Europe (Germany, France, UK, Russia and Italy) · Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India and Southeast Asia) · Latin America, Middle and Africa Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Electric Toothbrush Market Research Report @ http://360marketupdates.com/10255991 Scope of the Report: This report focuses on the Electric Toothbrush in Global market, especially in North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific, Latin America, Middle East and Africa. This report categorizes the market based on manufacturers, regions, type and application. Electric Toothbrush Market Segment by Type, covers · Rechargeables · Battery Electric Toothbrush Market Segment by Applications, can be divided into · Adults · Children Ask for Discount @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-discount/10255991 Key questions answered in the report: ·What will the market growth rate of Electric Toothbrush market in 2020? ·What are the key factors driving the global Electric Toothbrush market? ·What are sales, revenue, and price analysis of top manufacturers of Electric Toothbrush market? ·Who are the distributors, traders and dealers of Electric Toothbrush market? ·Who are the key vendors in Electric Toothbrush market space? ·What are the Electric Toothbrush market opportunities and threats faced by the vendors in the global Electric Toothbrush market? ·What are sales, revenue, and price analysis by types, application and regions of Electric Toothbrush market? ·What are the market opportunities, market risk and market overview of the Electric Toothbrush market? No. of Report pages: 113 Price of Report: $ 3480 (Single User Licence) Purchase Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/purchase/10255991 About 360 Market Updates: 360 Market Updates is the credible source for gaining the market research reports that will exponentially accelerate your business. We are among the leading report resellers in the business world committed towards optimizing your business. The reports we provide are based on a research that covers a magnitude of factors such as technological evolution, economic shifts and a detailed study of market segments. Contact Information: 360MarketUpdates Ameya Pingaley Tel: +1 408 520 9750 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 January 20173 January 2017 by Plant-based Plastic Packaging Market – An Insight On The Important Factors And Trends Influencing The Market In the age of green chemistry, plant-based plastic packaging is one of the greatest milestones ever discovered. Nevertheless, many private companies and government agencies have been working on research and development to make plan-based plastics packaging more established. Plant-based plastic are made from agricultural waste, sugar cane, switch grass or grasses and corn. Moreover, manufacturers are using plant-based oil in plant-based plastic packaging for processing plastic instead of using petrochemicals in order to make it more environmental friendly. Get Sample Report Copy: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Plant-based plastic packaging helps to reduce greenhouse gases by up to 35% and takes up to 36% less energy to make as compared to conventional plastic packages. Several products are being launched in the global plant-based plastic packaging market. For instance, in April 2011, P&G (currently acquired by Coty Inc.) introduced its range of shampoos under the brand name Pantene rapped with plant-based plastic packaging. Coca Cola Company is another example of switching to plant-based plastic packing from traditional packaging. The company is focused to convert all the Coca Cola packaging made of plant-based by 2020 as per its green initiative plan. Nevertheless, AT&T uses packaging that contains 30% plant-based materials sourced from sugarcane ethanol. Also, partnerships ramp up in the global plant-based plastic packaging market to meet the increasing demand for plant-based plastics packaging from the end user industries. For instance, in August 2016, Canada-based Solegear Bioplastic Technologies Inc. and r-pac International, a leading global supplier of retail packaging introduced plant-based packaging for leading smartphone case. Plant-based plastic packaging costs six to seven times more than conventional plastics. Plant-based Plastic Packaging – Market Segmentation: On the basis of materials plant-based plastic packaging market is segmented into Bio-PET Bio-PE PHA Starch Blends Polyesters PLA Others Based on application plant-based plastic packaging market is segmented into Rigid Packaging Flexible Packaging On the basis of end user compostable packaging materials market is segmented Food & Beverage Automotive Transport Others Plant-based Plastic Packaging – Regional Outlook: Geographically, the market is segmented into North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific and MEA. North America is projected to be the highest revenue generating segment in the global plant-based plastic packaging market followed by Europe during the forecast period 2016-2024. North American plant-based plastic regulations for the North American manufactures and increasing adoption of plant-based plastic packaging in the U.S. are the key factors responsible for the growth of plant-based plastic packaging industry in North America. North America is expected to be the fastest growing market and is expected to grow at double digit CAGR during the forecast period 2016-2024 attributable to the increasing size and high market share investments made by the global giants in the region. Currently, North America and Europe together holds more than half of the market share in the global plant-based plastic packaging market in terms of value. Where in Europe, countries such as EU4 and U.K. generates significant demand for plant-based plastic packaging in the market. Asia Pacific region is anticipated to be one of the fastest growing markets for plant-based plastic packing market in terms of value. Plant-based Plastic Packaging – Market Dynamics: Biodegradable nature of these plastics is expected to be the major factor driving the demand for plant-based plastic packaging market in the forecast period. Also, huge demand generated from giant end user companies including Coca-Cola Co., Ford Motor Co., H.J. Heinz Co. and Nike Inc. is another driving factor for the global plant-based plastic packaging market to increase the revenue. High cost of plant-based plastic packaging among the small and medium size enterprises, creates restraints to generate more revenue in the global plant-based plastic packaging market. However, with the technological advancement, quality of plant-based plastic packaging has been improving gradually. Consequently it generates more demand from the end user industries and may create a lucrative opportunity for the global plant-based plastic packaging market. Plant-based Plastic Packaging – Major Players: Some of the major players identified across the globe in the compostable packaging materials market are Solegear Bioplastic Technologies Inc., Clear Lam Packaging Inc, Solegear Bioplastic Technologies Inc. and r-pac International. About TMR TMR is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Contact TMR 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. Tagscompany, intelligence, major, private Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Milk Packaging Market is Expected to Witness Upward Development During the Forecast Period 2016-2024 Next PostNext Boxboard Cartons Market – Top Vendors(Grief Inc., National Packaging Company, R Howard Ltd, Packwell D&S Ltd) Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts Sammy Networks comienza a distribuir el “Ramen Soul”, la versión en inglés de su popular juego de gestión de restaurantes de ramen, “Ramen Tamashii” para teléfonos inteligentes que ya lleva más de 5 millones de descargas 16 January 2017 Sammy Networks annonce la sortie de « Ramen Soul », la version anglaise de son populaire jeu de gestion de restaurant de nouilles ramen pour smartphone, « Ramen Tamashii », téléchargé plus de cinq millions de fois 16 January 2017 The Pat Summitt Clinic to Advance Alzheimer's Care; Honor Legendary Coach 16 January 2017 Minister Dominic LeBlanc's statement regarding the vessel ARCA 1 16 January 2017 MYANMAR PHARMA: MiTA Myanmar Pharma Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 16 January 2017 MYANMAR RENEWABLE ENERGY: MiTA Myanmar Solar Energy Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 16 January 2017 Mobissue Flipbook Software: Safer and More Secure Digital Publishing Solution 16 January 2017 Китайский магнат Ван Цзяньлинь продемонстрировал свои таланты рок-исполнителя в духе впечатляющей трансформации Wangda Group в развлекательный конгломерат 16 January 2017 Chinas Entertainment-Tycoon Wang Jianlin zeigt, dass sein Rockstartalent zur Unternehmenstransformation der Wanda Group in Richtung Unterhaltung, Tourismus und Sport passt 16 January 2017 Washington University in St. Louis to Host Major Forum on Aging; Gathering in Shanghai Brings Together Greater China University Research Partners to Address Unprecedented Global Social Challenge 16 January 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
msn back to msn home news web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines India Science & Tech Crime World Offbeat Photos Video War On Black Money Hot In News UP Polls 2017 Specials Local My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health Food Travel Autos Video News Sections India World Science & Tech Photos My Topics Local Patanjali biggest disruptive force in FMCG space, says report India Today 03-01-2017 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Jammu and Kashmir: Encounter underway between security forces and terrorists in Anantnag's Awoora village Serial rapist held after 13 years Patanjali Ayurved, the FMCG venture promoted by yoga guru Ramdev, was the biggest disruptive force in India's fast moving consumer goods (FMCG) market, according to a report. "Patanjali Ayurved has turned out to be the most disruptive force in the Indian FMCG market...it witnessed a whopping annual growth of 146 per cent in fiscal year 2016 grossing a turnover of USD 769 million, whereas its peers including ITC, Dabur, Hindustan Unilever, Colgate?Palmolive and Procter & Gamble struggled to get a growth much less than double digit," said a Assocham TechSci research report. It further said: "Initially, the company focused only on the development of Ayurvedic medicines, but gradually started manufacturing food items and cosmetics...With around 500 products, many of them in FMCG category, the company has significantly increased its market share. Many of its product launches have impacted share of other FMCG companies in that product category."  MORE ON MSN 25 highest paying jobs Top gadgets to watch out for in 2017 YOU MAY ALSO LIKE Best-looking phones you've always wanted to own 19 ultimate status symbols of the super-rich According to the report, some of Patanjali Ayurveds brands which have eaten into the market share of established firms include Dant Kanti, Atta noodles and Kesh Kanti.  Acharya Bal Krishna, a close disciple of Baba Ramdev,owns close to 94 per cent Patanjali Ayurved . Rest of the small holdings are dispersed among a small group of individuals. ALSO SEE: Interesting facts about the rupee Full Screen 1/25 SLIDES © AFP Photos In November 1994, printing of Re 1 note was stopped mainly due to higher cost and for freeing capacity to print currency notes of higher denomination. After a gap of over 20 years, Re 1 note has been released in the country. Let's get to know our currency better. Here are some of the most amazing, lesser-known facts about the Indian rupee: 2/25 SLIDES © REUTERS/Anindito Mukherjee 1) First paper currency The process of issuing paper currency started in the 18th century. Private banks like Bank of Hindustan, Bank of Bengal, the Bank of Bombay, and the Bank of Madras were among the first to print paper money.  It was only after the Paper Currency Act of 1861 that the government of India was given the monopoly to print currency. (Image: One of the first Indian bank one rupee note printed in 1917) 3/25 SLIDES © RBI site 2) The highest denomination note ever printed by the RBI was the Rs 10,000 note in 1938 and again in 1954. These notes were demonetized in 1946 and again in 1978. 4/25 SLIDES © RBI 3) The RBI can issue banknotes in the denominations of 5000 and 10,000, or any other denomination that the Central Government may specify. But, there can't be banknotes in denominations higher than 10,000 as per the current provisions of the RBI Act, 1934. 5/25 SLIDES © REX Features 4) What's the rupee made of? Not paper! Your currency is composed of cotton and cotton rag. 6/25 SLIDES © Samuel Bourne/Spencer Arnold/Hulton Archive/Getty Images 5) Commemorative coins in India have been issued on various occasions. The first 75 rupee coin was issued in 2010 to celebrate 75 years of Reserve Bank of India. In 2011, 150 rupee coins were issued to commemorate the 150th birth anniversary of Rabindranath Tagore.   The first 1000 rupee coin was announced in 2012, issued to commemorate the 1000 years of Brihadeeswarar temple in Thanjavur, Tamil Nadu. 7/25 SLIDES © AP Photo/Bikas Das 6) Coins can be issued up to the denomination of Rs. 1000 as per Coinage Act, 2011. 8/25 SLIDES © AP Photo/Ajit Solanki 7) 15 languages appear in the language panel of banknotes in addition to Hindi prominently displayed in the centre of the note and English on the reverse of the banknote. 9/25 SLIDES © AP Photo 8) Rupee symbol In 2010, rupee got a new symbol ₹, designed by D.Udaya Kumar. The symbol was derived from Devanagari letter "र" (ra) and is a combination of the Latin letter 'R' and Devanagari letter 'र'. The parallel line in the symbol is drawn to make it look like the tricolor of the Indian national flag. 10/25 SLIDES   9) For the visually impaired There is an identification mark (different geometrical shapes) on the left hand side of each note in the form of raised print (intaglio) - a diamond for Rs 1000, circle for Rs 500, triangle for Rs 100, square for Rs 50, rectangle for Rs 20 and none for Rs 10 - to help the visually impaired identify the denomination.  11/25 SLIDES © AP Photo/Bikas Das 10) Mystery of the vanishing rupee In 2007, an acute shortage of coins gripped the eastern Indian city of Calcutta, which saw shopkeepers begging change from beggars and buying coins at prices above their face value. (Image: A woman selling stacks of 100 rupee coins (USD$ 2.5) for 120 rupees (UDS$ 3), counts notes at a bus stand in Calcutta, India Friday, June 15, 2007) 12/25 SLIDES   11) When Re 1 coin was worth Rs 5 One reason cited for this acute shortage in Calcutta was: coins being melted down and smuggled to Bangladesh where they were turned into razor blades, ornaments, fountain pen nibs, metal idols. The one rupee coin was actually worth Rs 35, for every single rupee coin was being melted into 5-7 blades, as per new reports. 13/25 SLIDES © Sanjit Das/Bloomberg 12) Cardboard tokens as coins To counter the coin shortage in the East, workers in tea gardens in states bordering Bangladesh, were encouraged by the owners to accept brown-coloured cardboard tokens instead of the metallic coins. The cardboard tokens were made of the same size as the coins they meant to represent, with similar values marked on them.  14/25 SLIDES © AP Photo 13) Rupee vs dollar in 1947 The 'fact' that had been floating around that the rupee was equal to a US dollar in 1947 is but a myth. At the time of independence (and till 1966), India’s currency was pegged to British pound, (and the exchange rate was Rs 13.33 to the pound). The pound itself was pegged to $4.03. That means, the $ to INR rate would be somewhere around Rs 4. 15/25 SLIDES © Adeel Halim/Bloomberg 14) Notes are printed at four printing presses located at Nashik, Dewas, Mysore and Salboni. Coins are minted at the four mints at Mumbai, Noida, Kolkata and Hyderabad. 16/25 SLIDES © Adeel Halim/Bloomberg 15) Each mint carries its unique identifier shape/sign at the bottom of the coin (beneath the year). Delhi mint - dot Mumbai mint - diamond Hyderabad mint - star Kolkata mint - No mint mark 17/25 SLIDES © RBI 16) A rare 5-rupee note, dated January 5, 1916, issued by the Government of India in Karachi was sold for £3,100 ($5,297 U.S.) in a London auction conducted by Spink last year. (Source: Spink) Karachi was then part of India, until 1947. 18/25 SLIDES © ANINDITO MUKHERJEE/epa/Corbi 17) During the British rule, and the first decade of independence, the rupee was divided into 16 annas. Each anna was subdivided into 4 paisas. In 1957, decimalisation occurred and the rupee was divided into 100 naye paise (Hindi/Urdu for new paisas). After a few years, the initial "naye" was dropped. 19/25 SLIDES © RBI 18) The Rs 5-note was the first paper currency issued by RBI in January 1938. It had the portrait of King George VI. 20/25 SLIDES © REUTERS/Anindito Mukherjee 19) Initially, Pakistan used British Indian coins and notes simply over-stamped with "Pakistan". New coins and banknotes were issued in 1948. 21/25 SLIDES © AP Photo/Biswaranjan Rout 20) The 500 rupee note was introduced in 1987 and 1000 rupee note in 2000. 22/25 SLIDES © Thom Lang/Corbis 21) A one-rupee coin and above can be used to pay/settle any amount or sum. However, a 50 paise coin cannot be used to pay/settle any amount above Rs 10. 23/25 SLIDES © SANJEEV GUPTA/epa/Corbis 22) Ever wondered how the old notes are destroyed? According to the data obtained by RTI activist Manoranjan Roy, 11,661 crore notes lost their usable value (between 2001 and now) and were shredded to bits, to be later balled or gummed together, and be reborn as coasters, paper-weights, pen stands, key chains. In 2010-11 alone, 1,385 crore notes worth Rs 1,78,830 crore were destroyed. 24/25 SLIDES © AP Photo/Rafiq Maqbool 23) In 2013, a Mumbai-based jewelry chain launched Sachin Tendulkar gold and silver coins on the occasion of 'Akshay Tritya.' The cost of a 10-gm was Rs 34,000 (US$620) (Image above) In 2014, Britain’s premium luxury goods brand East India Company issued an exclusive legal tender gold coin worth 12,000 pound sterling (about Rs 12 lakh) in honour of Sachin Tendulkar. 25/25 SLIDES © REX/Courtesy Everett Collection 24) The tooled one rupee coin (with the portrait of King George VI, i.e., the Head on both the sides) in the 1975-cult classic 'Sholay', was bought by a Bollywood fan for Rs 26000 at an auction last year.  25/25 SLIDES The paper said India is also emerging as a strong regional export hub for the domestic and multinational FMCG players leveraging the countrys cost competitivenes. In 2015, the total Indian FMCG market was USD 43 billion of which 60 per cent is concentrated in urban areas while the rest is in the rural areas.  ALSO ON MSN: Patanjali denim? Yoga guru Baba Ramdev to launch Swadeshi jeans soon Replay Video Baba Ramdev calls for boycott of all Chinese goods The yoga guru, Baba Ramdev today praised the Modi government for the surgical strikes and supported the emerging grass roots movement calling for a boycott on all Chinese goods. India Today Karan Johar vs MNS: Fadnavis turns peacemaker The drama over the release of Ae Dil Hai Mushkil has finally ended. CM Devendra Fadnavis brokered peace between the two sides. Raj Thackeray has made 3 demands from the producers including a 5 crore donation from each of them to the martyrs' fund. Smitha Nair Rasquinha gets us this detailed report. News18 Akhilesh Yadav sacks UP film development council chairperson Jaya Prada Akhilesh Yadav in the meeting today morning conveyed that he doesn't want anybody who's close to Amar Singh to remain in the party and staying true to his words, he has sacked the UP film development council chairperson Jaya Prada. India Today SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment More from India Today Finance Ministry finalising fund infusion for PSBs; to exceed Rs 25K cr India Today Demonetisation shows 'boldness' of Modi: France India Today Amazon to hire 100,000 people India Today 8 facts about Chandrasekaran India Today India Today Go to the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Terms of use About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Take MSN survey Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I am already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I am having problems with Top Destinations I am having issues with searching I am having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help and Support If you have any questions about MSN India, please contact our Grievance Officer at indiaGOMSN@microsoft.com | +91-11-46502222
Advertisement Subscribe to Adweek Adweek Blog Network: TVNewser| TVSpy| LostRemote| AgencySpy| PRNewser| SocialTimes| FishbowlNY| FishbowlDC| GalleyCat This Is (Not for) Us Why Fox handed the season's biggest new show to NBC Failing Pile of Garbage BuzzFeed's flash sale of 'garbage' merchandise raises $25,000 for CPJ Subscribe to Adweek Get a full year of print and digital editions for just $69 The Press Television Technology Advertising & Branding Adfreak Video SUBSCRIBE X Magazine Subscription Subscribe to Adweek Magazine and get the iPad edition for free! Subscribe Now Two Women Prep for a Pitch (and Some Casual Sexism) in Secret's Newest 'Stress Test' 'Who coded this?' 'We did.' By Angela Natividad January 4, 2017, 4:00 PM EST It's a new year! And Secret's "Stress Test" is back, this time with a scenario that's all too familiar for agencies, marketers and entrepreneurs. Two ads, directed by Gia Coppola at The Directors Bureau, feature Ash and Emma, whom we meet as they step into an elevator, preparing for a pitch. This plays out in a rapid-fire Q&A, laced with tension, determination and a clear expectation of some sexist pushback: "Site visits?" "1.2 million." "Conversion?" "6.4 percent!" "I doubt you girls could pull that off." "Got the data right here, sir!" "Who came up with this business plan?" "We did." "Who coded this?" "We did." As the elevator rings open, they shoot each other a fiercely proud smile before walking out, heads up, like bosses. The ad concludes, "Ash and Emma's pitch adds two more girls to the boys' club." We meet the pair again in "The Bear." Same elevator, and possibly the same client (or not). This time, the askee in the previous ad has become a cheerleader, pouring pep talk into her colleague as the latter stands braced, arms up and spread to receive the light. "You are a bear. You dominate, you're brilliant, articulate. Yes, those numbers are correct. Yes, those projections are feasible—" Ding! Goes the elevator. "Because you're killing it," she whispers sassily as they step into the lion's den. This ad wraps with, "Major pressure moments need major sweat protection." Like previous "Stress Tests," the work was created by Wieden + Kennedy, which scooped Secret up in 2015 without having to undergo a sweaty review. The campaign kicked off last year with an ad where a young woman asks for a long-overdue raise. On its heels came a classic 'first I love you' (via text, natch), an adorable gender role reversal, and even the quiet tribulations of being a transgender woman. These scenarios aren't unusual in real life, but it's only in the last handful of years that they've been so generously given voice in advertising—let alone by one brand.  A Secret spokeswoman previously told us the campaign seeks to "highlight new roles millennial women are taking on in society," but the brand also hopes to illustrate the particularities of "stress sweat," which P&G claims is biologically different than physically induced sweat. Ash and Emma convey both messages with intimacy, unity and humor. And, like their predecessors, they also make us feel like we're in on something. (A Secret!) In "The Pitch" and "Bear," as in many of the campaign's previous ads, you get the feeling of being an insider, witnessing scenarios that are common—and wryly acknowledged—among women, but little seen nor discussed in mixed company. This is partly because of how insidious bias can be: How do you explain the difference between an all-woman team and a male team slaving day and night over a pitch? Ash and Emma show it with levity—in addition to memorizing site traffic and conversion rates, they've also had to prep for what might be hiding between the lines. CREDITS Client: Secret Agency: Wieden+Kennedy Group Creative Director: Justine Armour Creative Director: Caio Lazzuri Art Director: Danielle Delph Art Director: Johan Arlig Copywriter: Claire Wyckoff Producer: Jessica Staples Producer: Jennifer Hundis Production Company: The Directors Bureau Director: Gia Coppola Director of Photography: Larkin Seiple Executive Producer: Lisa Margulis Executive Producer: Elizabeth Minzes Line Producer: Benjamin Gilovitz Editorial: Final Cut Editor: Paul Zucker Executive Producer: Eric McCasline Head of Production: Suzy Ramirez Assistant Editor: Betty Jo Moore Get the The AdFreak Daily newsletter: Thanks for signing up! Check your inbox for a confirmation email. Topics: Proctor & Gamble, Secret, Wieden + Kennedy, Packaged Goods, Creative, Agency Subscribe to Adweek today. Now on the iPad! 5 1 Email Print Print Print ✕ Close Comments View the discussion thread. Advertisement Featured Jobs Account Director Happy Medium Working from home Social Media Strategist Oceana Washington, D.C. Audience Development Manager LADDERS New York City, New York News Producer News 12 Woodbury, New York Zeppelin Hall Beer Garden Social Media Strategist Grand Street Property Management Downtown Jersey City See More Jobs Recent Posts Can Pizza Hut Outdo Itself With These Sitcom-Style Ads From Viacom? Here's Proof You Can Get Away With Pretty Much Anything in a Radio Ad Here Are Fandango's Picks for the Most Anticipated Movies of 2017 Here's an Ad That Should Inspire Entrepreneurs Everywhere to Get Their Act Together Hyundai Takes Unboxing to a Whole New Level in This British Commercial Colonialism Is a Massive Beach Party in Australia's Latest Epic, Provocative Ad for Lamb This Documentary About Rick Ross Is Actually a Pretty Impressive Ad for Checkers Follow @AdFreak Advertisement About AdFreak AdFreak is a daily blog of the best and worst of creativity in advertising, media, marketing and design. Follow us as we celebrate (and skewer) the latest, greatest, quirkiest and freakiest commercials, promos, trailers, posters, billboards, logos and package designs around. Edited by Adweek's Tim Nudd. Click to Subscribe to AdFreak RSS Contributors Tim Nudd David Gianatasio David Griner Alfred Maskeroni Rebecca Cullers Gabriel Beltrone Roo Ciambriello David Kiefaber Blogroll Adland Adpulp Adrants Ads of the World Agency Spy The Denver Egotist Osocio It's a new year! And Secret's "Stress Test" is back, this time with a scenario that's all too familiar for agencies, marketers and entrepreneurs. Two ads, directed by Gia Coppola at The Directors Bureau, feature Ash and Emma, whom we meet as they step into an elevator, preparing for a pitch. This plays out in a rapid-fire Q&A, laced with tension, determination and a clear expectation of some sexist pushback: "Site visits?" "1.2 million." "Conversion?" "6.4 percent!" "I doubt you girls could pull that off." "Got the data right here, sir!" "Who came up with this business plan?" "We did." "Who coded this?" "We did." As the elevator rings open, they shoot each other a fiercely proud smile before walking out, heads up, like bosses. The ad concludes, "Ash and Emma's pitch adds two more girls to the boys' club." We meet the pair again in "The Bear." Same elevator, and possibly the same client (or not). This time, the askee in the previous ad has become a cheerleader, pouring pep talk into her colleague as the latter stands braced, arms up and spread to receive the light. "You are a bear. You dominate, you're brilliant, articulate. Yes, those numbers are correct. Yes, those projections are feasible—" Ding! Goes the elevator. "Because you're killing it," she whispers sassily as they step into the lion's den. This ad wraps with, "Major pressure moments need major sweat protection." Like previous "Stress Tests," the work was created by Wieden + Kennedy, which scooped Secret up in 2015 without having to undergo a sweaty review. The campaign kicked off last year with an ad where a young woman asks for a long-overdue raise. On its heels came a classic 'first I love you' (via text, natch), an adorable gender role reversal, and even the quiet tribulations of being a transgender woman. These scenarios aren't unusual in real life, but it's only in the last handful of years that they've been so generously given voice in advertising—let alone by one brand.  A Secret spokeswoman previously told us the campaign seeks to "highlight new roles millennial women are taking on in society," but the brand also hopes to illustrate the particularities of "stress sweat," which P&G claims is biologically different than physically induced sweat. Ash and Emma convey both messages with intimacy, unity and humor. And, like their predecessors, they also make us feel like we're in on something. (A Secret!) In "The Pitch" and "Bear," as in many of the campaign's previous ads, you get the feeling of being an insider, witnessing scenarios that are common—and wryly acknowledged—among women, but little seen nor discussed in mixed company. This is partly because of how insidious bias can be: How do you explain the difference between an all-woman team and a male team slaving day and night over a pitch? Ash and Emma show it with levity—in addition to memorizing site traffic and conversion rates, they've also had to prep for what might be hiding between the lines. CREDITS Client: Secret Agency: Wieden+Kennedy Group Creative Director: Justine Armour Creative Director: Caio Lazzuri Art Director: Danielle Delph Art Director: Johan Arlig Copywriter: Claire Wyckoff Producer: Jessica Staples Producer: Jennifer Hundis Production Company: The Directors Bureau Director: Gia Coppola Director of Photography: Larkin Seiple Executive Producer: Lisa Margulis Executive Producer: Elizabeth Minzes Line Producer: Benjamin Gilovitz Editorial: Final Cut Editor: Paul Zucker Executive Producer: Eric McCasline Head of Production: Suzy Ramirez Assistant Editor: Betty Jo Moore Advertisement Terms of use | Privacy Policy ©2017 Adweek   All Rights Reserved About Media Kit Contact Us BrandShare Webinars Events Custom Print Sections Subscribe to Adweek Subscription Options Digital App Newsletters Reprints Back Issues RSS Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat Additional Info Trophies, Awards & Seals Customer Service
National National New York Los Angeles San Francisco Miami Las Vegas Dubai Boston Mexico NEWS LIFESTYLE DRINKING + DINING Haute Five: Fresh NYC Mocktails for a Dry January Haute Five: Fresh NYC Mocktails for a Dry January The post Haute Five: Fresh NYC Mocktails for a Dry… 7 Ways to Enjoy The Refreshed Belvedere Eatery at The Peninsula Here are seven ways to indulge and enjoy yourself at The Belvedere, The Peninsula Beverly Hills' hig… Haute Cuisine: LA’s Top New Restaurants The Drago brothers and Wolfgang Puck are behind some of the best new restaurants in Tinseltown. The… PlumpJack Expands Empire With New Properties Outside of Bay Area Over the past few months, the PlumpJack Group has added a new winery, two Vail eateries, and a Palm… Haute Pursuits PlumpJack Expands Empire With New Properties Outside of Bay Area Over the past few months, the PlumpJack Group has added a new winery, two Vail eateries, and a Palm… Hot Winter Escapes: Where to Travel Now This January and February, why not head to warmer climes for some fun in the sun? Whether you want t… A Look at This Year’s Most Coveted Auction Item at the Naples Winter Wine Fest The fastest prize you can get your hands on. The post A Look at This Year’s Most Coveted Aucti… How Every Angeleno Should Explore Dallas Here is a comprehensive guide on how to explore Dallas the haute way: where to eat, sleep, drink, wa… HAUTE 5 Haute Five: Fresh NYC Mocktails for a Dry January Haute Five: Fresh NYC Mocktails for a Dry January The post Haute Five: Fresh NYC Mocktails for a Dry… The Hautest Places To Get Pizza in Las Vegas Since we moved here from the East Coast, our search for the perfect pizza has led us all over Las Ve… Sip on these 5 Healthy Cocktails in Miami Keeping healthy in 2017 doesn't mean you need to stop drinking. We've rounded up our top picks of th… Five Haute Must-Try Restaurants in 2017 From Peruvian-Asian fusion inside a Downtown Crossing hotel to a Spanish-Japanese The post Five Haut… An Insiders Guide Designer Greg Lauren Shares His Haute Secrets to LA Fashion designer and artist Greg Lauren shares his haute secrets to the City of Angels -- his favori… Spectral Star Cory Hardrict Shares His Haute Secrets to LA Cory Hardrict, the star of new Netflix series Spectral, as well as the Academy Award-nominated film… The A-List’s Ashlee Margolis Shares Her Haute Secrets to LA Ashlee Margolis, the founder of The A List, a company for dressing some of the biggest stars in Holl… Haute Secrets: Pinrose’s Lovely Ladies Share Favorite SF Spots Christine Luby and Erika Shumate are the founders of Pinrose, a locally based fragrance company that… Luxury Corner TIMEPIECES Richard Mille Announces Watch to Honor Pinturault’s World Record To commemorate the world record of its brand partner, French skier Pinturault, who now holds 19th Wo… Pre-SIHH 2017: New Panerai Radiomir Special Edition Panerai has always been a brand with a very focused history. As the prime supplier to the Italian Na… Pre-SIHH 2017: IWC Da Vinci Perpetual Calendar: The Next Chapter Of A Legend Many brands have a perpetual calendar in their collection, yet few come close to the legendary reput… Pre-SIHH 2017: Jaeger-LeCoultre Geophysic Tourbillon, Universal Time And A Worlds First! With a return of the Geophysic into the collection, Jaeger-LeCoultre revived in 2014 one of the favo… AUTO A Look at This Year’s Most Coveted Auction Item at the Naples Winter Wine Fest The fastest prize you can get your hands on. The post A Look at This Year’s Most Coveted Aucti… Cadillac Escala: The Concept Car That You Weren’t Expecting Pebble Beach. Those two words conjure up visions of exotic classics of long ago, each displayed fend… Maserati Levante SUV Debuts In London To unveil Maserati's first ever luxury SUV, the brand hosted a star-studded event. The post Maserati… See Gumball 3000 Rev Through London’s Regent Street The week-long Gumball 3000 race over five countries recently passed through London’s Regent Street f… JEWELRY Four Jewelry Designs that Embrace the Pantone Color of the Year, Greenery By Roberta Naas Yesterday, we brought you an in-depth look at the Pantone color of the year -- Green… Fabulous Jewellery For The Festive Season Boucheron, Cartier, Chanel, Graff, and Harry Winston bring us holiday cheer with these fabulous crea… 3 White Hot Diamond Jewelry Pieces for the Holidays from Top Jewelry Designers Coin, Webster, Gabriel & Co. By Roberta Naas Just last month, Graff Diamonds unveiled the Graff Venus, the largest D flawless hea… John Hardy Follows 8 Important Steps to Craft Exquisite Jewelry By Roberta Naas It was 16 years ago that John Hardy and his wife established their company in Bali,… Private Jets Nicholas Air Adds Citation Latitude to Fleet Flying Private? Nicholas Air has a new mid-size jet in their fleet, the Citation Latitude, which goe… Charter a Haute Private Jet to Las Vegas with Cirrus Aviation If you're looking to really treat yourself to a world-class luxury weekend in Las Vegas, why not cha… SF: Why Cobalt’s New Private Aircraft Will Change The Aviation Game Once again, our San Francisco Bay Area is showing how it has some of the most innovative people on t… Why We Love Flexjet’s Haute Gulfstream G450 Step aboard Flexjet's version of the Gulfstream G450 and we'll understand if you have a hard time be… YACHTS The 2015 World Superyacht Awards Winners Are…. Boat International has announced the 2015 World Superyacht Awards winners. The post The 2015 World S… What’s More Luxurious than the Superyacht Experience? The Super Submarine Experience it seems that the most daring wealthy yachters are abandoning the top of the ocean and diving 20,000… The Riva Iseo Adds Even More Luxurious Flair to that Yacht The Riva Iseo is a quaint 27-foot runabout boat that is perfect as an add-on to your luxurious yacht… The 122 Mythos Is The Biggest Yacht Riva Has Ever Designed Riva appears to have moved to that second school and the 122' Mythos is the firm's biggest, most lux… MAGAZINE New York Jonathan Tisch on (not) running for mayor, big bus … Photo Credit: Scott McDermott Jonathan Tisch loves New York so much he says he would do just about a… New York's 2017 Haute 100 List In New York, it’s hard to compile a list of mega-achievers with only 100 names. But the men and wome… Michael J. Fox's Present and Future Focus is Fight … Photo Credit: All photos by: Mark Squires Story by: Susan Stapleton, Interview by: Kelly Barbieri, P… Rangers Star Henrik Lundqvist Talks Hockey Season … Photo Credit: All photos by Jörgen Brennicke, All styling by Sophia Gratzl, All grooming by Emike Sa… Los Angeles Michael J. Fox's Present and Future Focus is Fight … Photo Credit: All photos by: Mark Squires Story by: Susan Stapleton, Interview by: Kelly Barbieri, P… Sean Penn Talks Haiti, Humanitarianism and Hollywo … If Sean Penn could offer up one piece of universal advice, it would probably be ‘Don’t believe every… Patrick Dempsey Dishes on 'Bridget Jones's Baby' Patrick Dempsey is a man who has built his career around playing Prince Charming personified. In eve… Michael Keaton Pursues the American Dream in 'The … Photography: Randall Slavin; Styling: Bruno Lima; Grooming: Marissa Machado Michael Keaton doesn't l… San Francisco Lee Daniels on Philanthropy, Star and How He's Bui … PHOTOGRAPHY: ANDREAS BRANCH •  CREATIVE DIRECTION: KELCEY NEWMAN • STYLING: MIRIAM STERNOFF AND MICA… Inside the Glamorous World of Marchesa's Georgina … Photo Credit: Scott McDermott Photography: Scott McDermott Makeup: Ashlee Glazer Hair: Eloise Cheung… Jai Courtney Plays the Perfect Anti-Hero in 'Suici … Photography: Randall Slavin Styling: Bruno Lima Grooming: Georgie Eisdell The flight from Sydney to… Anthony Mackie Starts a New Hollywood Conversation Photography by: Mark Squires Grooming: Erin Moffett Styling: Chloe Takayanagi Anthony Mackie is drow… Miami Jeff Koons On Life, Art and Reaching Your Full Pot …   Most of us know Jeff Koons for his colorful balloon sculptures—and the high prices they comma… Elle Macpherson's Entrepreneurial Evolution Here are two things upbeat Aussi Elle Macpherson was born with: an incredible body and a head for bu… Rap Star Future Hendrix Dons this Fall's Choicest … Future Hendrix arrives on set, entourage in tow, cool and in control on a hot August afternoon. He i… Cover Star Padma Lakshmi Shares the Recipe for Hap … Photography by Scott McDermott • Stylist Brendan Cannon • Hair Antonio Diaz • Make-up Birgitte From… Haute Beauty REAL ESTATE UNREAL HAVENS High-End Homebuyers in Shanghai Are Downsizing to Compact Condos A growing generation of luxury homebuyers in Shanghai are shopping for compact condos to curb escala… The Most Expensive Home for Sale in NY Costs $140M At $140 million, an enchanting, 80-year-old estate, known as “Briar Patch,” is currently the most ex… New Tax Laws in 2017 Could Make Renting a Home Cheaper Than Buying Radical changes in tax law are gaining traction in the House of Representatives aided by the certain… Mike Meyers Buys a Groovy New Pad in NYC for $14.6M Mike Myers and his wife have snagged a swanky condo in New York City for $14.6 million. The post Mik… ESTATE OF THE DAY Detached – San Diego, CA The post Detached – San Diego, CA appeared first on Haute Residence: Featuring the best in Lux… Detached, Mediterranean/Spanish – San Diego, CA Remarkable Ultra Luxe Estate, behind the gates of Santaluz, Coastal San Diego’s premier private golf… Detached – San Diego, CA For more information on this Carmel Valley home call Richard Stone at 858-481-7653. The post Detache… Detached – Rancho Santa Fe, CA The post Detached – Rancho Santa Fe, CA appeared first on Haute Residence: Featuring the best… Property of The Week The Most Expensive Home for Sale in NY Costs $140M At $140 million, an enchanting, 80-year-old estate, known as “Briar Patch,” is currently the most ex… Ivanka Trump and Family Are Moving to DC Home, Blocks From the Obamas Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner's new 1923-built, colonial-style home is located within the Kalorama… Last Residence in San Francisco’s ‘The Light House’ Church-Converted-Condo Is for Sale Only one unit is still available in San Francisco’s “The Light House,” the luxury condominium that w… Record-Setting LA Estate ‘Le Belvedere’ Is Relisted 6 Years Later for $85M The opulent estate in Los Angeles known as “Le Belvedere" set a national record as the leading resid… Homes + Escapes Uncle Harry’s Debuts at The Harrison Uncle Harry’s is the sensational top floor lounge space at The Harrison, the luxury high rise from M… Residential Tower, Bleu Ciel is Dallas’ Architectural Icon Designed by world-renowned architect, Jean-Michel Wilmotte, Bleu Ciel sky rise is one of the most ic… The Alise is an Art-Lover’s Dream Though San Francisco visitors will likely choose The Alise for it’s great location, the hotel’s true… Lakewood Home Festival Features Six Extraordinary Homes This 40th annual Lakewood Home Tour takes place on Saturday and Sunday, Nov. 12 and 13 celebrating t… Search for: JetSmarter Recruits Leading Advertising Executive by Haute Living   |  News  |  January 4, 2017 Previous PostFrancois Catroux, global elite's go-to designer, showcases work in lavish tome. Next PostTop 5 Ways to Stay Fit in Miami in 2017 The fast-growing private jet company JetSmarter who recently raised $105 million in funding, at a $1.5 billion valuation, has hired Matthew Atkatz as Vice President, Executive Creative Director. Atkatz brings 20 years of advertising and marketing experience from agencies including Weiden + Kennedy, Crispin Porter + Bogusky, and 72andSunny. It is a continuation of a trend of ad executives joining fast-growing start-up companies. Atkatz most recently worked as Interactive Creative Director at MDC Partners owned Crispin Porter + Bogusky working on campaigns for MetLife, Under Armour, Coke Zero, Vitamin Water, and Microsoft. At Saatchi & Saatchi New York, he served as Digital Executive Creative Director, where he was instrumental in building the first fully integrated creative team for the agency, working for clients including JCPenney, Wendy’s, Miller High Life, and Procter & Gamble.  He began his advertising career at Ogilvy & Mather in New York City and spent a year working in Beijing, China helping to build their digital marketing group.  Atkatz’s work has been recognized at Cannes, The One Show, The Webbys, Clios, the Effies, Communication Arts, and Contagious Magazine. “We’ve built the fastest-growing private aviation community on the planet, powered by innovative technology, data science, and world-class logistics,” said JetSmarter CEO Sergey Petrossov. JetSmarter’s marketing team includes Ronn Torossian who serves as Chief Marketing officer.  Over the last 12 months, JetSmarter has significantly expanded its private jet services, with a main focus on increasing its shared, scheduled JetShuttle fights across the United States, Europe and the Middle East, in cities including New York, Chicago, Fort Lauderdale, Las Vegas, Atlanta, London, Paris, Moscow, Dubai, Milan and more.   PREVIOUS POST NEXT POST Francois Catroux, global elite's go-to designer, showcases work in lavish tome. Top 5 Ways to Stay Fit in Miami in 2017 connect with haute living National Facebook Twitter Pinterest Instagram Want haute living newsletter delivered to your inbox? Sign up BE SOCIAL Discover the best kept secrets of your city from your favorite social platform Top Stories Inside the Fog Design + Art Fair Gala Justin Hartley on his Passion for Fashion & His This Is Us BFFs Man of Style: This Is Us Star Justin Hartley Is Everything in LV 6 Reasons to Escape to Miami This Winter Haute InstagramView All Latest News Inside the Fog Design + Art Fair Gala Justin Hartley on his Passion for Fashion & His This Is Us BFFs 6 Reasons to Escape to Miami This Winter Haute Five: Fresh NYC Mocktails for a Dry January Magazine Haute Living SF September/October 2016 Subscribe HAUTE SCENES Inside the Fog Design + Art Fair Gala T.I. Brings a Full Concert to Drai’s Haute Scene: The Best Fetes of Golden Globes Weekend 2017 HAUTE FIVE Haute Five: Fresh NYC Mocktails for a Dry January The Hautest Places To Get Pizza in Las Vegas Five Haute Must-Try Restaurants in 2017 5 Haute Workouts in Boston to Get You in Shape for 2017 Twitter Pinterest Facebook Instagram RSS Home WATCHES + JEWELRY HOME + REAL ESTATE LIFESTYLE RIDES PEOPLE FASHION + BEAUTY IN THIS ISSUE Disclaimer/Privacy Policy CONTACT US MAGAZINE NEWS DISCLAIMER SITEMAP Haute Living 2017 - All content and source © 2017 Haute Living | Hauteliving.com is brought to you by Haute Media Group Sign up DISCOVER THE BEST KEPT SECRETS IN YOUR CITY Enter your details First Name* Last Name* Your Email* Gender* SelectMaleFemale Date of birth* Income* SelectUnder $50K$50-100K$100-250K$250-500K$500-1 million$1 mill to 2.5 millionOver $2.5 million Zip Code* Select Market(s) Los Angeles Dubai Las Vegas San Francisco New York Miami London Chicago Aspen Atlanta Brazil Subscribe All * All fields are mandatory
Prescott eNews  |   Chino Valley eNews  |    Prescott Valley eNews    |   eNewsAZ |   QUAD POD Home News Current News KQNA News Community Prescott Valley Chino Valley Yavapai County Events Aviation: Fly Prescott Community Calendar Submit an Event Education Education News Prescott Schools Embry-Riddle ( ERAU) Guidance Aviation Yavapai College Prescott College Northpoint Features Columnists Mountain Gardener In-Home Care Auto Corner On Sale This Week Mile High Show Health Watch Politics Opinion Shack to Mansion Real Estate News & Info Sports College Sports High School Sports Pro Sports Business & Tech Business News Business Intelligence Reports Business Profiles Marketing Minute Non-Profits Pet Organizations Big Brothers Big Sisters Home News Current News KQNA News Community Prescott Valley Chino Valley Yavapai County Events Aviation: Fly Prescott Community Calendar Submit an Event Education Education News Prescott Schools Embry-Riddle ( ERAU) Guidance Aviation Yavapai College Prescott College Northpoint Features Columnists Mountain Gardener In-Home Care Auto Corner On Sale This Week Mile High Show Health Watch Politics Opinion Shack to Mansion Real Estate News & Info Sports College Sports High School Sports Pro Sports Business & Tech Business News Business Intelligence Reports Business Profiles Marketing Minute Non-Profits Pet Organizations Big Brothers Big Sisters On Sale This Week: For Many People January = Diet Featured font size + – 04 January 2017   Cindy LaMaster Hello, January! Goodbye, calories. (Hopefully.) So now the holidays are over, the prime rib, mashed potatoes, pies, cookies, candy and fruitcake have been eaten. Clothes are feeling a little tight.  Don’t panic! Some studies show that the average weight gain over the holidays is in fact only about two pounds. But the bad news is that most people do not lose that pound or two. And many of us have gained more than that one or two pounds, it is after all an average. What to do? There are many approaches to dieting. Here are some facts you should know. Increasing your exercise level, while it may be healthy overall, will not cause weight loss. You must eat less. How much less depends on how fast you want to loose. For each pound you want to loose, you must eat 1000 calories less than your body uses. For a very good explanation of this process see NerdFitness.com. “Is a Calorie really just a Calorie?” Another helpful site is caloriecontrol.org. They have a really good calculator which will help you decide how many calories you should aim for each day. It has been shown that the real decider in weight loss is how many carbohydrates you eat each day, especially if you are diabetic or pre-diabetic. You should probably try to distribute the carbs throughout the day, not consume them all at one meal. Another great tool is My Fitness Pal  an APP which you can get for your smart phone, or computer, which will help you keep track of the number of calories and types of foods you are eating. You could also keep a food diary, but of course it will take more time. If you are running it on a smart phone it will also track the number of steps you take each day.  Keto and Paleo diets are popular right now, an online search will turn up many sites devoted to each and many very low carb recipes. But whatever you decide to do, you are probably aware that loosing the weight is usually the easy part. Keeping it off is the hard part, and this is where exercise can be very helpful. Muscle burns fat when you use it, so increasing muscle mass can be useful. Exercise can also help with the stress which causes many people to eat more.  In the spirit of reducing weight and eating healthy food, the recipes this week are low carb but easily prepared. Remember that Wednesday January 4 is Senior Discount Day at Fry’s and Safeway—Seniors get an extra 10% off their entire order. Also you will need a card to get the sale prices at both stores. Sprouts requires no card and every Wednesday is double ad day, you get all the prices from this week’s ad and from last week’s too.   Frys  Safeway  Sprouts   Chicken  Whole chicken and parts $.99/lb Foster Farms Chicken breasts $1.67/lb  boneless/skinless Chicken breasts $1.67/lb  boneless/skinless  Salmon   $8.99/lb Wild Caught, previously frozen $7.99/lb Wild Caught, previously frozen   Strawberries  $2.50/lb package  $.99/lb pkg limit 2 $1.25/lb pkg  Other Good Deals Fry’s Produce $.99/lb—Cauliflower, head $.99/bunch—Organic Kale $2.99/lb—Red cherries Meat and Seafood Buy One Get Two Free—Boneless Petite Sirloin $2.99/lb—Beef Brisket, whole in bag $1.77/lb—Pork half loin Miscellaneous Buy 5 get $5 back (prices are after discount) $1.49/each—Sara Lee Bread, 20 oz, select varieties $1.49/each—Bertolli pasta sauce, select varieties $2.49/each—Kroger brand string cheese, 10-12oz other good prices $.99/each—Fry’s Milk, half gallon $1.68/each—Lean Cuisine entrees $1.67/each—Kroger cheese, select varieties Safeway Produce $.99/each—English Cucumbers, Eggplant $.99/lb—Yellow onions or Russet potatoes $.99/bunch—Organic Kale $.99/1lb box—Strawberries, limit 2 Meat and Seafood $2.97/lb—Beef, London broil Buy One Get Two Free—Beef, Petite Sirloin Steak, Regular Retail $12.99/lb Miscellaneous $2.50/each—Clorox Wipes, 35 ct $1.88/each—Refreshe purified drinking water, 24 ct. Limit 4   Safeway has a number of special programs this week including a buy 4 get $.50 off each item, a special on Unilever products if you but $15 worth of selected items, a special game which will enter you in a drawing if you buy $15 worth of selected items, a $5/item sale all week instead of just Friday, and a deal on select Proctor and Gamble products which will give you $5 off instantly and Movie Tickets too, if you can figure out what the rules are and buy $30 worth of their products. The prices given below are those that apply after the discounts have been given.   Buy 4 get $4 off  $.88/ each—Oikos yogurt $4.99/each—Viva paper towels and Cottonelle bathroom tissue, select varieties only $1.99/each—Deli-shaved lunch meat, 9 oz $5/item all week sale $5/each—Hillshire Farms lunchmeat tubs, 15-16 oz $5/each—Hormel Bacon, Cherrywood or Pecanwood, stack pack  $5/each—Pepsi cubes, 24 pk, 12oz cans, select varieties Sprouts Produce $5/5 lb box—Cuties California mandarin oranges $.50/bunch—Curly Kale, organic, green $.88/lb—Squash, Italian or Yellow $.50/lb—Potatoes, red or russet $.50/each—Cucumbers, Green Bell Peppers, Eggplant, Red Texas Grapefruit $.88/bunch—Organic Red Bunched Beets or Organic Celery $.98/each—Organic Red Mangoes Meat and Seafood $2.99/lb—Ground Fresh Chicken or Marinated Pollo Asado (chicken) $3.99/lb—Ground Beef, all natural, super lean (93%), never frozen 25% off Orca Bay frozen seafood, select varieties Miscellaneous $1.50/each—So Delicious non dairy beverages, 32 oz., select varieties 50%off—Horizon crackers, single serve milk, fruit snacks $9.99/each—Sprouts brand virgin organic coconut oil 35% off—A wide variety of organic snacks, honey and other products 2.99/lb—Quinoa—white or tricolor (bulk) $1/each—Siggi’s yogurt, select varieties and sizes $4.99/each—Sprouts string cheese, 12 oz $4.99/lb—Swiss Cheese, imported (deli)   Recipes   Low Carb Chicken Soup Ingredients 2 lb chicken boneless skinless chicken cut into 1 inch chunks. (or 3 cups cubed cooked chicken.) 32 oz chicken or vegetable stock 1 lb yellow squash, halved lengthwise, then sliced 1/2 inch thick 8 oz. mushrooms, quartered (crimini are especially good) 1 red bell pepper, diced to 1 inch 3 Tablespoons fresh herbs, rosemary, thyme, oregano, flat leafed parsley (or 3 teaspoons dried) 1 bunch chard (rainbow or green), remove thick veins and tear into bite size pieces 1 cup onion, diced 1/2 inch 2 Tablespoons olive oil 4 strips good quality bacon, cut crosswise into 1/2 inch pieces (easier to do if it is frozen) In a large pot, fry the bacon on low heat until cooked but not crisp. Do not remove bacon grease. Add the onions and mushrooms. Cook on low heat until onion is softened. Increase heat to medium, add stock, bring to a low boil. Add bell pepper, squash, and herbs. Cook about 5 minutes. Add chicken (if using cooked chicken, add chicken and chard together.) Cook at a simmer until chicken is no longer pink on the inside. Add chard and simmer a few minutes longer. This soup should be brothy, not thick so add extra liquid, water, stock or wine, if necessary. Serve with spoonful of plain greek yogurt on top and maybe a few breadsticks.   Very Low Carb Egg Muffins Ingredients 8 large eggs 3 Tablespoons milk, half and half, or cream 1/2 lb fresh sausage (any flavor) 1 cup cheese, feta (crumbled) or cheddar (grated) 1/2 cup finely minced onions 1/2 cup finely diced bell pepper (any color) 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh herb of your choice, or 1/2 teaspoon dried herb In a skillet, fry sausage, remove all but 1 Tablespoon of grease. Add onions and peppers.  Cook on low heat until softened. Add fresh herbs. Stir well. Set aside. In a large bowl, beat eggs and cream well. Add grated or crumbled cheese. Add Sausage mixture, mix well. Either grease well or spray with cooking spray a 12 hole muffin tin. Spoon mixture into muffin tin, filling cups no more than 3/4 full and distributing evenly. Cook at 350ºF for 15 to 20 minutes. This dish is open to many variations. The internet is full of suggestions, both simple and elaborate. It is ideal for a breakfast buffet. Once cooked the muffins are quite portable and keep well refrigerated. They make a great grab and go breakfast or lunch. Tweet K2_TAGGED diet calories food Cindy LaMaster Latest from Cindy LaMaster Unexpected Twists & Turns from Charley's Aunt On Sale This Week: Cauliflower is the New Rice On Sale This Week: Happy New Year Appetizing Christmas Time On Sale This Week: Roast Beef Related items The Balanced Care Method: A Healthy Diet Appetizing Christmas Time Nine Desert Plants You Can Turn Into Cookies, Candy and Margaritas Balancing Holiday Temptations Will Eating Carbs Make You Gain Weight? Join the 10,000+ others and subscribe to the newsletter. Get all latest news Newsletter Sign-Up! For Email Newsletters you can trust. ADVERTISING Contact Advertising What Makes US Different SUBMIT Contact Editor Submit Press Release Letter to Editor Editorial Guidelines Submit Article DIGITAL SERVICE Marketing Consulting Contact Digital Services Online Advertising Social Media Marketing Website Development Search Engine Optimization ABOUT Privacy Policy Careers & Jobs Leadership & Staff About Us
﻿Celebrity Fashion Beauty Hair Love Lifestyle News Videos Festival Follow Us Celebrity Steve Harvey: "I Won't Be At Anybody's Inauguration Because My Wife Said No" Celebrity Lori Harvey, Marjorie Harvey’s Daughter, Walks In Dolce & Gabbana Spring 2017 Show Celebrity ‘Fro Envy: Uzo Aduba’s Hair Reaches New Heights In Gorgeous Photo Star Gazing Viola Davis, Nia Long, Niecy Nash and More! More ﻿Celebrity Black Celeb Couples Celebrity Moms Red Carpet 7 Things Awards & Events Entertainment Fashion 15 Items From The H&M Sale That You Need in Your Life Fashion 29 Street Style-Inspired Ways to Add Some Funk to Your Winter Outerwear Fashion Jadakiss and Fabolous Share Some Dope Styling Tips  Fashion 9 Work Essentials to Snag From the Intermix Sale More Fashion Fashion Week Street Style Accessories Skin How To Take Care Of Your Skin After Turning The Big 3-0 Beauty Products & Tools 8 Sleek and Sexy Products That'll Motivate You To Start A Beauty Routine Skin 9 Superfood Products You Need For A Healthy Skin Glow Beauty Products & Tools These Are Etsy's Top Black-Owned Beauty Shops More Beauty Skin Makeup Nails How-To 4C These Transformations Show Just How Real Hair Shrinkage Is Hair Products & Tools 5 Winter-Proof Moisturizers That Will Keep Your Hair From Drying Out Short Hairstyles Affordable Accessories That Will Instantly Spruce Up Your Short Hairstyle 4C 15 Beautiful 4C Blowout Hairstyles You'll Want To Try More Hair Natural Relaxed Transitioning Weaves 4C Love & Sex Ask Dr. Sherry: 'His Mistress Miscarried' Love & Sex These Are The Absolute Hardest Things About Being In A New Relationship Love & Sex Ladies, Idris Elba Just Asked To Be Your Valentine In the Sexiest Way Possible Weddings Black Wedding Moment Of The Day: Bride Breastfed Her Son In Her Gown and It Was Beautiful More Love Weddings Parenting Relationships Health & Wellness This Is Exactly When You're More Likely to Catch the Flu Health & Wellness How To Help Keep The Men In Your Life Healthy Money & Career How to Fall Back In Love With Your Job Money & Career 'Welcome to Sweetie Pie's' Miss Robbie and Tim Norman Get Real About Opening Your Own Restaurant Business More Lifestyle Holiday Gift Guides Shine for the Holidays Health & Wellness ESSENCE Eats Money & Career Entrepreneurship Travel News Rep. John Lewis' Legitimacy Comments Set The Stage For Resistance In A Trump Presidency News 'Hidden Figures' Rules The Box Office For Second Week In A Row News Lifetime Confirms Michael Jackson Biopic Is In The Works News Bishop Eddie Long Dies At 63 More News Politics Culture Essence Live Survey Shows Most Americans Want Donald Trump To Stop Tweeting Essence Live Watch This Week's Episode of 'ESSENCE Live' feat. Jermaine Dupri and the Cast of 'Hidden Figures' Videos How To Go Glam With Your New Year's Eve Makeup In One Minute Videos How To Create A Holiday Hair Bow Your Kid Will Love More Videos ESSENCE Live Black Girl Magic Festival Guess Which ESSENCE Festival Performer Shared This Adorable Throwback Baby Pic? Festival ESSENCE Festival Performer Teyana Taylor Gives Us A Sneak Peek At New Role On "The Breaks" Festival 9 Times Mary J. Blige Brought Black Girl Magic To The Obama’s Historic White House Run Festival Guess Which Other ESSENCE Festival Performer Solange Told Beyonce She Can't Wait To Meet? More Festival ESSENCE Festival Durban New Orleans ESSENCE Africa Close Search by typing... Search ﻿Celebrity Black Celeb Couples Celebrity Moms Red Carpet 7 Things Awards & Events Entertainment Fashion Fashion Week Street Style Accessories Beauty Skin Makeup Nails How-To Hair Natural Relaxed Transitioning Weaves 4C Love Weddings Parenting Relationships Lifestyle Holiday Gift Guides Shine for the Holidays Health & Wellness ESSENCE Eats Money & Career Entrepreneurship Travel News Politics Culture Videos ESSENCE Live Black Girl Magic Festival ESSENCE Festival Durban New Orleans ESSENCE Africa Subscribe Home Beauty Makeup How Pat McGrath Became the Most Influential Makeup Artist in the World Photo by Courtesy Pat McGrath By Glynnis Macnicol Jan, 04, 2017 With a new cosmetics line and huge social media following, the iconic makeup artist is more in demand than ever. This article was originally published on INSTYLE. “Hello, love!” says Pat McGrath, her British-accented voice warm and cozy. It’s no wonder the most super of supermodels, from Kendall Jenner to Naomi Campbell, call her “Mother.” She’s just returned to her New York City home after an assignment with her longtime collaborator, the photographer Steven Meisel. When asked how it went, she purrs, “Amazing. An amazing day creating looks.” “Creating looks” is a modest way of describing what she does. List the best of the best from every field—Madonna, Oprah Winfrey, Karl Lagerfeld, Tom Brady—and McGrath would be part of that pantheon. It might sound like hyperbole, but she is the most important and influential makeup artist in the world today. Stella McCartney has said she is a genius. McGrath refers to herself as a lucky beauty junkie.  Each season, McGrath works on the makeup direction for dozens of fashion shows—Anna Sui, Diane von Furstenberg, DKNY, Givenchy, Louis Vuitton, Maison Margiela, Prada, and Tommy Hilfiger, just to name a few. Her wildly imaginative Technicolor work for Dior during the John Galliano era elevated the concept of catwalk beauty. Related Content Lips Naomi Campbell Goes Heavy Metal For McGrath and We're Mesmorized Lips Pat McGrath's Exciting new Product Launch Will Leave Your Lips Glittery and Gorgeous Dressed in her trademark all-black outfit, from her headband down to her custom sneakers, McGrath is a reassuring presence backstage for both designers and models. When she’s around, they know magic will happen. Skin is transformed by her touch (she famously prefers her fingers to brushes), and the makeup is always modern. Her perfectionism and preparedness are legendary. Her army of assistants is known to arrive with as many as 75 pieces of luggage, packed with a Sephora’s worth of fake lashes and rainbows of pigment—and even art and fashion reference books.  McGrath has also dabbled in cinema (remember Rooney Mara’s punkish visage for The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo?), and then there are the countless advertisements and influential editorial spreads.  Subscribe to our daily newsletter for the latest in hair, beauty, style and celebrity news After years of lending her brilliance to others’ ventures—helping create the cosmetics collections for Dolce & Gabbana, Giorgio Armani, and Gucci, and working on CoverGirl and Max Factor as the creative-design director for Procter & Gamble—she finally struck out on her own this past October with Pat McGrath Labs. The tagline: “Where unadulterated experimentation meets raw glamour.”  Rather than an entire range, Pat McGrath Labs is a series of carefully curated limited-edition kits, dropped one at a time and announced via Instagram to McGrath’s one million–plus followers. The début release, Gold 001, featured a cake of sumptuous pigment, mixing liquid, and a spatula. The 1,000 sets sold out in a flash, as did subsequent products. “I didn’t think it would have resonated through the world the way that it did,” says McGrath. “It’s so much fun to watch and to be part of.” With each new item—inky eye gloss, hot-pink eye “blush,” a shiny highlighting stick, a dual-ended marker, microfine glitter—McGrath is revealing the tricks of her trade. Want to re-create Bella Hadid’s ruby slipper–inspired lips from Versace’s last couture presentation? Now you can with Lust 004 in Vermillion Venom. How about her sister Gigi’s luminous skin from Miu Miu spring? Snag Skin Fetish 003 in Nude.  Beauty aficionados are obsessed, as a glimpse at social media reveals. YouTube is filled with tutorials and reviews, and McGrath is tagged on countless Instagrams and Snapchats featuring her products. She even re-grams her favorites, from both aspiring makeup artists and famous fans like Kate Hudson. (For even more McGrath, check out her secret stash of conceptual brand videos on Vimeo.) It’s been quite the journey for this former club kid, whose single mom, a Jamaican immigrant, would go from drugstore to department store in search of the perfect foundation, her daughter in tow. “My mother was obsessed with makeup,” recalls McGrath, who grew up in Northampton, outside London.“You couldn’t find anything in those days for dark skin. She would make her own colors.” McGrath says her mother’s passion and DIY ingenuity certainly inspired her career path. Despite her massive success, it took time for McGrath to break through. “I couldn’t get arrested. I remember my mother, after many years, saying, ‘Are you sure you don’t want to get a real job?’” It’s hard to envision the young Pat, just on the cusp of greatness, struggling to get bookings. Thank goodness she didn’t give up. Imagine the fashion world without her incredible body of work. “Nothing’s meant to be easy, so you just keep going,” she says. “I always felt that it was meant to be.” Read More More From Essence Makeup Is It a Bad Idea to Wear Makeup During a Workout? Makeup Solange Just Pulled Off The Ultimate Lazy Girl Liner Look Makeup Rihanna Shows Us How to Rock the Only Holiday Makeup Trend Worth Trying Makeup TV Show In Hot Water For Teaching Women How To Hide Domestic Abuse With Makeup  Makeup How to Use the Glitzy Gift Every Makeup Addict Will Want This Year Makeup Watch These Hilarious Makeup Tutorials If You're in a Trump Slump  Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Filed under: Beauty, Makeup, Color Latest News Rep. John Lewis' Legitimacy Comments Set The Stage For Resistance In A Trump Presidency 3:33 PM 'Hidden Figures' Rules The Box Office For Second Week In A Row 2:45 PM Steve Harvey: "I Won't Be At Anybody's Inauguration Because My Wife Said No" 2:26 PM Lori Harvey, Marjorie Harvey’s Daughter, Walks In Dolce & Gabbana Spring 2017 Show 2:12 PM ‘Fro Envy: Uzo Aduba’s Hair Reaches New Heights In Gorgeous Photo 1:22 PM Lifetime Confirms Michael Jackson Biopic Is In The Works 1:19 PM   Previous Tip Tuesday: A Foolproof Guide For Applying Your Boldest Eye Makeup  SUBSCRIBE TO THE MAGAZINE Plus, receive digital access and a free gift with your purchase! SUBSCRIBE NOW Sign Up To The Newsletter Get The Essence Newsletter delivered to your inbox! By clicking Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. ESSENCE MAKES A SPECIAL GIFT Share your love of ESSENCE with a gift subscription to the Magazine. Give a Gift! Follow us on Help and Information Our Company Customer Service Change Your Address Contact Us Job Opportunities Internships Media Kit Subscribe Newsletters Give a Gift of ESSENCE Magazine Tablet Edition More on essence Home Love Celebrity Beauty Hair Fashion ESSENCE Festival Essence.com is part of the Time Inc. Style Collection and the Time Inc. Lifestyle Network. © 2016 Essence Communications Inc. All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy | Your California Privacy Rights | Terms of Use | Essence.com Advertising Terms | AD CHOICES
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 January 20174 January 2017 by Cambrex Appoints Tom Vadaketh as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J., Jan. 04, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Cambrex Corporation (NYSE:CBM), a leading manufacturer of small molecule Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (APIs), today announced the hiring of Tom Vadaketh as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, effective January 20, 2017.  Greg Sargen, CFO at Cambrex, will transition to a newly-created role, Executive Vice President, Corporate Development and Strategy.  In his new role, Mr. Sargen will assume responsibility for Corporate Development and Strategy and will continue to report directly to Steven M. Klosk, President and Chief Executive Officer. “We are excited to welcome Tom. He has an impressive track record and brings a wide variety of experiences across all financial disciplines to Cambrex,” said Mr. Klosk.  “I am confident that Tom’s experience in senior corporate roles, especially with manufacturing organizations and facilities, will be invaluable to Cambrex.  Tom and Greg will work closely together to ensure a seamless transition.” “2016 has been our sixth consecutive year of strong organic growth, and we have invested well over $200 million in internal expansions during that time. As we look to the future, we recognize the need to complement our organic efforts with external opportunities,” continued Mr. Klosk.  “Greg has led the finance team and has been a trusted business partner during his many years at Cambrex.  In his new role, Greg will apply his business acumen, industry knowledge and intimate knowledge of the Company to identify and execute on new growth opportunities, including investment in potential new product categories and capabilities, as well as mergers and acquisitions.”  Mr. Vadaketh was most recently the CFO of the Crosby Group, a private equity-owned company and a world leader in the manufacture of rigging, lifting and material handling applications.  Prior to that, he spent nine years in a variety of increasingly senior financial positions at Tyco International.  In his last role at Tyco, he served as Vice President, Finance, Corporate Financial Planning & Analysis and CFO of Global Products.  Prior to his time at Tyco, Mr. Vadaketh spent 15 years in a variety of senior financial roles at Proctor & Gamble, where he led several corporate and site financial functions and initiatives.  Tom started his career at Deloitte and Touche in the United Kingdom, where he earned the Chartered Accountant designation. He also earned his CPA designation in the United States.  Tom has a Master of Business Administration (MBA) from the University of Manchester, United Kingdom. About Cambrex Cambrex Corporation is an innovative life sciences company that provides products, services and technologies to accelerate the development and commercialization of small molecule therapeutics.  The Company offers Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (APIs), advanced intermediates and enhanced drug delivery products for branded and generic pharmaceuticals. Development and manufacturing capabilities include enzymatic biotransformations, high potency APIs, high energy chemical synthesis and controlled substances.  For more information, please visit www.cambrex.com. 
Contact:
Stephanie LaFiura
Investor Relations Associate
Tel: 201-804-3037
Email: stephanie.lafiura@cambrex.com
 Tagscompany, officer, private Post navigation Previous PostPrevious ChromaDex to Present at the ICR Conference 2017 on January 11, 2017 Next PostNext DCP Midstream, LLC and DCP Midstream Partners, LP Combine to Form the Largest NGL Producer and Gas Processor in the U.S. with an Enterprise Value of $11 Billion, and Announces Multiple New Growth Proj Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts Sammy Networks comienza a distribuir el “Ramen Soul”, la versión en inglés de su popular juego de gestión de restaurantes de ramen, “Ramen Tamashii” para teléfonos inteligentes que ya lleva más de 5 millones de descargas 16 January 2017 Sammy Networks annonce la sortie de « Ramen Soul », la version anglaise de son populaire jeu de gestion de restaurant de nouilles ramen pour smartphone, « Ramen Tamashii », téléchargé plus de cinq millions de fois 16 January 2017 The Pat Summitt Clinic to Advance Alzheimer's Care; Honor Legendary Coach 16 January 2017 Minister Dominic LeBlanc's statement regarding the vessel ARCA 1 16 January 2017 MYANMAR PHARMA: MiTA Myanmar Pharma Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 16 January 2017 MYANMAR RENEWABLE ENERGY: MiTA Myanmar Solar Energy Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 16 January 2017 Mobissue Flipbook Software: Safer and More Secure Digital Publishing Solution 16 January 2017 Китайский магнат Ван Цзяньлинь продемонстрировал свои таланты рок-исполнителя в духе впечатляющей трансформации Wangda Group в развлекательный конгломерат 16 January 2017 Chinas Entertainment-Tycoon Wang Jianlin zeigt, dass sein Rockstartalent zur Unternehmenstransformation der Wanda Group in Richtung Unterhaltung, Tourismus und Sport passt 16 January 2017 Washington University in St. Louis to Host Major Forum on Aging; Gathering in Shanghai Brings Together Greater China University Research Partners to Address Unprecedented Global Social Challenge 16 January 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Fatty Acid Esters Global Market Other Key Strategies By Type & Geography Analysis & Forecast to 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Fatty Acid Esters Global Market from its database. This report Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations. This report Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, January 04, 2017 ) The Global Fatty Acid Esters market is estimated at $1.89 billion in 2015 and is poised to reach $2.5 billion by 2022, growing at a CAGR of 4.0%. The factors that are driving the market growth include rising obesity, increasing demand in food industry and rising concerns relating to fitness and beauty. However, volatility in raw material prices is inhibiting the market. In 2015, Glyceryl monostearates segment commanded the largest market with a share of above 35%. However, isopropyl palmitate is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. Also, the cosmetics and personal care products is estimated to be the fastest growing application in the fatty acid esters market. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/fatty-acid-esters-global-market-outlook-2015-2022 In 2015, North America commanded the global market led by the increasing demand for personal care products and cosmetics. Asia Pacific is witnessing the fastest growth over the past few years owing to increasing demand for fatty acid esters in foods and cosmetics and the growth is expected to continue over the forecast period. Some of the key players in the market include Fine Organics, Cargill Inc., Estelle Chemicals, Procter & Gamble (P&G) Chemicals, Evonik Industries, E.I. DuPont de Nemours, KLK Oleo, World Chem Industries, Oleon NV, The Seydel Co. Inc. and Faci Asia Pacific Pte Ltd. Products Covered: - Glyceryl monostearate - Isopropyl palmitate - Medium chain triglyceride oil - Others Applications Covered: - Lubricants - Personal care products - Food - Cosmetics - Pharmaceuticals - Surfactants - Others Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001153335/sample Regions Covered: - North America - US - Canada - Mexico - Europe - Germany - France - Italy - UK - Spain - Rest of Europe - Asia Pacific - Japan - China - India - Australia - New Zealand - Rest of Asia Pacific - Rest of the World - Middle East - Brazil - Argentina - South Africa - Egypt What our report offers: - Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments - Market share analysis of the top industry players - Strategic recommendations for the new entrants - Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets - Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) - Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations - Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends - Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments - Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Company Profiling 9.1 Fine Organics 9.2 Cargill Inc. 9.3 Estelle Chemicals 9.4 Procter & Gamble (P&G) Chemicals 9.5 Evonik Industries 9.6 E.I. DuPont de Nemours 9.7 KLK Oleo 9.8 World Chem Industries 9.9 Oleon NV 9.10 The Seydel Co. Inc 9.11 Faci Asia Pacific Pte Ltd Inquire before Buying at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001153335/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Skip to content SAT Press Releases PR Distribution Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on January 4, 2017January 4, 2017 by Press Release Facial Care Market (By Product Type – Skin Whitening/ Lightening and Anti-Ageing, Facial Creams, Face Wash, Cleansing Wipes, Serums and Masks and Others ) Transparency Market Research, in a report titled “Facial Care Market – Asia-Pacific Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2013 – 2019,” states that the Asia Pacific facial care market is poised to expand at a 6.90% CAGR from 2013 to 2019, rising to a value of US$39.7 bn by the end of the forecast period. The facial care market comprises cosmetic products used to retain youthful appearance, beauty, and health of the lips, skin, eyes, and other features of the face. The facial care market is a part of the skincare market and has been witnessing rapid growth in Asia Pacific thanks to the rising popularity of multifunctional products and the widening scope of distribution channels. PDF brochure: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… On the basis of product, the Asia Pacific facial care market is segmented into facial creams, cleansing wipes, skin lightening/whitening and anti-aging creams, face wash, masks and serums, and others such as toners, fade creams, and pore strips. In 2012, the skin whitening/lightening and anti-aging creams segment held the largest share of 35.70% in terms of revenue. The surging demand for anti-aging and skin whitening creams over the years, the greater penetration of the media and aggressive advertising, and the increase in disposable income have contributed towards the growth of this product segment. Organized retailing and the rising demand for men’s skincare products have also fueled the skin lightening/whitening and anti-aging creams segment. By consumer group, the facial care market in Asia Pacific is divided into men and women. Even though the women’s segment dominates the overall market, the men’s segment is anticipated to gain rapid momentum by 2019 thanks to the rising trend of men becoming more conscious of their skin and overall looks. On the basis of retail distribution, the Asia Pacific facial care market is bifurcated into non-store-based sales and store-based sales. The non-store-based segment is projected to expand at the highest CAGR from 2013 to 2019 owing to the rising internet penetration around the world and the soaring popularity of social networking sites, where manufacturers can place their product advertisements. The Asia Pacific facial care market comprises Japan, Indonesia, Hong Kong, Thailand, China, India, Malaysia, South Korea, and Oceania (Australia and New Zealand). Of these, China dominates the overall market, with Japan and India following suit. Consumers in these countries prefer Western luxury brands and the consumer base here is significantly driven by the need to look young and beautiful. These factors have greatly fueled the Asia Pacific facial care market. The competitive landscape of the Asia Pacific facial care market is characterized by the presence of several large multinational companies. Players such as Estee Lauder Companies Inc., Johnson and Johnson Limited, Shiseido Co. Ltd., Kao Corporation, Procter and Gamble Company (P&G), Kose Corporation, L’Oreal S.A., and The Unilever Plc. have been participating in mergers and acquisitions so as to strengthen and maintain their position in the Asia Pacific facial care market. About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriessatPRnews TagsCO, data, Internet, Momentum Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Glass Tableware Market – Top Vendors (Anchor, Pearl Glass Co., Arc International, Sisecam, Bormioli, Leonox, Pyramid Glass) Next PostNext Primary Packaging Market- Top Vendors(Datwyler Holding Inc., Gerresheimer AG, Heinz-Glas GmbH, Wihuri Group) Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts Sammy Networks annonce la sortie de « Ramen Soul », la version anglaise de son populaire jeu de gestion de restaurant de nouilles ramen pour smartphone, « Ramen Tamashii », téléchargé plus de cinq millions de fois January 16, 2017 Sammy Networks comienza a distribuir el “Ramen Soul”, la versión en inglés de su popular juego de gestión de restaurantes de ramen, “Ramen Tamashii” para teléfonos inteligentes que ya lleva más de 5 millones de descargas January 16, 2017 San Francisco Certified Auto Body Shop Collision Repair Service Update Launched January 16, 2017 Staten Island Magician Ventriloquist Birthday Party Magic Show Services Launched January 16, 2017 Clean and Clear Earns Esteemed 2016 Angie’s List Super Service Award January 16, 2017 Las Vegas MMA Personal Training Get Fit Gym CrossFit Problems Report Launched January 16, 2017 Chinas Entertainment-Tycoon Wang Jianlin zeigt, dass sein Rockstartalent zur Unternehmenstransformation der Wanda Group in Richtung Unterhaltung, Tourismus und Sport passt January 16, 2017 The Pat Summitt Clinic to Advance Alzheimer’s Care; Honor Legendary Coach January 16, 2017 Minister Dominic LeBlanc’s statement regarding the vessel ARCA 1 January 16, 2017 MYANMAR PHARMA: MiTA Myanmar Pharma Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 January 16, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 19,886 -5.27 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,574 +26.63 +0.48% S&P 500 2,275 +4.20 +0.18% 10:14 P.M. ET Updated My stepfather left $1 million to strangers and dead people 10:14 P.M. ET Updated My brother is addicted to opiates and wants to set up an LLC to control our mother’s estate 9:18 P.M. ET Updated My father died with no will — can I stop my mother from inheriting his home? 8:44 P.M. ET Here's what Trump means for the tech industry 6:54 P.M. ET Ice Storms Cause Hazards in Great Plains States 6:21 P.M. ET These dogs make up to $10K per social media post 6:03 P.M. ET Updated U.K. pound drops ahead of Theresa May’s Brexit speech 5:27 P.M. ET CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump 5:10 P.M. ET Updated Don’t buy the spin: Trump’s tycoons really will avoid taxes 5:00 P.M. ET Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 4:57 P.M. ET Nvidia and Audi predict self-driving car by 2020 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Divorce lawyers: 30% more couples terminate their marriage in January 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Most Americans are one medical emergency away from financial disaster 4:19 P.M. ET Updated My ex-husband left me his $150,000 pension — his sister says it was an oversight 2:04 P.M. ET More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration 2:03 P.M. ET Davos elite promise global solutions, but they’re part of the problem 2:01 P.M. ET Unrest could grip Germany in 2017 and U.S. investors could suffer fallout 2:00 P.M. ET 4 reforms we must make to our democracy to protect the American economy 1:39 P.M. ET Updated Sanders says ‘it would not be a bad thing’ if FBI boss Comey stepped down 1:37 P.M. ET Updated Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus to shut down after 146 years Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Ace Metrix Recognizes the Ads that Moved Us in 2016 By Published: Jan 3, 2017 1:37 p.m. ET Share These are the ads that inspired us, warmed our hearts, and made us laugh in a year marked by divisiveness and unrest LOS ANGELES, Jan 03, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Ace Metrix, the leader in measuring the impact of video advertising, today released lists of the ads that U.S. consumers found most heartwarming, inspirational, humorous, and creative in 2016. The lists were derived through scientific calculation based on the frequency of emotive words and phrases used in viewer comments. Out of nearly 8,000 video ads analyzed last year, these ads distinguished themselves by achieving the highest level of emotional impact with viewers. “One of the ground truths proven by our data again and again is that emotionally evocative ads, whether heartwarming or inspirational or humorous, are the best at grabbing viewer attention, being persuasive, and influencing in-market behavior,” said Peter Daboll, CEO of Ace Metrix. He added, “Last year was marked by intensely emotional events, and video advertising was in some ways a reflection of this. The Olympics brought many uplifting pieces of creative from brands like Hershey’s and P&G, while brands like Zappos and Microsoft tackled social issues like homelessness and female empowerment. The presidential election opened the door for brands to deliver messages of inclusion and unity. As usual, the Super Bowl brought us some of the year’s funniest ads, including Doritos final installment of Crash the Super Bowl.” “We also saw brands such as Johnsonville, Avocados from Mexico, and Kohler surprise us using innovative approaches to creating memorable ads. Operating on a highly creative plane, these brands kept viewer interest though clever dialogue and mesmerizing visuals,” said Daboll. The lists below provide a look back at the ads that moved us last year. They were ranked using multiple NLP techniques to determine emotional reaction uncovered in viewer comments. The example words and phrases below were the highest matches related to each specific emotional sentiment. The Most Inspirational Ads of 2016 – frequently occurring words and phrases include “very inspiring”, “motivating”, “empowering”, and “uplifting”: Rank   Brand   Ad Title   Ad Length 1   Nike   Unlimited Scout Bassett   2:17 2   Frosted Flakes   Making of “Let Your Gr-r-reat Out”   1:00 3   Always   #LikeAGirl Keep Playing   1:00 4   Fitbit   Love Fit: Team Hoyt   :30 5   Microsoft   What are you going to make?   1:39       The Most Heartwarming Ads of 2016 - frequently occurring words include “heartwarming”, “touching”, “emotional”, and “sentimental”: Rank   Brand   Ad Title   Ad Length 1   Hershey’s   Hello From Home: U.S. Olympic Wrestler Jordan Burroughs   2:00 2   Hallmark   Extraordinary   :30 3   Zappos   Box Home   1:49 4   Toyota   Welcome Home   :30 5   Procter & Gamble   Thank You, Mom   2:00       The Funniest Ads of 2016 - frequently occurring words and phrases include “funny”, “very funny”, “laugh out loud”, and “humorous”: Rank   Brand   Ad Title   Ad Length 1   Cheetos   The Lie Detector   :30 2   Doritos   Ultrasound   :30 3   Slim Jim   Grandma   :30 4   Slim Jim   Jim Skywriting   :30 5   Hyundai   First Date   1:00       The Most Creative Ads of 2016 - frequently occurring words include “clever”, “creative”, “witty”, and “unique”: Rank   Brand   Ad Title   Ad Length 1   Johnsonville   "Regular Speed Chase" by Brett   1:11 2   Avocados from Mexico   #AvosInSpace   1:00 3   Kohler   Never Too Next   :30 4   Audi   Duel   1:30 5   Adidas   Basketball Needs Creators, feat. James Harden   1:00       Ace Metrix measures ad creative effectiveness based on viewer reaction to video ads, providing the advertising industry an unbiased resource to measure creative impact. Ace Metrix scores every national television ad, and an expanding proportion of digital ads, across 96 categories creating a complete comparative database—Ace Metrix LIVE®. A unique panel of at least 500 consumers, demographically balanced to the U.S. census, scores each ad in the exact same manner. The results are presented on a scale of 1–950, which represents scoring on creative attributes such as Attention, Likeability, Information, Change, Relevance, Desire and Watchability. Ace Metrix applies a natural language processing algorithm to the hundreds of qualitative verbatim responses collected for each ad, deriving additional metrics related to emotional engagement. About Ace Metrix Ace Metrix® is the standard in television and digital video analytics, dedicated to measuring the impact of video ad creative. We provide data and insight to enable marketers and creative teams to produce more impactful work, test and adjust creative executions in real-time, and understand what creative drivers impact their brand KPIs. The Company is privately held and is backed by leading venture capital firms and industry leaders including Hummer Winblad Venture Partners, Palomar Ventures, Leapfrog Ventures and WPP. Follow Ace Metrix on Twitter for sustained insight: @Ace_Metrix. Note: Ace Metrix®, the Ace Metrix logo design, Ace Score®, Ace Metrix LIVE® and Creative Lifecycle Management® are registered trademarks of Ace Metrix. Other trademarks are property of their respective owners. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170103006080/en/ SOURCE: Ace Metrix"> <Property FormalName="PrimaryTwitterHandle" Value="@Ace_Metrix Ace Metrix Shannon Gerard, 989-992-0384 sgerard@acemetrix.com Copyright Business Wire 2017 Most Popular Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration Stocks may need a flawless earnings season to keep Trump rally going CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump Tour the house Obama will live in after he moves out of the White House MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
null
Advertisement Subscribe to Adweek Adweek Blog Network: TVNewser| TVSpy| LostRemote| AgencySpy| PRNewser| SocialTimes| FishbowlNY| FishbowlDC| GalleyCat This Is (Not for) Us Why Fox handed the season's biggest new show to NBC Failing Pile of Garbage BuzzFeed's flash sale of 'garbage' merchandise raises $25,000 for CPJ Subscribe to Adweek Get a full year of print and digital editions for just $69 The Press Television Technology Advertising & Branding Adfreak Video SUBSCRIBE X Magazine Subscription Subscribe to Adweek Magazine and get the iPad edition for free! Subscribe Now Harry's, the Shaving Brand, Tells Its Whole Unlikely Story in This Fun Long-Form Ad Company tries TV for the first time By T.L. Stanley January 3, 2017, 9:45 AM EST To tell the origin story of Harry's, the shaving subscription service, co-founders Jeff Raider and Andy Katz-Mayfield will show you their baby pictures and their boxer shorts. It's their way of explaining how a couple of self-professed regular guys went through puberty, sprouted their first facial hair, felt ripped off by the cost of grooming products, launched a company and angered Big Razor in the process (as in, fielded threats to have their pants sued off). New York-based Harry's, which has used only digital and social media marketing since its founding in 2013, kicks off its first national TV campaign next week. The move follows the debut this summer of a next-generation razor and its first retail deal with Target. The documentary-style ad, from agency Partners & Spade and directors Supermarche, launches this week across YouTube, Hulu and various digital media. It stars Harry's workers, including the baritone-voiced employee No. 2 (Jon Goldmann, director of brand engagement) who serves as its narrator, and its clean-shaven co-CEOs. The mini-movie, with a dash of animation and a charming Skype call from Katz-Mayfield's proud parents, runs about two and a half minutes, with shorter versions planned for cable TV. Here's the long-form: The campaign traces Raider and Katz-Mayfield's journey from disgruntled shavers to startup mavens, complete with their purchase of a 100-year-old razor factory outside Frankfurt, Germany. "Getting people to buy into the brand based on product and technology is clearly important, but the brand is more than that," Katz-Mayfield says. "It's a set of human beings. We want to showcase our community." Harry's competes directly with Dollar Shave Club (which also has fresh ads rolling out for the new year) and the category's traditional giants, Schick and Gillette, with the latter filing and later abandoning the aforementioned lawsuit. "Our biggest challenge is letting people know we exist," says Raider, who was one of the co-founders of Warby Parker. "We're at a point in our growth where we want to invest in that. The logical place for us to start is by talking about how we got to where we are today." That involved buying a $100 million razor manufacturing plant in Eisfeld, Germany, where much of the ad was shot, and working with its vice chairman, Heinz Becker, seen in the campaign embracing his new colleagues. (The deal was considered a bit of a head-scratcher in the beginning, say Harry's execs, who were nicknamed "the American internet cowboys" by the German media.) The campaign follows the trend of humanizing a brand by using C-suite mavens, not actors or pro athletes, as spokespeople. It's a tactic that worked incredibly well for online category leader Dollar Shave Club (now owned by Unilever) and its hugely popular viral videos starring founder Michael Dubin. Harry's, headquartered in SoHo, has amassed some 3 million customers, growing twice as fast as the e-commerce shaving category overall, with estimated revenue of $200 million in 2016. It was dubbed "the Warby Parker of shaving" by Inc magazine, an obvious nod to Raider's role in that disruptive, hugely successful eyewear seller. The Harry's campaign will air on national prime-time TV, mostly during male-targeted programming. It will also run in theaters and across social media with the tagline, "Meet the shaving company that's fixing shaving." Procter & Gamble's Gillette, though no longer suing Harry's, isn't taking the competition sitting down. It recently debuted a digital campaign of its own that hits its bargain-priced rival head-on, using social media comments from consumers who tried Harry's but abandoned the service. Gillette "Welcome Back" campaign, using the theme song from '70s sitcom Welcome Back, Kotter, is doling out free razors as part of an accompanying promotion. Though it's not the focus of the ads, Gillette now has its own shaving subscription service, launched in mid-2015 as a response to its e-commerce rivals. Men's grooming is huge business, with the overall category estimated at $3.3 billion in the U.S. alone, with online shaving clubs becoming the fastest-growing segment, according to Slice Intelligence. With so many brands duking it out in the space, Harry's execs said they believe in their "self-deprecating, hopefully relatable approach" to their first TV ads. "There's all this noise in the industry, and brands are shouting really loudly," Raider says. "If people get a peek into Harry's, they'll see our attention to detail. And we'll use this as a platform for more compelling creative down the line." See the 60- and 30-second cutdowns below:  CREDITS Creative Agency: Partners & Spade Directors: Supermarche (Henry Joost and Ariel Schulman) Production Company: Moxie Pictures Editor: PS 260/ Maury Loeb Music: Search Party ECD/Partner: Anthony Sperduti Creative Director: Jonathan Mackler Art Director:  Rob Matthews Executive Producers:  Erika Best & Andy Wilcox Account Director:  Catherine Borod Media Agency: Noble People  Get the The AdFreak Daily newsletter: Thanks for signing up! Check your inbox for a confirmation email. Topics: Harry's razors, Razors, Packaged Goods, Creative Subscribe to Adweek today. Now on the iPad! 1 0 Email Print Print Print ✕ Close Comments View the discussion thread. Advertisement Featured Jobs Account Director Happy Medium Working from home Social Media Strategist Oceana Washington, D.C. Audience Development Manager LADDERS New York City, New York News Producer News 12 Woodbury, New York Zeppelin Hall Beer Garden Social Media Strategist Grand Street Property Management Downtown Jersey City See More Jobs Recent Posts Can Pizza Hut Outdo Itself With These Sitcom-Style Ads From Viacom? Here's Proof You Can Get Away With Pretty Much Anything in a Radio Ad Here Are Fandango's Picks for the Most Anticipated Movies of 2017 Here's an Ad That Should Inspire Entrepreneurs Everywhere to Get Their Act Together Hyundai Takes Unboxing to a Whole New Level in This British Commercial Colonialism Is a Massive Beach Party in Australia's Latest Epic, Provocative Ad for Lamb This Documentary About Rick Ross Is Actually a Pretty Impressive Ad for Checkers Follow @AdFreak Advertisement About AdFreak AdFreak is a daily blog of the best and worst of creativity in advertising, media, marketing and design. Follow us as we celebrate (and skewer) the latest, greatest, quirkiest and freakiest commercials, promos, trailers, posters, billboards, logos and package designs around. Edited by Adweek's Tim Nudd. Click to Subscribe to AdFreak RSS Contributors Tim Nudd David Gianatasio David Griner Alfred Maskeroni Rebecca Cullers Gabriel Beltrone Roo Ciambriello David Kiefaber Blogroll Adland Adpulp Adrants Ads of the World Agency Spy The Denver Egotist Osocio To tell the origin story of Harry's, the shaving subscription service, co-founders Jeff Raider and Andy Katz-Mayfield will show you their baby pictures and their boxer shorts. It's their way of explaining how a couple of self-professed regular guys went through puberty, sprouted their first facial hair, felt ripped off by the cost of grooming products, launched a company and angered Big Razor in the process (as in, fielded threats to have their pants sued off). New York-based Harry's, which has used only digital and social media marketing since its founding in 2013, kicks off its first national TV campaign next week. The move follows the debut this summer of a next-generation razor and its first retail deal with Target. The documentary-style ad, from agency Partners & Spade and directors Supermarche, launches this week across YouTube, Hulu and various digital media. It stars Harry's workers, including the baritone-voiced employee No. 2 (Jon Goldmann, director of brand engagement) who serves as its narrator, and its clean-shaven co-CEOs. The mini-movie, with a dash of animation and a charming Skype call from Katz-Mayfield's proud parents, runs about two and a half minutes, with shorter versions planned for cable TV. Here's the long-form: The campaign traces Raider and Katz-Mayfield's journey from disgruntled shavers to startup mavens, complete with their purchase of a 100-year-old razor factory outside Frankfurt, Germany. "Getting people to buy into the brand based on product and technology is clearly important, but the brand is more than that," Katz-Mayfield says. "It's a set of human beings. We want to showcase our community." Harry's competes directly with Dollar Shave Club (which also has fresh ads rolling out for the new year) and the category's traditional giants, Schick and Gillette, with the latter filing and later abandoning the aforementioned lawsuit. "Our biggest challenge is letting people know we exist," says Raider, who was one of the co-founders of Warby Parker. "We're at a point in our growth where we want to invest in that. The logical place for us to start is by talking about how we got to where we are today." That involved buying a $100 million razor manufacturing plant in Eisfeld, Germany, where much of the ad was shot, and working with its vice chairman, Heinz Becker, seen in the campaign embracing his new colleagues. (The deal was considered a bit of a head-scratcher in the beginning, say Harry's execs, who were nicknamed "the American internet cowboys" by the German media.) The campaign follows the trend of humanizing a brand by using C-suite mavens, not actors or pro athletes, as spokespeople. It's a tactic that worked incredibly well for online category leader Dollar Shave Club (now owned by Unilever) and its hugely popular viral videos starring founder Michael Dubin. Harry's, headquartered in SoHo, has amassed some 3 million customers, growing twice as fast as the e-commerce shaving category overall, with estimated revenue of $200 million in 2016. It was dubbed "the Warby Parker of shaving" by Inc magazine, an obvious nod to Raider's role in that disruptive, hugely successful eyewear seller. The Harry's campaign will air on national prime-time TV, mostly during male-targeted programming. It will also run in theaters and across social media with the tagline, "Meet the shaving company that's fixing shaving." Procter & Gamble's Gillette, though no longer suing Harry's, isn't taking the competition sitting down. It recently debuted a digital campaign of its own that hits its bargain-priced rival head-on, using social media comments from consumers who tried Harry's but abandoned the service. Gillette "Welcome Back" campaign, using the theme song from '70s sitcom Welcome Back, Kotter, is doling out free razors as part of an accompanying promotion. Though it's not the focus of the ads, Gillette now has its own shaving subscription service, launched in mid-2015 as a response to its e-commerce rivals. Men's grooming is huge business, with the overall category estimated at $3.3 billion in the U.S. alone, with online shaving clubs becoming the fastest-growing segment, according to Slice Intelligence. With so many brands duking it out in the space, Harry's execs said they believe in their "self-deprecating, hopefully relatable approach" to their first TV ads. "There's all this noise in the industry, and brands are shouting really loudly," Raider says. "If people get a peek into Harry's, they'll see our attention to detail. And we'll use this as a platform for more compelling creative down the line." See the 60- and 30-second cutdowns below:  CREDITS Creative Agency: Partners & Spade Directors: Supermarche (Henry Joost and Ariel Schulman) Production Company: Moxie Pictures Editor: PS 260/ Maury Loeb Music: Search Party ECD/Partner: Anthony Sperduti Creative Director: Jonathan Mackler Art Director:  Rob Matthews Executive Producers:  Erika Best & Andy Wilcox Account Director:  Catherine Borod Media Agency: Noble People  Advertisement Terms of use | Privacy Policy ©2017 Adweek   All Rights Reserved About Media Kit Contact Us BrandShare Webinars Events Custom Print Sections Subscribe to Adweek Subscription Options Digital App Newsletters Reprints Back Issues RSS Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat Additional Info Trophies, Awards & Seals Customer Service
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Global Fatty Amines Market to Reach US$ 2.2 Bn by 2020 - Persistence Market Research News provided by Persistence Market Research Pvt. Ltd. Jan 03, 2017, 08:15 ET Share this article NEW YORK, January 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Global Fatty Amines Market to Observe Moderate Growth and Expanding at a CAGR of 4.1% Over 2016-2020. Application in Water Treatment to Remain Primary Driver  Applications in several end-use industries will continue to fuel the market for fatty amines globally. By 2016 end, the global fatty amines market is estimated at US$ 1,855.3 Mn. Developing countries in Asia-Pacific will remain the key markets for fatty amines, whereas applications in water treatment and agro-chemical industries will continue to generate significant demand for fatty amines.      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161114/438683LOGO ) Browse Full Market Overview and Research Methodology@ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/fatty-amines-market.asp Corrosion inhibition, fabric softening, lubricant additive, organ claying, and sanitization are some of the most popular applications, which are expected to sustain the demand for fatty acids in a market. A few other prominent applications, including mining, water treatment, personal care, anti-caking, oilfield chemicals, paints and coatings, and agro-chemicals, are also likely to register significant consumption. Rising global population resulting in increasing demand for food products is eventually driving the market for asphalt-additives and agro-chemicals. Similarly, growing need for water treatment will be a major factor propelling the market for water treatment chemicals, and in turn escalating the sales of fatty amines. The advent of technology and new application development will be a vital factor favoring the market growth. Mining, paints and coatings, fabric conditioning, and detergents, are foreseen to be the major verticals recording notable consumption of fatty acids. Industries associated with the paints and coatings vertical, such as automotive and construction, are foreseen to be among the prominent consumers of fatty amines. The volatility of the prices of raw materials and uncertainty of the fatty amines availability may, however, continue to create unfavorable conditions for the global fatty amines market growth. A sample of this report is available upon request@ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/12913 By product type, the global fatty amines market will witness continued dominance by the tertiary fatty amines segment. With the largest market value share of over 47% by 2016 end, this segment may experience a slight decline in its market share post-2016. Primary fatty amines segment, with over 29% revenue share in 2016, is likely to witness a Y-o-Y of 4.9% in 2017 over 2016. Based on application, water treatment segment is anticipated to lead the global fatty amines market. Agro-chemicals will also be another key segment, followed by asphalt-additives. Oilfield chemicals segment will also remain a notable application segment. Other application segments include anti-caking and others i.e. mining, personal care, and fabric softener. "View Report Table of Contents, Figures, and Tables" By region, APAC is likely to remain dominant with nearly 30% market value share in 2016. In 2017, this region will witness moderate Y-o-Y growth of 4.2% over 2016.  The next key market is North America that is expected to exhibit a higher Y-o-Y of 6.3% in 2017 over 2016. DuPont, Kao Corporation, AkzoNobel N.V., Clariant AG, Evonik Industries AG, Procter & Gamble Chemicals Company, Sigma-Aldrich Corporation, CECA Arkema Group, Lonza, and Volant-Chem Group are some of the leading companies participating in the global fatty amines market. To Buy Full Report for a Single User @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/checkout/12913 PMR Overview  Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Persistence Market Research U.S. Sales Office: 305 Broadway, 7th Floor New York City, NY 10007 United States USA - Canada Toll-Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com Blog: http://www.pmrblog.com/ SOURCE Persistence Market Research Pvt. Ltd. Jan 04, 2017, 05:45 ET Preview: Asia Pacific Peracetic Acid (PAA) Market to Reach US$ 164.2 Mn by 2024 - Persistence Market Research Jan 03, 2017, 07:45 ET Preview: Flare Gas Recovery System (FGRS) Market to Reach US$ 2,000 Mn by 2020 - Persistence Market Research My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 11, 2017, 08:00 ETGlobal Uveitis Treatment Market Revenues Poised to Reach US$... Jan 11, 2017, 07:30 ETDemand for Industrial Dryers Will Reach at 3,049 Units Globally... Explore More news releases in similar topics Food & Beverages Water Utilities Chemical Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global Fatty Amines Market to Reach US$ 2.2 Bn by 2020 - Persistence Market Research News provided by Persistence Market Research Pvt. Ltd. Jan 03, 2017, 08:15 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 January 20173 January 2017 by Global Fatty Amines Market to Reach US$ 2.2 Bn by 2020 – Persistence Market Research NEW YORK, January 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Global Fatty Amines Market to Observe Moderate Growth and Expanding at a CAGR of 4.1% Over 2016-2020. Application in Water Treatment to Remain Primary Driver  Applications in several end-use industries will continue to fuel the market for fatty amines globally. By 2016 end, the global fatty amines market is estimated at US$ 1,855.3 Mn. Developing countries in Asia-Pacific will remain the key markets for fatty amines, whereas applications in water treatment and agro-chemical industries will continue to generate significant demand for fatty amines. Browse Full Market Overview and Research Methodology@ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/fatty-amines-market.asp Corrosion inhibition, fabric softening, lubricant additive, organ claying, and sanitization are some of the most popular applications, which are expected to sustain the demand for fatty acids in a market. A few other prominent applications, including mining, water treatment, personal care, anti-caking, oilfield chemicals, paints and coatings, and agro-chemicals, are also likely to register significant consumption. Rising global population resulting in increasing demand for food products is eventually driving the market for asphalt-additives and agro-chemicals. Similarly, growing need for water treatment will be a major factor propelling the market for water treatment chemicals, and in turn escalating the sales of fatty amines. The advent of technology and new application development will be a vital factor favoring the market growth. Mining, paints and coatings, fabric conditioning, and detergents, are foreseen to be the major verticals recording notable consumption of fatty acids. Industries associated with the paints and coatings vertical, such as automotive and construction, are foreseen to be among the prominent consumers of fatty amines. The volatility of the prices of raw materials and uncertainty of the fatty amines availability may, however, continue to create unfavorable conditions for the global fatty amines market growth. A sample of this report is available upon request@ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/12913 By product type, the global fatty amines market will witness continued dominance by the tertiary fatty amines segment. With the largest market value share of over 47% by 2016 end, this segment may experience a slight decline in its market share post-2016. Primary fatty amines segment, with over 29% revenue share in 2016, is likely to witness a Y-o-Y of 4.9% in 2017 over 2016. Based on application, water treatment segment is anticipated to lead the global fatty amines market. Agro-chemicals will also be another key segment, followed by asphalt-additives. Oilfield chemicals segment will also remain a notable application segment. Other application segments include anti-caking and others i.e. mining, personal care, and fabric softener. “View Report Table of Contents, Figures, and Tables“ By region, APAC is likely to remain dominant with nearly 30% market value share in 2016. In 2017, this region will witness moderate Y-o-Y growth of 4.2% over 2016.  The next key market is North America that is expected to exhibit a higher Y-o-Y of 6.3% in 2017 over 2016. DuPont, Kao Corporation, AkzoNobel N.V., Clariant AG, Evonik Industries AG, Procter & Gamble Chemicals Company, Sigma-Aldrich Corporation, CECA Arkema Group, Lonza, and Volant-Chem Group are some of the leading companies participating in the global fatty amines market. To Buy Full Report for a Single User @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/checkout/12913 PMR Overview  Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Persistence Market Research U.S. Sales Office: 305 Broadway, 7th Floor New York City, NY 10007 United States USA – Canada Toll-Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com Blog: http://www.pmrblog.com/ SOURCE Persistence Market Research Pvt. Ltd. Tagscompany, intelligence, major, post Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Archery Tag Rings in 2017 Next PostNext Top Reasons to Use Online Free Auto Insurance Quotes When Shopping for Coverage! Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts Sammy Networks comienza a distribuir el “Ramen Soul”, la versión en inglés de su popular juego de gestión de restaurantes de ramen, “Ramen Tamashii” para teléfonos inteligentes que ya lleva más de 5 millones de descargas 16 January 2017 Sammy Networks annonce la sortie de « Ramen Soul », la version anglaise de son populaire jeu de gestion de restaurant de nouilles ramen pour smartphone, « Ramen Tamashii », téléchargé plus de cinq millions de fois 16 January 2017 The Pat Summitt Clinic to Advance Alzheimer's Care; Honor Legendary Coach 16 January 2017 Minister Dominic LeBlanc's statement regarding the vessel ARCA 1 16 January 2017 MYANMAR PHARMA: MiTA Myanmar Pharma Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 16 January 2017 MYANMAR RENEWABLE ENERGY: MiTA Myanmar Solar Energy Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 16 January 2017 Mobissue Flipbook Software: Safer and More Secure Digital Publishing Solution 16 January 2017 Китайский магнат Ван Цзяньлинь продемонстрировал свои таланты рок-исполнителя в духе впечатляющей трансформации Wangda Group в развлекательный конгломерат 16 January 2017 Chinas Entertainment-Tycoon Wang Jianlin zeigt, dass sein Rockstartalent zur Unternehmenstransformation der Wanda Group in Richtung Unterhaltung, Tourismus und Sport passt 16 January 2017 Washington University in St. Louis to Host Major Forum on Aging; Gathering in Shanghai Brings Together Greater China University Research Partners to Address Unprecedented Global Social Challenge 16 January 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Food & Beverages | Water Utilities | Chemical | Surveys, Polls and Research Global Fatty Amines Market to Reach US$ 2.2 Bn by 2020 - Persistence Market Research Download image NEW YORK, January 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Global Fatty Amines Market to Observe Moderate Growth and Expanding at a CAGR of 4.1% Over 2016-2020. Application in Water Treatment to Remain Primary Driver  Applications in several end-use industries will continue to fuel the market for fatty amines globally. By 2016 end, the global fatty amines market is estimated at US$ 1,855.3 Mn. Developing countries in Asia-Pacific will remain the key markets for fatty amines, whereas applications in water treatment and agro-chemical industries will continue to generate significant demand for fatty amines.      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161114/438683LOGO ) Browse Full Market Overview and Research Methodology@ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/fatty-amines-market.asp Corrosion inhibition, fabric softening, lubricant additive, organ claying, and sanitization are some of the most popular applications, which are expected to sustain the demand for fatty acids in a market. A few other prominent applications, including mining, water treatment, personal care, anti-caking, oilfield chemicals, paints and coatings, and agro-chemicals, are also likely to register significant consumption. Rising global population resulting in increasing demand for food products is eventually driving the market for asphalt-additives and agro-chemicals. Similarly, growing need for water treatment will be a major factor propelling the market for water treatment chemicals, and in turn escalating the sales of fatty amines. The advent of technology and new application development will be a vital factor favoring the market growth. Mining, paints and coatings, fabric conditioning, and detergents, are foreseen to be the major verticals recording notable consumption of fatty acids. Industries associated with the paints and coatings vertical, such as automotive and construction, are foreseen to be among the prominent consumers of fatty amines. The volatility of the prices of raw materials and uncertainty of the fatty amines availability may, however, continue to create unfavorable conditions for the global fatty amines market growth. A sample of this report is available upon request@ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/12913 By product type, the global fatty amines market will witness continued dominance by the tertiary fatty amines segment. With the largest market value share of over 47% by 2016 end, this segment may experience a slight decline in its market share post-2016. Primary fatty amines segment, with over 29% revenue share in 2016, is likely to witness a Y-o-Y of 4.9% in 2017 over 2016. Based on application, water treatment segment is anticipated to lead the global fatty amines market. Agro-chemicals will also be another key segment, followed by asphalt-additives. Oilfield chemicals segment will also remain a notable application segment. Other application segments include anti-caking and others i.e. mining, personal care, and fabric softener. "View Report Table of Contents, Figures, and Tables" By region, APAC is likely to remain dominant with nearly 30% market value share in 2016. In 2017, this region will witness moderate Y-o-Y growth of 4.2% over 2016.  The next key market is North America that is expected to exhibit a higher Y-o-Y of 6.3% in 2017 over 2016. DuPont, Kao Corporation, AkzoNobel N.V., Clariant AG, Evonik Industries AG, Procter & Gamble Chemicals Company, Sigma-Aldrich Corporation, CECA Arkema Group, Lonza, and Volant-Chem Group are some of the leading companies participating in the global fatty amines market. To Buy Full Report for a Single User @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/checkout/12913 PMR Overview  Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Persistence Market Research U.S. Sales Office: 305 Broadway, 7th Floor New York City, NY 10007 United States USA - Canada Toll-Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com Blog: http://www.pmrblog.com/ SOURCE Persistence Market Research Pvt. Ltd. More by this Source Global Uveitis Treatment Market Revenues Poised to Reach US$ 847.8 Mn by 2024 - Persistence Market Research 11 Jan, 2017, 13:00 GMT Demand for Industrial Dryers Will Reach at 3,049 Units Globally by 2024, Says Persistence Market Research 11 Jan, 2017, 12:30 GMT Global Combination Antibody Therapy Market to Reach US$ 144,734.5 Million by 2024 - Persistence Market Research 10 Jan, 2017, 12:00 GMT View all news by Persistence Market Research Pvt. Ltd. Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Food & Beverages News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Long Live Reach: Buying Eyeballs Still Works If It's Done Right By Brian Sheehan - 2 hours ago Array 0 Mobile Wallet's Branding Problem By Matt Silk - 2 hours ago Array 0 BBDO Names Tara DeVeaux CMO; Doubles Down on Insights, Data By Lindsay Stein - 2 hours ago Array 0 Why Agencies Should Race to the 'Middle' By Marc Brownstein - 2 hours ago Array 0 Sprint Invites Agencies to Pitch for Media Planning and Buying By Lindsay Stein - 16 hours ago Array 0 Mobile Wallet's Branding Problem By Matt Silk - 2 hours ago 0 BBDO Names Tara DeVeaux CMO; Doubles Down on Insights, Data By Lindsay Stein - 2 hours ago 0 Facebook Says Network Now Serves Ads to Washington Post, Rolling Stone, 1B People By Garett Sloane - 19 hours ago 0 How This Regional Toyota Marketer Connected TV Ads to Dealer Visits By Kate Kaye - Yesterday 0 Three Costly Mobile Advertising Habits to Shake in 2017 By Scott Swanson - Yesterday 0 Why Creative Agencies Need to Think Like Consultants in 2017 By Penry Price - Yesterday 0 Here's How the New Vertical Video Ads Will Look Inside Instagram Stories By Garett Sloane - Yesterday 0 How This Regional Toyota Marketer Connected TV Ads to Dealer Visits By Kate Kaye - Yesterday 0 Three Costly Mobile Advertising Habits to Shake in 2017 By Scott Swanson - Yesterday 0 Just How Epic Are Tom Brady's Moves? Intel's Super Bowl Spot Has the Answer By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 23 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Google Links Brands With YouTube Creators: Are Agencies and Influencer Networks Threatened? By Jack Neff. Published on January 03, 2017. Most Popular YouTube video bloggers and other independent producers have been a growing part of marketing content creation for brands, sometimes in deals brokered by third parties. Now Google itself is getting in on the action, linking YouTube video production talent with brands and their agencies to produce video ads for the site. Through an initiative called YouTube Labs, Google, working with influencer network AwesomenessTV, recently linked L'Oreal brands Maybelline, Essie and Dark & Lovely with YouTube creators, who also worked with agencies Code & Theory and Tag Creative. The result is a series of videos for each brand. L'Oreal USA had exclusive U.S. use of YouTube Labs for 2016 in what Kirk Perry, Google president-client and agency relations, describes as an alpha test, though the model will be open to other companies this year. In Europe, BMW, Johnson & Johnson and Mondelez have tested the approach. The effort moves Google into a sort of talent brokerage, linking content creators on YouTube with brands. And in the case of the L'Oreal brands, that didn't mean hooking them up with beauty bloggers with which they're already familiar in many cases through content or promotional deals. Rather it meant bringing creative talent from others areas, such as travel blogger Raya Encheva, together with brands. Google doesn't make any commission or fee from the arrangement, Mr. Perry said, though the content creators do, and Google benefits from paid advertising revenue for placement of the videos on its site. There's no restriction on brands using the videos elsewhere, such as Facebook, other publishers or their own sites. The effort came out of brainstorming sessions earlier last year on "the next generation of content," said L'Oreal USA Chief Marketing Officer Marie Gulin-Merle. "The idea was to put in one room in a beauty hackathon the YouTube creators, our marketing teams and our agencies. We would behave as publishers and invent the web series." Howard Collinge, group creative director at Code and Theory, which worked on the videos for Essie and Maybelline with the YouTube creators, said he doesn't see the outside help as a threat. "This was a really great collaboration," he said. "From the creative side, I think it gave us a lot of freedom." The emphasis was on speed, with the agency going straight to production once the scripts were approved, guided by insights from YouTube creators and what they knew about the market," he said. "But we essentially wrote scripts and went and shot them. So we used them as a springboard. We had a lot of creative freedom to do what we thought was the right thing." The brief was simple, Mr. Collinge said: "Be entertaining and really get their attention and be relevant. That's a great brief for any agency. It was a very experimental lab approach that felt a lot freer and more fun, nothing like a typical ad agency where you get briefed and have six weeks to work and then research and go shoot a commercial." Ms. Gulin-Merle also describes the process as "less linear than before," replacing the usual process involving copy testing. "It was a fast and furious way of working with one motto: Better done than perfect. It's OK if you don't take another week to polish the content. You put it online and optimize from there and listen to the conversations and feedback from the consumer." Among the ideas in the series was to tap into the stories behind the names of Essie nail polishes, she said. One video tells a story behind "Jamaica Me Crazy," named after an annoying vacation-intensive coworker and her trip to the island. It's less clear if Google getting involved as a conduit between YouTube creators and brands helps companies like Gen.Video, which has done the same thing albeit with somewhat different projects for such players as Procter & Gamble's Olay. "This is a logical and inevitable evolution of Google's facilitation role in the YouTube marketplace," said Jessica Thorpe, president of Gen.Video, in a statement. "It will put added pressure on companies (platforms and agencies) to provide more services than simply matching to support and amplify the impact of influencer video." Gen. Video is already doing that, she said, in part by facilitating distribution of videos created by the producers it represents on e-commerce sites. "The players that only provide exchange-based matching will quickly die out, and those that can differentiate will thrive as leveraging influencers becomes more universal," she said. But she said Google's involvement will "be another catalyst for growth for the video generation." "I don't think we compete in any way, shape or form with the Gen.Videos of the world or the Tongals of the world," said Google's Mr. Perry. "We obviously have a little insight on the YouTube business and the creator ecosystem. We also have access to a lot of data and analytics about where consumers are and what they're watching. So we have that unique insight others wouldn't have." While Google gets no money directly from making the introductions, the idea, he said, is an investment to make brands more comfortable so they'll want to reach consumers on Google media. ~ ~ ~ CORRECTION: An earlier version of this article did not note that Google had worked with influencer network AwesomenessTV to link L'Oreal brands with YouTube creators. It also implied that Code & Theory worked on videos for Maybelline's Dark & Lovely brand; those were handled by Tag Creative. In this article: Agencies Beauty/Fashion CMO Strategy CPG Content Marketing Digital Digital Video Online Publishing Shopper Marketing Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Skip to content SAT Press Releases PR Distribution Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on January 3, 2017 by Abhishek Budholiya Professional Hair Care Products Market Revenue, Opportunity, Forecast and Value Chain 2014-2020 Beauty and personal care industry includes skin care, hair care, oral care, cosmetics, toiletries, and others. Of all the aforementioned segments, demand for hair care products has restored from 2013. Consumers are becoming sophisticated in nature which has led to change in buying patterns for personal care products. Thishas led to introduction of customized products sustaining the assorted need of the consumers based on different cultures, hair types, and regions. Also, rising concerns for hair protection, demand for professional hair care products is expected to increase in the next five to six years. Professional hair care products are predicted to record a growth of around 5% to 6% annually in the near future. Factors such ashair stylist recommendations, efficacy of the products, and increasing penetration of hair care services are expected to bolster the professional hair care products market growth in near future. The professional hair care market is expected to witness growth due to factors such as increased consumer spending on personal care products, growing disposable income of consumers in emerging nations, and increasing penetration of hair salon services across the globe. In addition, changing hair grooming pattern especially among the male consumers is expected to fuel the market growth. However, high pricing coupled with less availability of professional hair care products across the designed distribution channels are restricting the market growth. Although, the professional hair care products market has attained a maturity level in developed countries, introduction of highly specialized products in shampoo and hair colorant category is anticipated to enhance the market growth. Also, in developing countries introduction of products addressing issues of consumers related to grey hair, dandruff and hair loss are expected to fuel the market growth. For instance, in India inclination of consumers towards enhanced hair appearance is a key trend leading to a shift in consumers from conventional products to professional hair care products. Furthermore, increasing product visibility across multi retail outlets aids the market growth during 2015-2020. Request for sample report: http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-207 The professional hair care products market is segmented on the basis of product type, and distribution channels. The various professional hair care products are broadly classified as conditioners, shampoos, hair colorants, hair serums, hair masks, hair sprays, and others. Among abovementioned products, the hair colorants category is expected to witness a growth of around 8% to 9% as compared to the other products. The various distribution channels through which the professional hair care products are marketed include spa and salons, web or online shopping stores, supermarkets and hypermarkets, speciality stores, and others. North America is expected to dominate the market during the forecast period, accounting for more than 30% of the market share by 2020. However, Asia pacific is expected to record highest CAGR as compared to other regions. Changing consumer buying patterns supported by increasing disposable income and spending on personal care products in countries such as India and China is driving the growth of professional hair care products in this region. Furthermore, growth of organizedretail industry is expected to enhance the demand for professional hair care products in MEA. Request for TOC: http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-207 Some of the major international players in this market include L’oreal Group, Kao Group, Henkel AG & Co., Aveda Corporation, Procter & Gamble Co., Unilever Group, and PBI Group Inc., among the others. As a strategic move to enhance the product visibility, these companies are focused on increasing product penetration through online retailing, and creating awareness for hair care products through advertisements. In addition, high promotional activities such as increasing television commercials, value added packages in the hair care products range, and other offers has led to increased purchase of hair care products across the globe. This research report presents a comprehensive assessment of the market and contains thoughtful insights, facts, historical data and statistically-supported and industry-validated market data and projections with a suitable set of assumptions and methodology. It provides analysis and information by categories such as market segments, regions, product type and distribution channels. CategoriesGoogle News TagsCO, data, Fuel, Inclination, Professional Hair Care Products Market, Professional Hair Care Products Market Share Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Colostrum market is expected to maintain a positive outlook, with revenue projected to reach US$ 1943.5 Mn by 2026 Next PostNext The zigbee alliance to Unveil Universal Language for the IoT from CES 2017 – Making it Possible for Smart Objects to Work Together on Any Network Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts Sammy Networks annonce la sortie de « Ramen Soul », la version anglaise de son populaire jeu de gestion de restaurant de nouilles ramen pour smartphone, « Ramen Tamashii », téléchargé plus de cinq millions de fois January 16, 2017 Sammy Networks comienza a distribuir el “Ramen Soul”, la versión en inglés de su popular juego de gestión de restaurantes de ramen, “Ramen Tamashii” para teléfonos inteligentes que ya lleva más de 5 millones de descargas January 16, 2017 San Francisco Certified Auto Body Shop Collision Repair Service Update Launched January 16, 2017 Staten Island Magician Ventriloquist Birthday Party Magic Show Services Launched January 16, 2017 Chinas Entertainment-Tycoon Wang Jianlin zeigt, dass sein Rockstartalent zur Unternehmenstransformation der Wanda Group in Richtung Unterhaltung, Tourismus und Sport passt January 16, 2017 The Pat Summitt Clinic to Advance Alzheimer’s Care; Honor Legendary Coach January 16, 2017 Minister Dominic LeBlanc’s statement regarding the vessel ARCA 1 January 16, 2017 MYANMAR PHARMA: MiTA Myanmar Pharma Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 January 16, 2017 Mobissue Flipbook Software: Safer and More Secure Digital Publishing Solution January 16, 2017 Mobissue Flipbook Software: Safer and More Secure Digital Publishing Solution January 16, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Sectors Regions Events Jobs Directory Search Cambrex appoints Tom Vadaketh as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 4-Jan-2017 Greg Sargen to Assume New Position as EVP, Corporate Development and Strategy Cambrex Corporation, a manufacturer of small molecule Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (APIs), has announced the hiring of Tom Vadaketh as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, effective January 20, 2017. Greg Sargen, CFO at Cambrex, will transition to a newly-created role, Executive Vice President, Corporate Development and Strategy. In his new role, Mr. Sargen will assume responsibility for Corporate Development and Strategy and will continue to report directly to Steven M. Klosk, President and Chief Executive Officer. We are excited to welcome Tom. He has an impressive track record and brings a wide variety of experiences across all financial disciplines to Cambrex, said Mr. Klosk. I am confident that Toms experience in senior corporate roles, especially with manufacturing organizations and facilities, will be invaluable to Cambrex. Tom and Greg will work closely together to ensure a seamless transition. 2016 has been our sixth consecutive year of strong organic growth, and we have invested well over $200 million in internal expansions during that time. As we look to the future, we recognize the need to complement our organic efforts with external opportunities, continued Mr. Klosk. Greg has led the finance team and has been a trusted business partner during his many years at Cambrex. In his new role, Greg will apply his business acumen, industry knowledge and intimate knowledge of the Company to identify and execute on new growth opportunities, including investment in potential new product categories and capabilities, as well as mergers and acquisitions. Mr. Vadaketh was most recently the CFO of the Crosby Group, a private equity-owned company and a world leader in the manufacture of rigging, lifting and material handling applications. Prior to that, he spent nine years in a variety of increasingly senior financial positions at Tyco International. In his last role at Tyco, he served as Vice President, Finance, Corporate Financial Planning & Analysis and CFO of Global Products. Prior to his time at Tyco, Mr. Vadaketh spent 15 years in a variety of senior financial roles at Procter & Gamble, where he led several corporate and site financial functions and initiatives. Tom started his career at Deloitte and Touche in the United Kingdom, where he earned the Chartered Accountant designation. He also earned his CPA designation in the United States. Tom has a Master of Business Administration (MBA) from the University of Manchester, United Kingdom. Featured Companies Cambrex Subscriber Sign In email: password: Why subscribe? Related Articles Recipharm bolsters development business with new appointments in the US and Europe Director announced to lead UK Dementia Research Institute in London NALIA Systems expands board and management team RSA Group publishes new study on leadership in digital health Brexit leaves Britain under-skilled, says scientific recruitment expert Call for entrants to 2009 Young European Investigators award MedImmune director is chairman of ERBI ABPI appoints director of value Young racing driver on track with Meiji Techno Solvay Pharmaceuticals ceo is new Cefic president Related Press Releases Cambrex opens new pilot plant at its Milan, Italy site Cambrex announces investment and expansion at its Karlskoga, Sweden facility Cambrex completes $50 million investment in large scale API at its Charles City, Iowa site Related Jobs Pharmalink strengthens board with appointment of Maria Carell as Chair Clinical Network Services (CNS) UK announces the appointment of Dr Martin Moxham as Principal Regulatory Consultant About Manufacturing Chemist Contact Us About HPCi Media Limited Terms and Conditions Privacy ^ Top
Skip to content SAT Press Releases PR Distribution Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on January 4, 2017January 4, 2017 by Abhishek Budholiya Colour Cosmetics Market Trends and Segments 2015-2025 Colour cosmetics are the personal care products used for enhancing the appearance of the human body. Colour cosmetics refer to the Colorants and cosmetic ingredients used for make-up, skin care, fragrance, oral care, hair care and personal hygiene.The Colour cosmetics market is anticipated to show gradual upsurge in the near future mainly due to the factors such as growing customer loyalty, innovations in colour cosmetic products, and rising demand for organic cosmetic products. The colour cosmetics market is booming across the developed and developing regions owing mainly to the increasing interest of consumers in exploring new advanced products and the introduction of more pleasing formulas and beauty products by manufacturers. Global Colour Cosmetics Market Segmentation: On the basis of application, colour cosmetics market can be segmented into: Eye Make-Up – Eye Liner/Pencil, Eye Shadow, Mascara and Other Eye Make-Up Facial Make-Up – Blusher/Bronzer/Highlighter, Foundation/Concealer, Powder Lip Products – Lip Gloss, Lip Liner/Pencil, Lipstick and Other Lip Products Nail Products – Nail Polish, Nail Treatments/Strengthener, Polish Remover and Other Nail Products Special effects and special purpose products like advanced nail varnishes and blemish balm (BB) creams, are also expected to witness a healthy growth during the forecast period. Request for sample report: http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-1019 Global market of colour cosmetics is sub-segmented into seven key regions- North America, Latin America, East Europe, West Europe, Asia Pacific excluding Japan, Japan and Middle East & Africa. Presently, the colour cosmetics market is mainly concentrated in the North American and European region mainly due to innovations in colour cosmetics, high consumer disposable income and new product launches (e.g. advanced nail varnishes and BB creams) in colour cosmetic market in these regions. In terms of revenue share contribution, the United States is the biggest cosmetic market in the world. In Europe, UK dominates over the major market share mainly due to the continuous upsurge in the demand for prestige colour cosmetics. Asia Pacific region, especially China and India, is expected to show highest growth rate in this segment in the coming years due to the increasing disposable incomes and rising awareness about personal care products in the region. In turn the region is also expected to experience a shift from traditional products towards products with vast varieties offered by international players. The increasing consciousness towards colour cosmetics, especially in India, can be owed to the effective advertising and marketing of these products chasing the increased spending power from the growing number of women in the working class of the country. Colour Cosmetics Market Dynamics: The global colour cosmetics market is expected to grow at a healthy CAGR during the forecast period due the factors such as continuous rise in consumer constancy for colour cosmetics, rise in demand for colour cosmetics to control age-related skin imperfections, innovations in product formulations and increasing demand for organic products in this segment. Additionally, attractive packaging and growing fashion trends along with the increasing consumer health awareness about the personal care are expected to drive the global market for colour cosmetics. Request for TOC: http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-1019 The growth of the market is hampered to a certain extent by the factors like economic downturns, high cost of quality chemicals, strict government regulations and high price related to packaging etc. Prestige products and mass products are the prime opportunity market for colour cosmetics market. Although the mass products are expected to witness a higher CAGR than prestige products during the forecast period but the demand for prestige products is also expected to experience steady upsurge due to rising customer loyalty. Colour Cosmetics Market: Key Players Major players in the global colour cosmetics market are The L’Oréal Group, Avon Products Inc., Procter and Gamble Co., Estée Lauder Inc., Clarins Group, Alliance Boots GmbH Inc., Benefit Cosmetics LLC, Chanel S.A, Chantecaille, Ciaté, Revlon Group, Coty SAS, Lvmh (Louis Vuitton Moet Hennessy), Johnson & Johnson Private Limited, Lush Cosmetics, Maesa Group, Unilever Inc. and Nails Inc. Expansions, new product launches, and mergers and collaborations are the key strategies adopted by most companies in the global colour cosmetics market. CategoriessatPRnews TagsCO, Colour Cosmetics Market, Mass Post navigation Previous PostPrevious World-Renowned Climate Scientist and Philadelphia-Area Evangelical Church Team Up To Tackle Climate Change Next PostNext 8 Ways To Save On Addiction Treatment From Oaks of Hope’s Savings Expert Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts Sammy Networks annonce la sortie de « Ramen Soul », la version anglaise de son populaire jeu de gestion de restaurant de nouilles ramen pour smartphone, « Ramen Tamashii », téléchargé plus de cinq millions de fois January 16, 2017 Sammy Networks comienza a distribuir el “Ramen Soul”, la versión en inglés de su popular juego de gestión de restaurantes de ramen, “Ramen Tamashii” para teléfonos inteligentes que ya lleva más de 5 millones de descargas January 16, 2017 San Francisco Certified Auto Body Shop Collision Repair Service Update Launched January 16, 2017 Staten Island Magician Ventriloquist Birthday Party Magic Show Services Launched January 16, 2017 Clean and Clear Earns Esteemed 2016 Angie’s List Super Service Award January 16, 2017 Las Vegas MMA Personal Training Get Fit Gym CrossFit Problems Report Launched January 16, 2017 Mueller Sports Medicine Introduces Omniforce Support Garments January 16, 2017 Chinas Entertainment-Tycoon Wang Jianlin zeigt, dass sein Rockstartalent zur Unternehmenstransformation der Wanda Group in Richtung Unterhaltung, Tourismus und Sport passt January 16, 2017 The Pat Summitt Clinic to Advance Alzheimer’s Care; Honor Legendary Coach January 16, 2017 Minister Dominic LeBlanc’s statement regarding the vessel ARCA 1 January 16, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Login Subscribe Connect Navigation Top Stories Weather × Top Stories News you need to know for Sunday, January 15 Tell the whole story about Cleveland 2.0 Fedeli Group has new president, but same bold goals Source Lunch with ... Len Pagon Residential demand is outpacing space in downtown Akron Parties in Summa dispute agree on little Cleveland-Cuyahoga County Port Authority has down 2016, mirroring industry Wadsworth couple makes leap to professional brewing Knez purchase could signal more Ohio City development Investors buy office complex for $50 million ABB Inc. plans to move to 16-acre Highland Hills site Crain's Predictions 2017 × Weather News This Week's Issue Breaking News Health Care Manufacturing Real Estate Energy/Environment Small Business Finance/Legal People Technology Sports Business Akron News 2016 Republican National Convention Voices Crain's Voices Elizabeth McIntyre Scott Suttell Kevin Kleps Timothy Magaw Stan Bullard Rachel Abbey McCafferty Sue Walton Lee Chilcote Guest Voices Young Professionals Events Crain's Events Local Events Submit your event Webinars Awards Nominate Archer Awards CIO of the Year CFO of the Year Forty under 40 General and In-House Counsel Health Care Heroes Women of Note Twenty in their 20s Special Features All Special Features Crain's Newsmakers of the Year 2016 Who to watch: Education Crain's 52 Eight Over 80 Women in management 2016 Who to Watch: Law RNC in CLE Rebuilding Cleveland and Akron Cleveland's lake and river love Current Issue Current issue 2016 Editorial Calendar 2017 EDITORIAL CALENDAR Data / Lists Crain's lists Book of Lists Directory: Executive Search Directory: Health Care Directory: Marketing Services Directory: Minority-Owned Biz Directory: Women-Owned Biz ACE Report Directory: Food Industry Multimedia Multimedia Video Photo Galleries January 03, 2017 Updated Cleveland Clinic CEO out of running for VA secretary By BLOOMBERG Cleveland Clinic CEO Dr. Toby Cosgrove has withdrawn his name from consideration as secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs, a post that would have put him in charge of the health care and benefits of more than 20 million U.S. veterans, a source familiar with the matter said. Chief aides of President-elect  Donald Trump wanted Cosgrove for the job, but asked him to tell them if he could make this commitment before they made the formal offer, the source said. They stressed the… Morning Roundup Business headlines from Crain's Cleveland Business and other Ohio newspapers — delivered FREE to your inbox every morning. Sign up for the Morning Newsletter. Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS News This Week's Issue Breaking News Health Care Manufacturing Real Estate Energy/Environment Small Business Finance/Legal People Technology Sports Business Akron News 2016 Republican National Convention Voices Crain's Voices Elizabeth McIntyre Scott Suttell Kevin Kleps Timothy Magaw Stan Bullard Rachel Abbey McCafferty Sue Walton Lee Chilcote Guest Voices Young Professionals Events Crain's Events Local Events Submit your event Webinars Awards Nominate Archer Awards CIO of the Year CFO of the Year Forty under 40 General and In-House Counsel Health Care Heroes Women of Note Twenty in their 20s Special Features All Special Features Crain's Newsmakers of the Year 2016 Who to watch: Education Crain's 52 Eight Over 80 Women in management 2016 Who to Watch: Law RNC in CLE Rebuilding Cleveland and Akron Cleveland's lake and river love Data / Lists Crain's lists Book of Lists Directory: Executive Search Directory: Health Care Directory: Marketing Services Directory: Minority-Owned Biz Directory: Women-Owned Biz ACE Report Directory: Food Industry Multimedia Multimedia Video Photo Galleries Crain Content Studio Crain Content Studio — Cleveland Cleveland's Pulse Giving Guide HR: Resources, Growth and Performance Connect Contact us Customer service Subscription services Advertise Reprints Classifieds Email newsletters Send letters to the editor Crain's Cleveland Business Staff People on the Move This Week's Issue January 15, 2017 Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications, Inc.
