Press Esc to close Monday 05 June 2017 News updated at 10:16 AM IST epaper  Home   News   District   City   Point Blank - Bengaluru   State   National   International   Business   DH Wheels   Supplements   Sunday   Sportscene   Sunday Herald   Travel   Articulations   Books   Art & Culture   Entertainment   Monday   Cyber Space   Family Finance   Economy & Business   Art Review   Metrolife   Tuesday   Spectrum   Science & Technology   Environment   Wednesday   Metrolife   Thursday   Metrolife   DH Education   Friday   Homes & Interiors   Metrolife   Saturday   Movie Review   She   Living   Metrolife   Champions Trophy   Sports   Entertainment   Videos   Opinion   Edits   First Edit   Second Edit   Main Article   In Perspective   Right in the Middle   Columns   Oasis   Analysis   Panorama   Special Features   Sunday Spotlight   Kitchen   Recipe   Archives   DH Classifieds    Coast Guard saves 39 lives from bad weather      Saudi, Bahrain, Egypt, UAE cut ties with Qatar over terrorism      Four militants killed as CRPF repel fidayeen attack in Kashmir      Umpire Ravi passes away      Zidane pep talk did the trick      Real remain masters of Europe      Pakistan bow to Indian might      Pakistan bow to Indian might      IT employee unions for 'compassionate unionism'      'India GDP growth to remain flat at 7.1%'      Demonetisation will help boost revenues in long run: World Bank      PSBs plan to raise Rs 58k cr this fiscal      RCom: Telecom industry's cash deficit at Rs 1.2 L cr      Kohli, Yuvraj fire India to 319/3 in rain-hit tie      Play resumes, match reduced to 48-over a side      Terror funding probe: NIA continues raids in J&K      Punjab police arrest three ISI backed ISYF terrorists      Dissatisfied with probe, Anurag Tiwari's family mulls moving court      Molestation victims sought to lodge report, harassed by cop      Pakistan put India in to bat      Kohli, Yuvraj fire India to 319/3 in rain-hit tie      As CBI court holds Babri hearings, temple issue hots up in UP      Trump speaks with Theresa May on brutal London terror attacks      Witnesses share horrific tales of attack in central London      Modi expresses anguish over London attacks      Two-goal Ronaldo fires Real to 12th European title      7 killed, 48 injured as terror attacks strike heart of London      Raghu, Misha sail into final      Food as aesthetic symbol and its afterlives      Cattle rule puts lives at stake      TYGR taxis to ply on Bengaluru roads soon      Ind-Ra revises outlook on Vedanta to stable      BoB signs agreement with SFAC      Textile industry welcomes 5% GST      Big US firms stay on White House panel despite climate jolt      Property prices set to drop post-July 1      Cisco India on talent grooming drive      Sona BLW expands Hungary facility      'More hybrids you sell, greater the chances of EV success'      Gujarat govt notifies amended law with provision of life-term for cow slaughter      Govt retains Rohatgi as Attorney General and Kumar as Solicitor General      PM Modi to hold talks with new French President      ED issues fresh summons to separatist leader Shabir Shah      The little-known of replica of Gateway of India!      Grand old man of Indian Politics, Karunanidhi turns 94 today      'CBI fear' driving officers away, Kejriwal may hire outsiders to run CMO      ISIS failed in India despite large Muslim population: Rajnath      Two jawans killed as militants attack Army convoy in J-K      No special arrangements for my visits, Adityanath tells officials      'Trump's climate claims on China, India false'      Dual Battle for India: Pakistan on field, controversy off it      Maneka Gandhi to be operated for gallstones in AIIMS      India squander lead; lose 1-2 to Belgium      CBI busts transfer racket at Army headquarters, arrests two      NIA raids in Kashmir, Delhi, Haryana over terror funding      Ceasefire violation in 2 sectors in Poonch, woman injured     Next Story Playing peekaboo with the past Read more >> You are here: Home » Supplements » Metrolife » 'We have a lot of characters off-field' 'We have a lot of characters off-field' Surupasree Sarmmah, DH News Service, Bengaluru, Jun 1 2017, 0:02 IST In conversation V V S Laxman, DH PHOTO. It was V V S Laxman’s consistent winning streak against Australia that earned him the title of ‘Very Very Special Laxman’. His score of 281 against Australia in the Test match at Eden Gardens in 2001, is considered as one of the greatest Test innings. Laxman was in the city on Wednesday joining hands with P&G Shiksha’s ‘Shiksha Superheroes’ movement, to educate and impact the lives of underprivileged children and support and build schools in Karnataka. He donned the avatar of a ‘Shiksha Superhero’ for the students of a P&G Shiksha school in the city. In a chat with Surupasree Sarmmah, Laxman talks about his life after cricket and more. How has life changed after cricket? I have really enjoyed my life as a cricketer since that was my passion. After retirement, I realised that my other passions included providing education to the underprivileged and quality cricket coaching to budding cricketers in Hyderabad. So it’s great that I am being able to pursue them and also spend time with my family. It’s been quite relaxing. What keeps you busy these days? I am working as a mentor for Sunrisers Hyderabad and as a batting consultant for the Cricket Association of Bengal. I run my own cricket academy in Hyderabad and have started a foundation that’s looking after underprivileged kids and their education. Your most memorable match... The Test match against Australia in 2001 in Kolkata is one of my most memorable matches. The situation we were in and how we bounced back and won the match and the series was quite a thrilling experience. A cricketer who is most entertaining in the dressing room... We have a lot of characters off-field like Harbhajan Singh, Zaheer Khan, Ashish Nehra, Yuvraj Singh and Virender Sehwag who lighten the atmosphere in the dressing room. We not only enjoyed playing on the field but also had a lot of fun off it. A young cricketer you admire... I have always been a big fan of Virat Kohli. I admire the way he has transformed himself in all aspects in the last three years. Virat is a role model as he keeps improving his game. If a biopic is made on you, which actor would you want in it? I am not sure (laughs). Many filmmakers have approached me from the Telugu and Hindi film industries for a biopic, but I was not very keen. I have actually never thought about it. Did you watch ‘Sachin: A Billion Dreams’? Yes, it is a brilliant movie and I got really emotional watching it. There were flashbacks of the good and the tough times we had together. He is an inspiration and the movie is just motivating many others to shine in life. Your thoughts on the present Indian team... It is fantastic. The way the team has handled the transition and made India the number one Test cricket-playing nation in the world is amazing. They have done really well in T20 and in the one-day format as well. I also believe that the Virat Kohli led team is formidable and I call them the ‘modern invincibles’. 2012 was your last year in international cricket. How would you sum up your career? The morning after I announced my retirement, I woke up feeling satisfied and content which is what matters. Email this page Print this page Tweet Go to Top Videos more Militants stage deadly terror attack in London BSF soldiers hail 'Men in Blue' by performing Bhangra Police chief confirms nine deaths - including three attackers in London attack Congress protests against Indo-Pak match, burns Pakistan flag Bhanwari Devi murder case: Accused Indira Bishnoi arrested Coast Guard rescues 31 personnel off sinking barge Thieves loot Rs. 4 lakh meant for marriage Police arrests 5, seizes Rs 1.15 crore demonetised currency Real Madrid win a record 12th European Cup with a 4-1 win over Juventus Surfing legend, wetsuit pioneer Jack O'Neill dies at 94 Most popular stories now Commented Emailed Viewed 1.IIT-M student attacked after participating in 'beef feast' 2.Rajasthan HC wants cow to be declared national animal 3.I am reading Upanishads, Gita to take on RSS, BJP: Rahul 4.Sooraj undergoes eye surgery, friends say protests planned 5.When the coast is compromised 1.Bikes used for wheelies could be junked, warn cops 2.Playing peekaboo with the past 3.Music and dance reviews 4.Saudi, Bahrain, Egypt, UAE cut ties with Qatar over terrorism 5.Airport train, beyond Metro 1. Airport train, beyond Metro 2. 7 killed, 48 injured as terror attacks strike heart of London 3. India outclass Pakistan 4. Are you on Twitter? US Journalist asks Modi, gets trolled on social media 5. 5-year-old girl in shock after brutal sex assault Photo Gallery Indian cricketers watch Pakistan's Shoaib Malik leave the field after he was dismissed by Ravindra . India's Ravindra Jadeja, celebrates the dismissal of Pakistan's Azhar Ali during the ICC Champions Teammates congratulate India's Ravindra Jadeja, third left, for taking a catch to dismiss Pakistan's Pakistan's Shadab Khan celebrates with captain Sarfraz Ahmed... Indian cricket captain Virat Kohli, left, and Rohit Sharma... India's Shikhar Dhawan, right, and Rohit Sharma... Pakistan's Wahab Riaz bowls during the ICC Champions Trophy... India captain Virat Kohli waits to lead his team... Police officers stand by a cordoned-off staircase in San Carlo Square in Turin, Italy... Priests and devotees offer prayers at Har ki Paidi... more Like us on Facebook About Us | News | Business | Sports | Supplements | Contact Us | Privacy Policy Copyright 2017, The Printers (Mysore) Private Ltd., 75, M.G Road, Post Box 5331, Bengaluru - 560001 Tel: +91 (80) 25880000 Fax No. +91 (80) 25880523 Powered by Yodasoft Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
Health Tips English News Hindi News Education Board Results Classifieds Radio City E-paper #Mumbai Rains #Champions Trophy #Priyanka Chopra #Mumbai Crime #Baywatch #Virat Kohli DOWNLOAD APP:| Photos Videos Mumbai News Sports Entertainment Menu All Sections News Mumbai News Crime News National News International News Hatke News BMC Election Sports IPL News Cricket News Football News Tennis News Local Sports News Motor Sports News Other Sports News Life & style Horoscope Food Health Travel Dr. Love Relationships Technology Environment Cars - Bikes People Culture Special Dear Diana Entertainment Bollywood News Hollywood News Television News Movie Reviews Regional Cinema Photos Videos Mumbai News Mumbai news Crime News National MORE IN NEWS Mumbai News Crime News National News International News Hatke News BMC Election TOP STORIES Tragic! Four-year-old dies as drunk father drops her from bridge Mumbai Crime: Cops nab 'flying thief' from his Jogeshwari residence ToPICs Mumbai news Mumbai crime Navi Mumbai headless torso Devendra Fadnavis BMC Narendra Modi SPORTS IPL News Cricket Football MORE IN SPORTS IPL News Cricket News Football News Tennis News Local Sports News Motor Sports News Other Sports News TOP STORIES Champions Trophy: Will England be third time lucky this year? Virat Kohli-Anil Kumble row: Two BCCI peacemakers fly to England ToPICs IPL News Virat Kohli MS Dhoni Virender Sehwag Manchester United Yuvraj Singh Life & style Horoscope Dr.Love Food MORE IN LIFESTYLE Horoscope Food Health Travel Dr. Love Relationships Technology Environment Cars - Bikes People Culture Special Dear Diana TOP STORIES Mumbai Food: Feast like the royals at this restaurant in Khar Top 5 easy-to-make Gujarati snacks that find a place in Mumbai eateries too ToPICs Mumbai food Health & Fitness Technology Travel Relationships Dr. Love Environment Entertainment Bollywood Television Hollywood MORE IN ENTERTAINMENT Bollywood News Hollywood News Television News Movie Reviews Regional Cinema TOP STORIES Sunny Leone has a narrow escape as plane almost crashes Meet the 8-year-old Mumbai boy who brought young Sachin to life ToPICs Karan Johar Akshay Kumar Shah Rukh Khan Salman Khan Amitabh Bachchan Aamir Khan Sports News Cricket News PrevNext V.V.S Laxman delighted to be part of P&G Shiksha programme By IANS | Posted 31-May-2017Now Available on the mid-day iOS App, Download Now Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ VVS Laxman Bengaluru: After joining hands with flagship corporate social responsibility programme P&G Shiksha here on Wednesday, former India batsman V.V.S. Laxman expressed his delight at witnessing a difference being brought to the lives of underprivileged children through the endeavour. Laxman said he felt nostalgic reminiscing about his school days while interacting with the P&G Shiksha School students. Now in its 13th year, P&G Shiksha continues to make critical infrastructure and learning interventions by building and supporting schools across the country thereby providing underprivileged children with access to education. P&G Shiksha started 'Shiksha Superheroes', a campaign to acknowledge consumers, the real-life superheroes who make a simple brand choice of buying P&G products and contribute to this noble cause impacting the lives of thousands of underprivileged children. "This is the first time I have associated with P&G Shiksha and I am delighted to witness the difference that this movement has made by building and supporting more than one thousand schools that will impact the lives of more than one million children across India. I feel strongly for this cause as Education has played a vital role in shaping my professional and personal life," the right-handed batsman said. "Today, with the P&G Shiksha School students here, I was nostalgic reminiscing my school days. It felt amazing to interact with these young kids who have a bright future ahead of them. "My role is that I am a Shiksha Superhero and have been making a difference over the years by choosing P&G products like Old Spice, Head & Shoulders, Gillette, Vicks, etc. and hence I am contributing towards the education of underprivileged children," he added. When asked about how one can contribute to the cause, the 42-year-old cricketer explained: "I realised today that it is very easy to be a Shiksha Superhero in real life and make a contribution. All you have to do is choose P&G products and become part of the P&G Shiksha movement that will enable you to contribute towards the education of underprivileged children. "Like me, I want to encourage the people of India to be 'Shiksha Superheroes' by making this simple choice. It is a simple act and a very small contribution from our end but has a large impact on the lives of these children," he said. Tags: CSR P&G Shiksha former India batsman V.V.S. Laxman underprivileged children cricket Shiksha Superhero Old Spice Head & Shoulders Gillette Vicks Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Previous StoryChampions Trophy preview: India and Australia are favourites despite off-field worriesNext Story Champions Trophy: Sunil Gavaskar questions timing of Virat Kohli-Anil Kumble rift reports Related Stories Government sanctions Rs 30 crores for 25 escalators on Central Railway National News | 05-Apr-2017 The Big CSR Flea is happening on 26th of February in Mumbai Culture News | 16-Feb-2017 E-toilets for Navi Mumbai: Plans flushed down the drain? National News | 19-Jul-2016 The woman who is wooing butterflies back to Mumbai Sunday Mid day News | 17-Jul-2016 Corporates can allot 2 pc of profits for hospital bills of needy: High Court National News | 14-Jan-2016 Maharashtra FM advises corporates to work in districts with low HDI National News | 09-Jan-2016 You May Like MORE FROM JAGRAN 0 Comments Leave a Reply Name * Email * Comment (You have 500 characters left) Enter the text as shown in the image * TrEnding Watch Video: Bollywood celebrities who got secretly married Bollywood News|04-Jun-2017 'Pardes Mein Hai Mera Dil' actor Arjun Bijlani hospitalised Television News|03-Jun-2017 'O Jejus!' These bizarre photos of Rakhi Sawant will make you cringe Bollywood News|03-Jun-2017 Jiah Khan's death anniversary: 28 celebs who died young Bollywood News|03-Jun-2017 When exes Shahid and Kareena were at the same place, same time Bollywood News|03-Jun-2017 Deepika Padukone looks hot flaunting her toned legs in high heels Bollywood News|03-Jun-2017 Mumbai: 20-year-old tortured till she miscarried baby girl National News|03-Jun-2017 Katrina reveals her feelings of reuniting with Salman after 5 years Bollywood News|03-Jun-2017 Rakhi Sawant in trouble again, non-bailable warrant issued in Valmiki case National News|02-Jun-2017 Sanath Jayasuriya's sex tape with ex Maleeka Sirisena leaked! Cricket News|02-Jun-2017 Trending Most ReaD Most Commented Pakistan woman guns down husband for sexually abusing daughter-in-law Crime News|59 minutes ago Next change: Hindustan Columnists News|1 hour Mumbai: Cop holds on to thief despite getting punched in the ear Crime News|1 hour Salman Khan: Failure in personal relationships is the loveliest thing ever Bollywood News|1 hour BSEB Result 2017: Bihar Board 12th Result on May 30, check biharboard.ac.in Board Exam Result News|29-May-2017 Babri Masjid demolition case: CBI court grants bail to L K Advani and 5 others National News|30-May-2017 CBSE 10th Result 2017: CBSE Results 2017 on June 3; check cbseresults.nic.in Board Exam Result News|02-Jun-2017 Special Air India flight ferries bodies of Uttarakhand bus crash victims to Indo National News|25-May-2017 Imagica accident: Injured mother-daughter duo in Mumbai hospital ICU National News|06-Feb-2014 CBSE cbse nic in Class 10th X Board Result 2014 to be declared today on www cbse nic in at 4 PM National News|20-May-2014 Online auto rickshaw permits: Results of 7 RTOs declared National News|26-Feb-2014 CBSE Results 2015: CBSE 10th Board (cbse.nic.in) X Class Results declared at 2 PM today, 28th May at cbseresults.nic.in Board Exam Result News|28-May-2015 2014 MHADA lottery: Flats in Virar will be ready only in Dec '15' National News|07-Feb-2014 See More Latest News   Home Mumbai News Entertainment Crime Sports Life & Style Photos Videos GET Updates from mid-day.com View Site Map Network: Hindi News | Gujrati News | Urdu NewsCopyright © 2017 Mid-Day Infomedia Ltd. All rights reserved. About Us | Advertise with us | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | Contact Us | Corporate Go to top
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News Others Laxman delighted to be part of P&G Shiksha programme Laxman delighted to be part of P&G Shiksha programme Source : Last Updated: Wed, May 31, 2017 17:40 hrs Bengaluru, May 31 (IANS) After joining hands with flagship corporate social responsibility programme P&G Shiksha here on Wednesday, former India batsman V.V.S. Laxman expressed his delight at witnessing a difference being brought to the lives of underprivileged children through the endeavour. Laxman said he felt nostalgic reminiscing about his school days while interacting with the P&G Shiksha School students. Now in its 13th year, P&G Shiksha continues to make critical infrastructure and learning interventions by building and supporting schools across the country thereby providing underprivileged children with access to education. P&G Shiksha started 'Shiksha Superheroes', a campaign to acknowledge consumers, the real-life superheroes who make a simple brand choice of buying P&G products and contribute to this noble cause impacting the lives of thousands of underprivileged children. "This is the first time I have associated with P&G Shiksha and I am delighted to witness the difference that this movement has made by building and supporting more than one thousand schools that will impact the lives of more than one million children across India. I feel strongly for this cause as Education has played a vital role in shaping my professional and personal life," the right-handed batsman said. "Today, with the P&G Shiksha School students here, I was nostalgic reminiscing my school days. It felt amazing to interact with these young kids who have a bright future ahead of them. "My role is that I am a Shiksha Superhero and have been making a difference over the years by choosing P&G products like Old Spice, Head & Shoulders, Gillette, Vicks, etc. and hence I am contributing towards the education of underprivileged children," he added. When asked about how one can contribute to the cause, the 42-year-old cricketer explained: "I realised today that it is very easy to be a Shiksha Superhero in real life and make a contribution. All you have to do is choose P&G products and become part of the P&G Shiksha movement that will enable you to contribute towards the education of underprivileged children. "Like me, I want to encourage the people of India to be 'Shiksha Superheroes' by making this simple choice. It is a simple act and a very small contribution from our end but has a large impact on the lives of these children," he said. --IANS gau/dg SEARCH More from Sify: talking point on sify news Latest Features Modi-fying bilateral relations: PM's four-nation Europe tour 'Mor' about law! Safety belt for doctors Trump weakened European Union, says Germany All is not okay in Ayodhya! About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #BSTech #GST #BSSpecial News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-IANS » Sports Kerala announces judicial probe into Vizhinjam port agreement, Chandy welcomes it Cisco, IBM join hands to tackle growing cyber threats Business Standard Laxman delighted to be part of P&G Shiksha programme IANS  |  Bengaluru  May 31, 2017 Last Updated at 17:30 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVqUJ7 ALSO READ Introducing MOX@Techzone will ensure ground level success for programs like Make in India, Digital India and Skill India: Ferguson India raises market stabilisation bond issuance limit, RBI says India gas demand growth stymied by slow infrastructure development India factory activity expands at a slightly faster pace in February Top leaders discuss India at 11th Hero Enterprise Mindmine Summit After joining hands with flagship corporate social responsibility programme P&G Shiksha here on Wednesday, former India batsman V.V.S. Laxman expressed his delight at witnessing a difference being brought to the lives of underprivileged children through the endeavour. Laxman said he felt nostalgic reminiscing about his school days while interacting with the P&G Shiksha School students. Now in its 13th year, P&G Shiksha continues to make critical infrastructure and learning interventions by building and supporting schools across the country thereby providing underprivileged children with access to education. P&G Shiksha started 'Shiksha Superheroes', a campaign to acknowledge consumers, the real-life superheroes who make a simple brand choice of buying P&G products and contribute to this noble cause impacting the lives of thousands of underprivileged children. "This is the first time I have associated with P&G Shiksha and I am delighted to witness the difference that this movement has made by building and supporting more than one thousand schools that will impact the lives of more than one million children across India. I feel strongly for this cause as Education has played a vital role in shaping my professional and personal life," the right-handed batsman said. "Today, with the P&G Shiksha School students here, I was nostalgic reminiscing my school days. It felt amazing to interact with these young kids who have a bright future ahead of them. "My role is that I am a Shiksha Superhero and have been making a difference over the years by choosing P&G products like Old Spice, Head & Shoulders, Gillette, Vicks, etc. and hence I am contributing towards the education of underprivileged children," he added. When asked about how one can contribute to the cause, the 42-year-old cricketer explained: "I realised today that it is very easy to be a Shiksha Superhero in real life and make a contribution. All you have to do is choose P&G products and become part of the P&G Shiksha movement that will enable you to contribute towards the education of underprivileged children. "Like me, I want to encourage the people of India to be 'Shiksha Superheroes' by making this simple choice. It is a simple act and a very small contribution from our end but has a large impact on the lives of these children," he said. --IANS gau/dg (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On India | News-ians | Sports PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Laxman delighted to be part of P&G Shiksha programme After joining hands with flagship corporate social responsibility programme P&G Shiksha here on Wednesday, former India batsman V.V.S. Laxman expressed his delight at witnessing a difference being brought to the lives of underprivileged children through the endeavour. After joining hands with flagship corporate social responsibility programme P&G Shiksha here on Wednesday, former India batsman V.V.S. Laxman expressed his delight at witnessing a difference being brought to the lives of underprivileged children through the endeavour. Laxman said he felt nostalgic reminiscing about his school days while interacting with the P&G Shiksha School students. Now in its 13th year, P&G Shiksha continues to make critical infrastructure and learning interventions by building and supporting schools across the country thereby providing underprivileged children with access to education. P&G Shiksha started 'Shiksha Superheroes', a campaign to acknowledge consumers, the real-life superheroes who make a simple brand choice of buying P&G products and contribute to this noble cause impacting the lives of thousands of underprivileged children. "This is the first time I have associated with P&G Shiksha and I am delighted to witness the difference that this movement has made by building and supporting more than one thousand schools that will impact the lives of more than one million children across India. I feel strongly for this cause as Education has played a vital role in shaping my professional and personal life," the right-handed batsman said. "Today, with the P&G Shiksha School students here, I was nostalgic reminiscing my school days. It felt amazing to interact with these young kids who have a bright future ahead of them. "My role is that I am a Shiksha Superhero and have been making a difference over the years by choosing P&G products like Old Spice, Head & Shoulders, Gillette, Vicks, etc. and hence I am contributing towards the education of underprivileged children," he added. When asked about how one can contribute to the cause, the 42-year-old cricketer explained: "I realised today that it is very easy to be a Shiksha Superhero in real life and make a contribution. All you have to do is choose P&G products and become part of the P&G Shiksha movement that will enable you to contribute towards the education of underprivileged children. "Like me, I want to encourage the people of India to be 'Shiksha Superheroes' by making this simple choice. It is a simple act and a very small contribution from our end but has a large impact on the lives of these children," he said. --IANS gau/dg (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Laxman delighted to be part of P&G Shiksha programme After joining hands with flagship corporate social responsibility programme P&G Shiksha here on Wednesday, former India batsman V.V.S. Laxman expressed his delight at witnessing a difference being brought to the lives of underprivileged children through the endeavour. Laxman said he felt nostalgic reminiscing about his school days while interacting with the P&G Shiksha School students. Now in its 13th year, P&G Shiksha continues to make critical infrastructure and learning interventions by building and supporting schools across the country thereby providing underprivileged children with access to education. P&G Shiksha started 'Shiksha Superheroes', a campaign to acknowledge consumers, the real-life superheroes who make a simple brand choice of buying P&G products and contribute to this noble cause impacting the lives of thousands of underprivileged children. "This is the first time I have associated with P&G Shiksha and I am delighted to witness the difference that this movement has made by building and supporting more than one thousand schools that will impact the lives of more than one million children across India. I feel strongly for this cause as Education has played a vital role in shaping my professional and personal life," the right-handed batsman said. "Today, with the P&G Shiksha School students here, I was nostalgic reminiscing my school days. It felt amazing to interact with these young kids who have a bright future ahead of them. "My role is that I am a Shiksha Superhero and have been making a difference over the years by choosing P&G products like Old Spice, Head & Shoulders, Gillette, Vicks, etc. and hence I am contributing towards the education of underprivileged children," he added. When asked about how one can contribute to the cause, the 42-year-old cricketer explained: "I realised today that it is very easy to be a Shiksha Superhero in real life and make a contribution. All you have to do is choose P&G products and become part of the P&G Shiksha movement that will enable you to contribute towards the education of underprivileged children. "Like me, I want to encourage the people of India to be 'Shiksha Superheroes' by making this simple choice. It is a simple act and a very small contribution from our end but has a large impact on the lives of these children," he said. --IANS gau/dg (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Latest Research Report on Global Tissue Market Professional Survey 2017 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 05/31/2017 — This report studies Tissue in Global market, especially in North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan and India, with production, revenue, consumption, import and export in these regions, from 2012 to 2016, and forecast to 2022. This report focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Procter & Gamble (P&G) SCA Georgia Pacific Kimberly-Clark Cascades Kruger Mets? Tissue Heng An WEPA Asaleo Care C&S Paper Essendant Inc(Boardwalk) Oasis Brands Seventh Generation To Get Sample Copy of Report visit @ http://www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=S&repid=1073402 By types, the market can be split into Facial Paper Paper Towel Paper Napkin Bathroom Tissue By Application, the market can be split into At Home Away From Home (AFH) By Regions, this report covers (we can add the regions/countries as you want) North America China Europe Southeast Asia Japan India Table of Contents Global Tissue Market Professional Survey Report 2017 1 Industry Overview of Tissue1.1 Definition and Specifications of Tissue 1.1.1 Definition of Tissue 1.1.2 Specifications of Tissue 1.2 Classification of Tissue 1.2.1 Facial Paper 1.2.2 Paper Towel 1.2.3 Paper Napkin 1.2.4 Bathroom Tissue 1.3 Applications of Tissue 1.3.1 At Home 1.3.2 Away From Home (AFH) 1.3.3 Application 3 1.4 Market Segment by Regions 1.4.1 North America 1.4.2 China 1.4.3 Europe 1.4.4 Southeast Asia 1.4.5 Japan 1.4.6 India 2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Tissue 2.1 Raw Material and Suppliers 2.2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Tissue 2.3 Manufacturing Process Analysis of Tissue 2.4 Industry Chain Structure of Tissue 3 Technical Data and Manufacturing Plants Analysis of Tissue 3.1 Capacity and Commercial Production Date of Global Tissue Major Manufacturers in 2016 3.2 Manufacturing Plants Distribution of Global Tissue Major Manufacturers in 2016 3.3 R&D Status and Technology Source of Global Tissue Major Manufacturers in 2016 3.4 Raw Materials Sources Analysis of Global Tissue Major Manufacturers in 2016 4 Global Tissue Overall Market Overview 4.1 2012-2017E Overall Market Analysis 4.2 Capacity Analysis 4.2.1 2012-2017E Global Tissue Capacity and Growth Rate Analysis 4.2.2 2016 Tissue Capacity Analysis (Company Segment) 4.3 Sales Analysis 4.3.1 2012-2017E Global Tissue Sales and Growth Rate Analysis 4.3.2 2016 Tissue Sales Analysis (Company Segment) 4.4 Sales Price Analysis 4.4.1 2012-2017E Global Tissue Sales Price 4.4.2 2016 Tissue Sales Price Analysis (Company Segment) 5 Tissue Regional Market Analysis 5.1 North America Tissue Market Analysis 5.1.1 North America Tissue Market Overview 5.1.2 North America 2012-2017E Tissue Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.1.3 North America 2012-2017E Tissue Sales Price Analysis 5.1.4 North America 2016 Tissue Market Share Analysis 5.2 China Tissue Market Analysis 5.2.1 China Tissue Market Overview 5.2.2 China 2012-2017E Tissue Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.2.3 China 2012-2017E Tissue Sales Price Analysis 5.2.4 China 2016 Tissue Market Share Analysis 5.3 Europe Tissue Market Analysis 5.3.1 Europe Tissue Market Overview 5.3.2 Europe 2012-2017E Tissue Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.3.3 Europe 2012-2017E Tissue Sales Price Analysis 5.3.4 Europe 2016 Tissue Market Share Analysis 5.4 Southeast Asia Tissue Market Analysis 5.4.1 Southeast Asia Tissue Market Overview 5.4.2 Southeast Asia 2012-2017E Tissue Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.4.3 Southeast Asia 2012-2017E Tissue Sales Price Analysis 5.4.4 Southeast Asia 2016 Tissue Market Share Analysis 5.5 Japan Tissue Market Analysis 5.5.1 Japan Tissue Market Overview 5.5.2 Japan 2012-2017E Tissue Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.5.3 Japan 2012-2017E Tissue Sales Price Analysis 5.5.4 Japan 2016 Tissue Market Share Analysis 5.6 India Tissue Market Analysis 5.6.1 India Tissue Market Overview 5.6.2 India 2012-2017E Tissue Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.6.3 India 2012-2017E Tissue Sales Price Analysis 5.6.4 India 2016 Tissue Market Share Analysis 6 Global 2012-2017E Tissue Segment Market Analysis (by Type) 6.1 Global 2012-2017E Tissue Sales by Type 6.2 Different Types of Tissue Product Interview Price Analysis 6.3 Different Types of Tissue Product Driving Factors Analysis 6.3.1 Facial Paper of Tissue Growth Driving Factor Analysis 6.3.2 Paper Towel of Tissue Growth Driving Factor Analysis 6.3.3 Paper Napkin of Tissue Growth Driving Factor Analysis 6.3.4 Bathroom Tissue of Tissue Growth Driving Factor Analysis Make an Enquiry of this report @ http://www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=E&repid=1073402 CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Ecoflor Is Providing the Highest Quality Commercial Flooring in the UK Next PostNext Global IoT Protocol Industry Market Drivers and Challenges Report 2021 Search Recent Posts Governor Cuomo Announces I Love New York, Israel Ministry of Tourism and El Al Israel Airlines Global Path Through History Partnership Governor Cuomo Announces I Love New York, Israel Ministry of Tourism and El Al Israel Airlines Global Path Through History Partnership Archibald takes CiCLE Classic crown in dramatic Melton Mowbray finale London Attacks: Statement by European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker High Representative/Vice-President Federica Mogherini meets with Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Latest Research Report on Global Tissue Market Professional Survey 2017 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 05/31/2017 — This report studies Tissue in Global market, especially in North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan and India, with production, revenue, consumption, import and export in these regions, from 2012 to 2016, and forecast to 2022. This report focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Procter & Gamble (P&G) SCA Georgia Pacific Kimberly-Clark Cascades Kruger Mets? Tissue Heng An WEPA Asaleo Care C&S Paper Essendant Inc(Boardwalk) Oasis Brands Seventh Generation To Get Sample Copy of Report visit @ http://www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=S&repid=1073402 By types, the market can be split into Facial Paper Paper Towel Paper Napkin Bathroom Tissue By Application, the market can be split into At Home Away From Home (AFH) By Regions, this report covers (we can add the regions/countries as you want) North America China Europe Southeast Asia Japan India Table of Contents Global Tissue Market Professional Survey Report 2017 1 Industry Overview of Tissue1.1 Definition and Specifications of Tissue 1.1.1 Definition of Tissue 1.1.2 Specifications of Tissue 1.2 Classification of Tissue 1.2.1 Facial Paper 1.2.2 Paper Towel 1.2.3 Paper Napkin 1.2.4 Bathroom Tissue 1.3 Applications of Tissue 1.3.1 At Home 1.3.2 Away From Home (AFH) 1.3.3 Application 3 1.4 Market Segment by Regions 1.4.1 North America 1.4.2 China 1.4.3 Europe 1.4.4 Southeast Asia 1.4.5 Japan 1.4.6 India 2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Tissue 2.1 Raw Material and Suppliers 2.2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Tissue 2.3 Manufacturing Process Analysis of Tissue 2.4 Industry Chain Structure of Tissue 3 Technical Data and Manufacturing Plants Analysis of Tissue 3.1 Capacity and Commercial Production Date of Global Tissue Major Manufacturers in 2016 3.2 Manufacturing Plants Distribution of Global Tissue Major Manufacturers in 2016 3.3 R&D Status and Technology Source of Global Tissue Major Manufacturers in 2016 3.4 Raw Materials Sources Analysis of Global Tissue Major Manufacturers in 2016 4 Global Tissue Overall Market Overview 4.1 2012-2017E Overall Market Analysis 4.2 Capacity Analysis 4.2.1 2012-2017E Global Tissue Capacity and Growth Rate Analysis 4.2.2 2016 Tissue Capacity Analysis (Company Segment) 4.3 Sales Analysis 4.3.1 2012-2017E Global Tissue Sales and Growth Rate Analysis 4.3.2 2016 Tissue Sales Analysis (Company Segment) 4.4 Sales Price Analysis 4.4.1 2012-2017E Global Tissue Sales Price 4.4.2 2016 Tissue Sales Price Analysis (Company Segment) 5 Tissue Regional Market Analysis 5.1 North America Tissue Market Analysis 5.1.1 North America Tissue Market Overview 5.1.2 North America 2012-2017E Tissue Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.1.3 North America 2012-2017E Tissue Sales Price Analysis 5.1.4 North America 2016 Tissue Market Share Analysis 5.2 China Tissue Market Analysis 5.2.1 China Tissue Market Overview 5.2.2 China 2012-2017E Tissue Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.2.3 China 2012-2017E Tissue Sales Price Analysis 5.2.4 China 2016 Tissue Market Share Analysis 5.3 Europe Tissue Market Analysis 5.3.1 Europe Tissue Market Overview 5.3.2 Europe 2012-2017E Tissue Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.3.3 Europe 2012-2017E Tissue Sales Price Analysis 5.3.4 Europe 2016 Tissue Market Share Analysis 5.4 Southeast Asia Tissue Market Analysis 5.4.1 Southeast Asia Tissue Market Overview 5.4.2 Southeast Asia 2012-2017E Tissue Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.4.3 Southeast Asia 2012-2017E Tissue Sales Price Analysis 5.4.4 Southeast Asia 2016 Tissue Market Share Analysis 5.5 Japan Tissue Market Analysis 5.5.1 Japan Tissue Market Overview 5.5.2 Japan 2012-2017E Tissue Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.5.3 Japan 2012-2017E Tissue Sales Price Analysis 5.5.4 Japan 2016 Tissue Market Share Analysis 5.6 India Tissue Market Analysis 5.6.1 India Tissue Market Overview 5.6.2 India 2012-2017E Tissue Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.6.3 India 2012-2017E Tissue Sales Price Analysis 5.6.4 India 2016 Tissue Market Share Analysis 6 Global 2012-2017E Tissue Segment Market Analysis (by Type) 6.1 Global 2012-2017E Tissue Sales by Type 6.2 Different Types of Tissue Product Interview Price Analysis 6.3 Different Types of Tissue Product Driving Factors Analysis 6.3.1 Facial Paper of Tissue Growth Driving Factor Analysis 6.3.2 Paper Towel of Tissue Growth Driving Factor Analysis 6.3.3 Paper Napkin of Tissue Growth Driving Factor Analysis 6.3.4 Bathroom Tissue of Tissue Growth Driving Factor Analysis Make an Enquiry of this report @ http://www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=E&repid=1073402 CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Danmarks Skibskredit A/S, Endelige obligationsvilkår Next PostNext Beer Market – Global Trend, Growth Forecast & Industry Outlook Analysis Report 2014-2021 Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Procter and Gamble Austria GmbH in Beauty and Personal Care (Austria) Market:Demand,Forecast,Size Summary This report helps to analyze competitive developments such as joint ventures, strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, new product developments, and research and developments in the Procter and Gamble Austria GmbH in Beauty and Personal Care (Austria) Market Description Procter & Gamble Austria follows the corporate and marketing strategies of its parent company, such as focusing on the categories that provide it with the best market opportunities. Local Company Profiles are a concise set of briefings detailing the strategic direction taken by a company. Discover key contact details, the company background and their competitive positioning through this collection of snapshot company profiles. Get a PDF Sample of Report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/296608  . Product coverage: Baby and Child-specific Products, Bath and Shower, Colour Cosmetics, Deodorants, Depilatories, Fragrances, Hair Care, Mass Beauty and Personal Care, Men’s Grooming, Oral Care, Oral Care Excl Power Toothbrushes, Premium Beauty and Personal Care, Sets/Kits, Skin Care, Sun Care. Data coverage: market sizes (historic and forecasts), company shares, brand shares and distribution data. Why buy this report? Get a detailed picture of the Beauty and Personal Care market; Pinpoint growth sectors and identify factors driving change; Understand the competitive environment, the market’s major players and leading brands; Use five-year forecasts to assess how the market is predicted to develop. Companies Mentioned: Procter & Gamble Austria GmbH Got any Query? Feel free to ask us at : http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/enquiry-before-buying/296608 . About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsBusiness Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Calcium Sulfate Based Floor Panel Market Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2022, Business Opportunities & Future Investments Next PostNext Honma Golf Announces FY2017 Annual Results; Net Profit Rose by 38.9% Hitting JPY5.0 Billion Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Hello Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Are Procter & Gamble Co.'s Growth Days Over? P&G is on track for a third straight year of sluggish sales gains. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) May 30, 2017 at 1:34PM It's been two steps forward, one step back for Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG) investors so far this year. The consumer products giant posted consecutive solid quarters of growth to begin its fiscal 2017. In fact, the boost was strong enough that it convinced management to raise its operating outlook. But P&G in late April revealed a slowdown and warned that it would likely finish at the low end of its latest guidance. Below, we'll look at the prospects for this struggling business to return to market-beating sales gains. Breaking down the slump Organic growth fell to a 1% rate last quarter after rising by 2% in the prior quarter and by 3% at the start of the year. The drop was broad-based, with the core U.S. market seeing its growth rate cut in half from the prior quarter as developing markets slipped to a 4% increase from 5%. A few negative industry trends contributed to the slump, including delayed tax returns and rising gas prices. As a result, P&G wasn't the only company to take an operating hit. Unilever (NYSE:UL) posted declining sales volumes in its fiscal first quarter and had to rely solely on price increases to boost revenue. And Colgate (NYSE:CL), which competes with P&G's Crest toothpaste brand, lowered its outlook after first-quarter results came in below management's target. "Uncertainty in global markets and slowing category growth worldwide remain challenging," executives said as they predicted underperforming their goal of between 4% and 7% organic growth this year. Image source: Getty Images. Yet P&G also lost market share in some of its most important categories. The grooming business endured a double-digit sales drop in developed markets as the Gillette razor blade franchise struggled against intense competition including from Unilever's Dollar Shave Club. The brand has seen its market share dive to below 65% from 70% in fiscal 2013, and there aren't currently signs that a turnaround has taken hold. Doubling down on what's working On the bright side, P&G has now shed dozens of its weakest brands so that the remaining portfolio enjoys both above-average growth prospects and unusually high profitability. Those advantages are combining with huge cost cuts and efficiency gains to put the company in a great position to plow investments into supporting its key franchises with bigger marketing budgets. It's early to expect major positive impacts from these changes, especially as the industry weakens further, but P&G did manage higher sales volume last quarter, which is more than rival Kimberly-Clark can claim. Among its other key wins was a 30% spike in e-commerce sales that pushed that segment to a respectable 5% of the overall business. Procter & Gamble's earnings are rising, too, allowing the company to return to a more respectable pace of dividend increases. PG Net Income (TTM) data by YCharts. A real growth upgrade -- one that delivers persistent market share gains -- won't happen until P&G ups its innovation game. The good news is that the company has in the recent past introduced products that both sped up the category and generated lasting profits. These include Tide pods and Downy scent beads. The franchises are driving industry-leading revenue and profitability growth more than five years from their introduction. Unless P&G can launch a string of product hits like these in its baby care, fabric care, grooming, and healthcare segments, organic growth is likely to continue lagging the industry. Management says they're working on plenty of ideas with this kind of potential. If a few of the innovations succeed, the company can at least partly offset the weak industry conditions that CEO David Taylor and his team are projecting to seep into the 2018 fiscal year that begins in July. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Kimberly-Clark and Unilever. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Demitri covers consumer goods and media companies for Fool.com, as well as broader moves in the economy. Follow @tmfsigma Article Info May 30, 2017 at 1:34PM Consumer Goods Stocks Unilever NYSE:UL $56.41 up $0.33 (0.59%) Procter & Gamble NYSE:PG $88.59 up $0.46 (0.52%) Colgate-Palmolive NYSE:CL $77.11 up $0.42 (0.55%) Read More 10 Companies That Have Paid Dividends for More Than 120 Years 3 Dividend Stocks for Thrifty Investors Procter & Gamble Co. Stock at $90: What's Next? Better Buy: Procter & Gamble Co vs. Altria Group Inc 4 Key Quotes From Procter & Gamble Co.'s Earnings Call Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Are Procter & Gamble Co.'s Growth Days Over? @themotleyfool #stocks $UL, $PG, $CL
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News HeidelbergCement AG (HEI) Given a €95.00 Price Target by Citigroup Inc Analysts HeidelbergCement AG (HEI) Given a €107.00 Price Target at BNP Paribas Credit Suisse Group AG Analysts Give GEA Group Aktiengesellschaft (G1A) a €42.00 Price Target Berenberg Bank Reiterates €9.50 Price Target for Evotec AG (EVT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Initiates Coverage on CUI Global Inc (CUI) Short Interest in Entegra Financial Corp (ENFC) Drops By 6.8% IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. (IDXX) Now Covered by Aegis Wedbush Comments on Genuine Parts Company’s Q3 2017 Earnings (GPC) Stabilus SA (STM) PT Set at €66.00 by Hauck & Aufhaeuser Wacker Chemie AG (WCH) PT Set at €98.00 by Morgan Stanley Deutsche Pfandbriefbank AG (PBB) Given a €13.00 Price Target at Commerzbank Ag Michael Kors Holdings Ltd (KORS) PT Set at $35.00 by BMO Capital Markets At Home Group Inc (HOME) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Vetr Inc. Upgrades Las Vegas Sands Corp. (LVS) to “Buy” Short Interest in QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) Grows By 11.8% SLM Corp (SLM) Short Interest Update Crane Co. (CR) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Citigroup Inc Cuts Burlington Stores Inc (BURL) Price Target to $94.00 Vipera Plc (VIP) PT Raised to GBX 7 Best Buy Co Inc (BBY) Raised to Buy at Jefferies Group LLC Fenimore Asset Management Inc. Maintains Stake in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) May 30th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Fenimore Asset Management Inc. maintained its stake in Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 2,880 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Fenimore Asset Management Inc.’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Co were worth $259,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other large investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. State Street Corp increased its stake in Procter & Gamble Co by 0.9% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 117,814,233 shares of the company’s stock worth $9,905,824,000 after buying an additional 1,102,516 shares during the period. Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its stake in Procter & Gamble Co by 0.3% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 41,540,032 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,728,219,000 after buying an additional 105,964 shares during the period. Norges Bank acquired a new stake in Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter worth approximately $1,918,188,000. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD increased its stake in Procter & Gamble Co by 0.4% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 14,964,441 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,343,059,000 after buying an additional 62,847 shares during the period. Finally, Loomis Sayles & Co. L P increased its stake in Procter & Gamble Co by 4.9% in the fourth quarter. Loomis Sayles & Co. L P now owns 8,766,489 shares of the company’s stock worth $737,087,000 after buying an additional 406,412 shares during the period. 68.33% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Shares of Procter & Gamble Co (PG) opened at 87.25 on Tuesday. Procter & Gamble Co has a 52-week low of $80.74 and a 52-week high of $92.00. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $87.71 and its 200-day moving average price is $87.14. The stock has a market cap of $223.15 billion, a PE ratio of 16.04 and a beta of 0.64. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, April 26th. The company reported $0.96 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.94 by $0.02. The business had revenue of $15.61 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $15.70 billion. Procter & Gamble Co had a return on equity of 18.58% and a net margin of 23.44%. The company’s revenue was down 1.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $0.86 earnings per share. Analysts expect that Procter & Gamble Co will post $3.85 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, May 15th. Stockholders of record on Friday, April 21st were issued a $0.6896 dividend. This is a positive change from Procter & Gamble Co’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.67. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, April 19th. This represents a $2.76 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.16%. Procter & Gamble Co’s dividend payout ratio is 48.73%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Fenimore Asset Management Inc. Maintains Stake in Procter & Gamble Co (PG)” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/30/fenimore-asset-management-inc-maintains-stake-in-procter-gamble-co-pg.html. A number of equities research analysts have commented on PG shares. B. Riley downgraded Procter & Gamble Co from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and reduced their target price for the company from $106.00 to $91.00 in a report on Monday, March 6th. Jefferies Group LLC raised their target price on Procter & Gamble Co from $99.00 to $101.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, February 15th. Stifel Nicolaus reduced their target price on Procter & Gamble Co from $88.00 to $87.00 and set a “hold” rating for the company in a report on Thursday, April 27th. Zacks Investment Research raised Procter & Gamble Co from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, March 29th. Finally, Vetr raised Procter & Gamble Co from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $88.80 target price for the company in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have given a hold rating, six have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $92.34. In other news, insider Steven D. Bishop sold 2,668 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, May 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $87.34, for a total transaction of $233,023.12. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 43,608 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $3,808,722.72. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, insider Patrice Louvet sold 3,837 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, May 4th. The shares were sold at an average price of $87.00, for a total value of $333,819.00. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 46,913 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $4,081,431. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders sold 199,891 shares of company stock valued at $17,276,637. Insiders own 0.35% of the company’s stock. About Procter & Gamble Co The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Hello Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: 5 Things You Didn't Know About Kimberly-Clark Corporation Here are a few key facts investors should know about this consumer goods giant. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) May 31, 2017 at 5:01PM It's one of the biggest consumer goods companies on the market, with dozens of global brands including Huggies diapers, Kleenex tissues, and Cottonelle toilet paper. But while you may be familiar with most of Kimberly-Clark's (NYSE:KMB) hit franchises, read on for a few key operating and financial facts you might not know about this business. Long sales slump Kimberly-Clark's annual revenue has slipped in each of the last two fiscal years after peaking at just under $20 billion in 2014. The decline is entirely thanks to foreign exchange rate shifts, though. Last year's 2% gain, for example, was the result of a slight uptick in organic growth that was swamped by a 4% hit from currency moves.  Image source: Kimberly-Clark. Stripping out the effects of exchange-rate moves still leaves a business facing major industry challenges. Kimberly-Clark's organic growth slowed to a 2% pace in 2016 from 5% in the prior year. The company expects 2017 to mark a second straight year of deceleration, too. Heavy reliance on rich markets Kimberly-Clark generates just over half of its sales -- and 70% of profits -- from the U.S. market. Peer Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG), whose blockbuster Pampers brand battles against Kimberly-Clark's Huggies franchise, counts just 44% of its business from the U.S. The heavy reliance on this market has extracted a price on the business over the last few years. Since that industry segment has slowed to near zero growth, Kimberly-Clark has seen its organic growth pace fall as peers rebound or hold steady. P&G is on track to speed up its expansion pace to between 2% and 3% this year, from 1% in 2016, and Unilever is growing at a hefty 4% pace. Improving profitability The company generated a record high $2.2 billion of profit last year despite the sinking sales base. Cost cuts played a key role in this happy result as Kimberly-Clark sliced $435 million from its expense infrastructure. The trend continued into 2017, with $110 million of costs removed in the first quarter. In fact, operating margin has climbed to over 18% of sales, and executives believe they can reach 20% in the next few years, which would put Kimberly-Clark in the same company as industry leaders Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG) and Clorox (NYSE: CLX). KMB Operating Margin (TTM) data by YCharts. Falling prices Kimberly-Clark aims to generate growth that's driven by increasing sales volumes but also includes a healthy dose of rising prices. Yet prices fell by more than a full percentage point in the most recent quarter. The decline was due to spiking competition in the U.S. market, management explained, where organic sales dove by 3%. Executives said its market segments worsened to a 0.5% growth pace from 1.5% last year. That decline is the main reason the company believes it will slightly underperform last year's 2% organic growth in 2017. Rich dividend history The company has boosted its dividend in each of the last 44 years, with the most recent annual raises weighing in at 5.4% this year and 4.5% in 2016. That puts the company ahead of P&G, whose latest two dividend increases were 3% and 1%. P&G has a longer track record of raises, though, boasting 60 straight annual hikes. Thanks to rising profitability and the declining negative impact of foreign currency moves, Kimberly-Clark remains on track to boost adjusted earnings by between 3% and 5% to mark a slight slowdown from the prior year's 5% boost. Improved growth in 2018 and beyond will depend on the health of the industry and on whether the company's latest innovations in its core tissue and diaper brands are a hit with consumers. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Kimberly-Clark. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Demitri covers consumer goods and media companies for Fool.com, as well as broader moves in the economy. Follow @tmfsigma Article Info May 31, 2017 at 5:01PM Consumer Goods Stocks Procter & Gamble NYSE:PG $88.59 up $0.46 (0.52%) Kimberly-Clark NYSE:KMB $130.64 up $0.65 (0.50%) Read More 4 Key Quotes From Kimberly Clark Corp's Earnings Call 5 Things Kimberly-Clark Corp's Management Wants You to Know Kimberly-Clark Corp Confirms 2017 Profit Forecast How Kimberly Clark Corp Makes Most of Its Money 3 Bulletproof Dividend Stocks to Survive the Brexit Panic Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current 5 Things You Didn't Know About Kimberly-Clark Corporation @themotleyfool #stocks $PG, $KMB
Toggle Subscribe Search News and Politics Fashion Entertainment Beauty Lifestyle Wellness Toggle Close Submit News and Politics Fashion Entertainment Beauty Lifestyle Wellness Insider Log In Register Subscribe Sign Up for newsletter Subscribe Sign up for our newsletter Email Enter your birthday to completeMonth of birthMonthJanFebMarAprMayJunJulAugSepOctNovDecDay of birthDay01020304050607080910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031Year of birth Careers Miss O and Friends Creator Juliette Brindak On Her Early Success and Upcoming TV Show, Hyperlinked Find out how Juliette Brindak formed a multimillion dollar internet empire when she was only 16, which led her to executive producing her own TV show at 28. Emma Sarran WebsterMay 31, 2017 5:35PM EDT Facebook Twitter Pinterest Facebook Twitter Pinterest facebook dialog PinterestYouTube Red Lots of 16-year-olds spend lots of time on the Internet, particularly on social networks. Far fewer 16-year-olds create their own social networks that other teens flock to. But the latter was indeed the case with Juliette Brindak, who launched her website, Miss O and Friends in 2005 when she was only 16 years old. The site quickly became a haven for young girls to communicate, play games, get inspired, and more; and by 2008 it attracted the massive corporation, Procter & Gamble, which invested in and valued Miss O and Friends at $15 million. Three years later, Juliette’s teenage passion project had a steady user stream of 3 million monthly visitors. As Miss O and Friends continued full-steam ahead, Juliette did as well, even earning her college degree while running her thriving enterprise. And now, at 28, she’s taking yet another monumental step in her career: Juliette is executive producing a television series, Hyperlinked, based on her own story (including a namesake character specifically based on her). The 10-episode series, launching today on YouTube Red and was written and directed by an all-female team, will follow a fictional group of girls creating their own girls’ websites and navigating the all-too-common issues that face young teens coming of age. Teen Vogue caught up with Juliette to talk her website, TV show, and how she’s overcome the struggles of being a female entrepreneur. TV: Why did you start the website Miss O and Friends? JB: Miss O and Friends was first inspired by drawings I did when I was 10. We were driving back from vacation and I was bored, so I started doodling these girls I called “cool girls.” I gave them to my mom who’s a designer and she turned them into these characters: one for me and one for my little sister, Olivia. For years we’d just play with them. Then for Olivia’s 8th birthday, my mom made “Miss O-like” characters for her friends. When her friends saw these girls blown up big and mounted on thick foam core, they went CRAZY for them! They kept saying how cool they were and how they wished they had stuff with these characters. It was also at this birthday party where I started seeing things going on with Olivia and her friends that my friends and I, who were 13 and in middle school, were dealing with too. Things like: girls forming cliques or not wanting to eat birthday cake because they didn’t want to gain weight. They were only 8! It was really shocking… and seeing this, I wanted to do something to help Olivia and her friends through the next years of their lives and make it a little easier for them to navigate. A lot of girls think they are alone in whatever it is they are going through, but they aren’t. I wanted to create a community of girls that helped one another, where girls could get advice and be inspired, while having fun at the same time by playing games and winning prizes. Olivia’s nickname is “Miss O” and I started the site for her and friends, hence, the name Miss O and Friends! TV: Did you ever anticipate it would grow to be so big? JB: I always dreamed it would! TV: Procter & Gamble invested in your site when you were still a teenager. What do you think drew them to it? What do you think made (and makes) the site so successful? JB: They saw the authenticity in the site and how we were successfully able to tap into a very hard-to-reach demographic. Miss O and Friends wasn’t a company that was created by adults, for girls. It was actually created by girls, for girls and because of that, the site has always been able to stay relevant. It’s our community of girls that drives everything you see on the site, and I think that’s the biggest reason why we’ve been a success. TV: Did you learn coding after founding the site? If so, what was that experience like? JB: I’ve learned a lot of coding since we launched the site. It does take a lot of practice and patience, but it really is cool when you see the finished product. My mom and I have been learning together over the years, and when we both figure out how to do something new, we call each other and are so excited and proud! TV: You also went to college while running Miss O and Friends. What did you study, and what was that experience like? JB: I went to Washington University in St. Louis and studied Anthropology and Public Health. I loved college, and had an incredible four years in St. Louis. At the beginning of every semester, I’d write an email to my professors and let them know about Miss O and Friends and how sometimes there might be times I needed to miss class, or take an exam early. I found the more proactive I was about flagging any potential conflicts, the more understanding they were…because you know how the universe works…everything always happens at the same time! TV: How did the idea for Hyperlinked come about? JB: Our mission at Miss O and Friends has always been to empower and inspire young girls, and create media for girls that helps to build self-esteem. We had been doing this for years with the website, and wanted to grow that, which is why we wanted to create a show. My mom and I were constantly trying to think of ideas for what a series would look like, and one day we were like, “DUH! It should be about the story of how Miss O and Friends started.” The two of us and Larry Reitzer (the third creator of Hyperlinked) worked for months to develop the series and our characters, molding it into a show we are all very proud of and think kids and families will enjoy. TV: What are you most excited about with this series? JB: I’m so excited for girls and families to get to know the strong, empowering, relatable characters we’ve created. I really think they are something to look up to and I think a lot of people will relate to the story lines and situations they deal with. TV: What message do you hope the series sends? JB: I hope anyone watching is inspired, motivated, and empowered to go out and create! Whether it’s a website, an app, a YouTube Channel, or the next big medical breakthrough, you shouldn’t be held back by norms or stereotypes. I want everyone to go out and find what they love and do it. TV: What are some of the biggest challenges you’ve faced as a young, female entrepreneur? JB: When you’re starting out as young, female entrepreneur there definitely will be challenges. I’m young, so people don’t think I know what I’m doing, or that I don’t have enough experience. There are a lot of things when it comes to running a business that I don’t know, but I am either learning or trying something new. And it’s those new things that can be great and different. As a woman, many times the stereotype that I’m probably emotional is used against me and I’m viewed as weak or less qualified. I think that being emotional is actually one of my greatest qualities, because it’s what makes me so passionate and in turn, leads to my successes. When it comes down to it, there will always be people who doubt you or don’t take you as seriously as someone who is older, or male, but look at it as an opportunity to push yourself harder. TV: What advice do you have for girls and women who want to pursue careers in STEM or entrepreneurship, including those who may be scared or hesitant to do so? JB: It’s important for girls and women to feel confident in their STEM skills and know that if it’s something that interests them, keep doing it! Being good at or interested in STEM doesn’t make you nerdy. It makes you smart. And being smart is ALWAYS a good thing. Starting your own company isn’t easy, but if it’s something you believe in and are passionate about, it’s truly worth the journey. Think about why you’re creating it, why it’s important, what niche does it fill, and what you need to make this dream a reality. Once you start figuring out the base, you can work to build your plan of what you need and how you’re going to do it. Related: 7 Tips for Negotiating Your Salary follow us Facebook Twitter Pinterest Recommended for You Follow:FacebookTwitterInstagramPinterestWe Heart ItTumblrYouTubeGoogle Plustoggle social menu Condé Nast Condé Nast Websites Allure Ars Technica Backchannel Bon Appétit Brides Condé Nast Traveler Epicurious Glamour Golf Digest Golf World GQ GQ Style Pitchfork Self Style Teen Vogue The New Yorker The Scene Vanity Fair Vogue W Wired Site MapContact usNewsletter SignupSubscriptionsIn this issue CareersCondé Nast StoreReprints/PermissionsParsons x TeenVogue Accessibility Help Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy (Revised 1/2/2014).  Teen Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers.  Your California Privacy Rights. Teen Vogue © 2017 Condé Nast Digital. All rights reserved. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast Digital. Ad Choices. CNWN Collection
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Global Feminine Protection (Sanitary Pads, Tampons and Pantyliner) Industry: Size, Trends and Forecasts (2017-2021) Several prominent players operating in the Feminine Protection (Sanitary Pads, Tampons and Pantyliner) market adopted partnership as their key strategies. Companies such as  Procter & Gamble (P&G), Edgewell Personal Care Co., Unicharm Corporation and Kimberly-Clark Corporation have introduced innovative and technologically advanced products to capture more market share Scope of the Report The report entitled “Global Feminine Protection(Sanitary Pads, Tampons & Pantyliner) Market: Size, Trends & Forecasts (2017-2021)”, provides analysis of the global feminine protection market, with detailed analysis of market size and growth, and segmentation of the industry. The analysis includes the market by value and by region. The report also provides the analysis of the global feminine protection market of the US, Western Europe, Eastern Europe, China and Latin America regions. Request a sample of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/306153 . Moreover, the report also assesses the key opportunities in the market and outlines the factors that are and will be driving the growth of the industry. Growth of the overall global feminine protection market has also been forecasted for the years 2017-2021, taking into consideration the previous growth patterns, the growth drivers and the current and future trends. Procter & Gamble (P&G), Edgewell Personal Care Co., Unicharm Corporation and Kimberly-Clark Corporation are some of the key players operating in the global feminine protection market, whose company profiling has been done in the report. In this segment of the report, business overview, financial overview and business strategies of the companies are provided Country Coverage The US Western Europe Eastern Europe China Latin America Company Coverage Procter & Gamble (P&G) Edgewell Personal Care Co. Unicharm Corporation Kimberly-Clark Corporation Purchase a copy of Global Feminine Protection (Sanitary Pads, Tampons and Pantyliner) Market visit @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/306153 For more information contact sales@orbisresearch.com   . Executive Summary Feminine hygiene considered some special areas for personal hygiene. Maintaining appropriate hygiene for intimate area is one of the significant factors in female reproductive health, sexual health and quality of life. Feminine hygiene can further be categorized into: Feminine Protection and Intimate Care. Feminine protection includes hygiene absorbent products which are engineered to absorb and retain menstrual blood or others emanating from vagina without causing any leakage. The feminine protection segment can be classified into three major categories – sanitary pads, tampons and Pantyliner. The intimate care is separate from the regular hygiene routine, that include the proper cleaning of intimate area without upsetting the pH balance and therefore help to avoid vaginal infections such as bacterial vaginosis (BV). The major types of intimate care products are: douches, intimate wash and sprays, and feminine wipes. The global feminine protection market is expected to increase at high growth rates during the forecasted period (2017-2021). The global feminine protection market is supported by various growth drivers, such as increasing global female population, increasing disposable income, increase in urban population, growth in e-commerce, etc. Browse Complete Report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/global-feminine-protection-sanitary-pads-tampons-and-pantyliner-market-size-trends-and-forecasts-2017-2021 . Some points from TOC: Executive Summary Introduction 2.1 Feminine Hygiene: An Overview 2.2 Feminine Protection: An Overview 2.2.1 Sanitary Pads/Sanitary Towels 2.2.2 Tampons 2.2.3 Pantyliner 2.3 Intimate Care: An Overview 2.3.1 Douches 2.3.2 Intimate Wash And Sprays 2.3.3 Feminine Wipes 2.4 Advantages & Disadvantages Of Feminine Protection Products Global Market Analysis 3.1 Global Feminine Protection Market: An Analysis 3.1.1 Global Feminine Protection Market by Value 3.1.2 Global Feminine Protection Market by Penetration 3.1.3 Global Feminine Protection Market by Region 3.2 Global Feminine Protection Market: Product Analysis 3.2.1 Global Feminine Protection Market by Products 3.2.2 Global Sanitary Pad Market by Value 3.2.3 Global Tampons Market by Value 3.2.4 Global Pantyliner Market by Value Regional Market Analysis 4.1 The US Feminine Protection Market: An Analysis 4.1.1 The US Feminine Protection Market by Value 4.1.2 The US Feminine Protection Market by Products 4.1.3 The US Feminine Protection Market by Per Capita Spending 4.2 Europe Feminine Protection Market: An Analysis 4.2.1 Western Europe Feminine Protection Market by Value 4.2.2 Eastern Europe Feminine Protection Market by Value 4.3 China Feminine Protection Market: An Analysis 4.3.1 China Feminine Protection Market by Value 4.3.2 China Feminine Protection Market by Products 4.3.3 China Sanitary Protection Market by Consumption 4.3.4 China Feminine Protection Market by Average Monthly Usage 4.3.5 China Feminine Protection Market by Per Capita Spending 4.3.6 China Feminine Protection Market Products by Y-O-Y Growth Rate 4.4 Latin America Feminine Protection Market: An Analysis 4.4.1 Latin America Feminine Protection Market by Value For any enquires before buying, connect with us @ enquiry@orbisresearch.com About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Follow Us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/orbis-research Follow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/orbisresearch Like us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/OrbisResearch   CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsConsumer Goods, Feminine Protection (Sanitary Pads, health-care services, Healthcare, Pharmaceutical, Pharmaceuticals, Tampons and Pantyliner) Industry, Tampons and Pantyliner) Market, Tampons and Pantyliner) Market 2017, Tampons and Pantyliner) Market 2022 Forecast, Tampons and Pantyliner) Market analysis, Tampons and Pantyliner) Market Development, Tampons and Pantyliner) Market growth, Tampons and Pantyliner) Market sales, Tampons and Pantyliner) Market Share, Tampons and Pantyliner) Market Size, Tampons and Pantyliner) Market Trend Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Fingerprint Locker Market 2017 Segmentation, Demand, Growth, Trend, Opportunity and Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Global Pretzel Market to Grow at a CAGR of 2.80% to 2021 Search Recent Posts Australia’s Prescription Painkiller Epidemic Income Becomes the First Insurer in Singapore to use IBM Watson Explorer to improve the efficiency of pre- and post-IncomeShield claims Global And China Automotive Films Industry 2017 Market Research Report Global Embedded Flash Drive Industry 2017 Market Research Report Global Automotive Dyno Market Research Report 2017 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Latest Report Of Procter and Gamble Distribution SRL in Beauty and Personal Care (Romania) Market Summary This report helps to analyze competitive developments In the Procter and Gamble Distribution SRL in Beauty and Personal Care (Romania) Market Description Procter & Gamble has a production unit for hair care products in Romania, producing not only for the domestic market, but also for neighbouring countries. As much as 90% of its production is exported, mainly to Russia and Turkey. Local Company Profiles are a concise set of briefings detailing the strategic direction taken by a company. Discover key contact details, the company background and their competitive positioning through this collection of snapshot company profiles. Product coverage: Baby and Child-specific Products, Bath and Shower, Colour Cosmetics, Deodorants, Depilatories, Fragrances, Hair Care, Mass Beauty and Personal Care, Men’s Grooming, Oral Care, Oral Care Excl Power Toothbrushes, Premium Beauty and Personal Care, Sets/Kits, Skin Care, Sun Care. Data coverage: market sizes (historic and forecasts), company shares, brand shares and distribution data. Get a PDF Sample of Report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/296326   . Why buy this report? Get a detailed picture of the Beauty and Personal Care market; Pinpoint growth sectors and identify factors driving change; Understand the competitive environment, the market’s major players and leading brands; Use five-year forecasts to assess how the market is predicted to develop. Companies Mentioned: Procter & Gamble Distribution SRL The Key Points Mentioned in Procter and Gamble Distribution SRL in Beauty and Personal Care (Romania) Market Report are: Strategic Direction Key Facts Summary 1 Procter & Gamble Distribution SRL: Key Facts Summary 2 Procter & Gamble Distribution SRL: Operational Indicators Competitive Positioning Summary 3 Procter & Gamble Distribution SRL: Competitive Position 2016 Got any Query? Feel free to ask us at : http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/enquiry-before-buying/296326  . About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsBaby and Child-specific Products, Bath and Shower, Beauty and Personal Care (Romania) industry, Beauty and Personal Care (Romania) Market, Colour Cosmetics, Deodorants Industry, Depilatories, Fragrances Market, Healthcare, Procter and Gamble Distribution SRL in Beauty and Personal Care (Romania) Industry, Procter and Gamble Distribution SRL in Beauty and Personal Care (Romania) Market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Honma Golf Announces FY2017 Annual Results; Net Profit Rose by 38.9% Hitting JPY5.0 Billion Next PostNext Parylene Market Size (Value) Worldwide Industry Growth, Share, Trends, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Discover: Quotes Weather Seedstock 100 Blog: Beef Daily LISTEN: Max Armstrong's Daily Updates WATCH: This Week in Agribusiness Digital Issues – BEEF Digital Issues – BEEF Vet More Menu Log In or Register Animal Health Beef Quality BEEF Vet Business Genetics/Reproduction Nutrition Pasture/Range Regulatory Quotes Weather Seedstock 100 Blog: Beef Daily LISTEN: Max Armstrong's Daily Updates WATCH: This Week in Agribusiness Digital Issues – BEEF Digital Issues – BEEF Vet Beef Vet Feeder Focus FFA Chapter Tribute Samuelson Sez Over a Cup Health Ranch Pasture to Pounds Seedstock 100 About Us Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad Choices Search Log In Register Recent Recent 11 tips for young producers from the Beef Improvement Federation Jun 04, 2017 This Week in Agribusiness, June 3, 2017 Jun 03, 2017 Consider compensation plans that build a business Jun 02, 2017 Who won BEEF’s ‘For the love of land & livestock” photo contest? May 30, 2017 Why it’s important to protect calf health prior to birth May 29, 2017 Featured Middle meats, especially the rib, surge in 2017 Jun 01, 2017 Weekly Market Update | Typical holiday week slows market Jun 01, 2017 How Natural Resources Defense Council got it wrong on beef demand May 25, 2017 Meat sales fire up for summer May 31, 2017 Victor Moriyama/Getty Images SAO PAULO, BRAZIL - MARCH 20: Shoppers browse for meat at a public market March 20, 2017 in Sao Paulo, Brazil. Brazilian Federal Police launched a major operation in several Brazilian states with search and arrest warrants for directors of the country's main meat-producing companies, such as JBS and BRF. Thirty-three employees of the Ministry of Agriculture were removed from office for alleged involvement in a corruption scheme and receiving a bribe for allowing spoiled meat to circulate in Brazilian supermarkets. (Photo by Victor Moriyama/Getty Images) Marketing Batista brothers resign from top JBS S.A. posts New board chair announced. May 27, 2017 Compiled by Cheryl Day JBS S.A., the world’s largest meatpacker, announced Friday that Joesley Batista resigned as chairman and member of the board. The Board of Directors unanimously elected Tarek Farahat as Batista’s replacement. Company owners and brothers Joesley and Wesley Batista entered into a plea bargain deal that accused Brazil’s President Michel Temer of endorsing the bribing of a witness in the country’s largest meat scandal. The brothers’ testimony, released last week, unleashed a political crisis, alleging that they bribed hundreds of politicians, reports Reuters. Both brothers resigned from their senior posts effectively immediately. Tarek Farahat has worked for Procter & Gamble for 26 years, serving in a number of leadership positions in several regions around the globe, including the Middle East, Europe and Latin America. From 2006-12, he served as president of P&G Brazil. In 2012, he became president of P&G Latin America and an officer of the company’s executive board. Farahat has been a member of the Board of Directors of JBS since 2013 and has served as global president of Marketing and Innovation since 2015. In the same meeting, José Batista Sobrinho was unanimously elected vice chairman of the Board. The Board also ratified the creation of a Governance Committee, which will be led by Farahat and whose main objective will be to implement global best practices in corporate governance and compliance at JBS. “Governance is my utmost priority. We will work hard to restore trust with the market and protect the more than 235,000 families that are part of JBS. There is a significant amount of work to be done in order to regain the trust of our stakeholders,” states Farahat. “We remain focused on offering consumers the highest quality products and services while maintaining a close partnership with our suppliers and clients, and supporting our more than 235,000 team members worldwide,” adds Farahat. 0 comments Hide comments Comment * More information about text formats Text format CommentsPlain text Comments Allowed HTML tags: <em> <strong> <blockquote> <br> <p> Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. PublishLog in or register to comment Home page Save Related Weekly Market Update | Typical holiday week slows marketJun 02, 2017 Middle meats, especially the rib, surge in 2017Jun 01, 2017 Meat Market Update | Choice-Select spreads sets new recordJun 01, 2017 Weekly Cattle Market Wrap Up: Heavy weight feeders continue to head to townMay 26, 2017 Load More About Contact Us Advertise Sitemap Subscribe Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow us: Copyright © 2017 Penton
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us: SUBSCRIBE NOW My Profile Log out LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age MenuClose Advertising Age Search Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Video Making Sense of the Connected Life Connected devices from Amazon Echo to smart toothbrushes are taking over, but few of us recognize their real power and potential. Featured Super Bowl Ad Archive Best Places to Work Women to Watch 40 Under 40 Agency Report Leading National Advertisers Tagline Podcast Required Reading The 2017 Marketing Fact Pack Opinion See All DigitalNext The Media Guy Agency Viewpoint Rance Crain Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Log Out Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Now Log Out Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Watch the Newest Ads on TV From Toyota, Little Caesars, Smirnoff and More 4 hours ago Array 0 ShondaLand's 'Still Star-Crossed' Stumbles in Memorial Day Debut By Anthony Crupi - 6 hours ago Array 0 Now You Can Eat a Denny's Grand Slam in Bed By Jessica Wohl - 6 hours ago Array 0 Snapchat Moves to Create a Safer Environment for Brands By Garett Sloane - 7 hours ago Array 0 My Banned Words for 2017 By Shelly Palmer - 8 hours ago Array 0 ShondaLand's 'Still Star-Crossed' Stumbles in Memorial Day Debut By Anthony Crupi - 6 hours ago 0 Now You Can Eat a Denny's Grand Slam in Bed By Jessica Wohl - 6 hours ago 0 Brace Yourself for Dollar Shave Club's Cringeworthy Ads About Grooming 'Down There' By Ann-Christine Diaz - 4 days ago 0 Five Things to Expect at Cannes (Not Counting Rosé) By Lindsay Stein - 14 hours ago 0 Video: Mute Melania Is Our Meme of the Week By Simon Dumenco and Nathan Skid - 4 days ago 0 Ad Age's Women to Watch 2017 - 11 hours ago 0 Marketers Struggle With Viewability IRL, Too By Jack Neff - 18 hours ago 0 Ballad of the Sad White Alpha Men By Simon Dumenco - 18 hours ago 0 NBC Wins Broadcast TV's Annual War of Attrition By Anthony Crupi - Yesterday 0 Strahan Reveals Locker Room Secrets (And What He Thinks of Ryan Seacrest) By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 11 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US × Sign In Register Sign In Forgot Password? Once registered, you can: - Read additional free articles each month - Comment on articles and featured creative work - Get our curated newsletters delivered to your inbox Register Now By registering you agree to our privacy policy, terms & conditions and to receive occasional emails from Ad Age. You may unsubscribe at any time. Are you a print subscriber? Activate your account. Digital Media's Year in the Crosshairs Published on May 20, 2017. Credit: Kiyoshi Ota/Bloomberg Most Popular Marketers turned against digital media before January was out. That's when the world's top advertiser, Procter & Gamble, urged a boycott of digital ads that don't meet higher standards. On what? You name it. Then the press spotlighted ads on horrible videos, sending marketers running. Here's your ever-updating timeline to the Year in Digital Hell, newest events up top. Snapchat Moves to Create a Safer Environment for Brands May 30 The app seeks outside help. Marketers Struggle With Viewability IRL, Too May 30 Here's the offline channel with awful viewability. YouTube Trots Out Kevin Hart, James Corden to Woo Back Brands May 4 A big pitch puts the safest content center-stage. Forrester Sees Advertiser Revolt as Beginning of the End May 2 This year's pressure will at least bend the rise of digital, an analyst predicts. Alphabet Rides Mobile Ad Binge, YouTube Boycott Leaves No Mark April 27 YouTube may be too big to fail. IAB Chief 'Can't Deal With This Shit,' Demands Members Join TAG April 21 The main digital ad group tries to fight ad fraud. These Brands Slipped Through YouTube's Safety Check April 19 A toothpaste ad follows a murderer's rant. World Wide Whitelist: Will Brand Safety Strip the Web of Color? April 17 Advertisers may abandon long-tail territory, changing the internet in the process. YouTube Restricts Ads to Vetted Channels, PewDiePie Declares 'Adpocalypse' April 6 Video channels now need 10,000 lifetime views and an approved application to generate revenue. On YouTube Live, Pirates Plunder Entire TV Networks April 5 Turn on YouTube most any morning and see a livestream of CNN or ESPN. YouTube Invites in Safety Inspectors, but Powers Are Limited April 4 "Brand safety vendors are jumping all over this opportunity." YouTube to Offer Third-Party Brand Safety Tools Following Revolt by Marketers April 3 But even the third parties don't know the details. Omnicom Will Sort Through YouTube Videos to Make Sure They're Appropriate March 31 Machines and sometimes people will score content before putting it on a whitelist. As YouTube Tinkers With Ad Formula, Its Stars' Videos Lose Money March 30 New filters let brands block clips in categories like "sensational and shocking." Who Wins and Who Loses in YouTube's Falling Out With Brands March 28 Some in the ad industry who are likely a little gleeful about YouTube's mess. J&J and Verizon Join Major Marketers Suspending YouTube Advertising March 22 J&J "takes this matter very seriously." AT&T Halts YouTube Ad Buys Over Brand Safety Concerns March 22 "Our ads may have appeared alongside YouTube content promoting terrorism and hate." ANA Calls for Audits at Instagram, Snapchat, Twitter and Pinterest March 17 The digital advertising platforms have yet to adopt independent audits of ad campaigns. Havas Freezes All Google and YouTube Ad Spend in the U.K. March 17 Scrunity grows. Can Big Digital Players Meet P&G's Measurement Deadline? March 13 It's no slam dunk. On Snapchat, Nudes Can Be Followed by a Word From Our Sponsor March 6 IHOP and "The Lego Batman Movie" pop up popped up among nude videos. YouTube Promises New Auditing Measures Will Prove Ad Quality Feb. 21 "Progress that will help move the industry forward," P&G's Pritchard says. Super Bowl Ads Show Up With YouTube Videos Promoting Terror Groups Feb. 12 Hyundai's salute to U.S. troops appears as pre-roll to a video supporting Hezbollah. P&G Tells Digital to Clean Up, Lays Down New Rules to Get Paid Jan. 30 "The days of giving digital a pass are over," Chief Brand Officer Marc Pritchard says. In this article: Ad Tech Digital Digital Video Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Site by AREA 17
null
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us: SUBSCRIBE NOW My Profile Log out LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age MenuClose Advertising Age Search Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Video Making Sense of the Connected Life Connected devices from Amazon Echo to smart toothbrushes are taking over, but few of us recognize their real power and potential. Featured Super Bowl Ad Archive Best Places to Work Women to Watch 40 Under 40 Agency Report Leading National Advertisers Tagline Podcast Required Reading The 2017 Marketing Fact Pack Opinion See All DigitalNext The Media Guy Agency Viewpoint Rance Crain Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Log Out Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Now Log Out Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Kathy Griffin Loses CNN New Year's Eve Show and Squatty Potty Deal By Jack Neff - 10 minutes ago Array 0 JetBlue Tests Face Recognition to Scrap Boarding Passes 1 hour ago Array 0 New Publicis CEO Takes Over Tomorrow but Lévy Won't Fade Away By Emma Hall - 1 hour ago Array 0 Marketers, What's Your Covfefe Strategy? By Simon Dumenco - 2 hours ago Array 0 TBWA Promotes Garbutt to Global Chief Creative Officer, Davies Joins Irish International By Alexandra Jardine - 2 hours ago Array 0 Free the Bid: Women Directors Ready For Their Close-Ups By Ann-Christine Diaz - 6 hours ago 0 Marketers, What's Your Covfefe Strategy? By Simon Dumenco - 2 hours ago 0 The Rise of the Robo-Restaurant (And Other Eating Out Trends) By Jessica Wohl - 6 hours ago 0 Nutella Creates Seven Million Jars Covered in One-of-a-Kind Patterns By Alexandra Jardine - 21 hours ago 0 Kathy Griffin Loses CNN New Year's Eve Show and Squatty Potty Deal By Jack Neff - 10 minutes ago 0 Ad Age's Women to Watch 2017 - 11 hours ago 0 Marketers Struggle With Viewability IRL, Too By Jack Neff - 18 hours ago 0 Ballad of the Sad White Alpha Men By Simon Dumenco - 18 hours ago 0 NBC Wins Broadcast TV's Annual War of Attrition By Anthony Crupi - Yesterday 0 Strahan Reveals Locker Room Secrets (And What He Thinks of Ryan Seacrest) By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 11 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US × Sign In Register Sign In Forgot Password? Once registered, you can: - Read additional free articles each month - Comment on articles and featured creative work - Get our curated newsletters delivered to your inbox Register Now By registering you agree to our privacy policy, terms & conditions and to receive occasional emails from Ad Age. You may unsubscribe at any time. Are you a print subscriber? Activate your account. Marketers Struggle With Viewability IRL, Too By Jack Neff. Published on May 30, 2017. A Pepperidge Farm endcap display in a grocery store.  Credit: Rabbit57i_Flicker Most Popular Procter & Gamble lit a brushfire in digital advertising this year when it said it was done paying for ads it couldn't prove were served on-screen. "The days of giving digital a pass are over," P&G Chief Brand Officer Marc Pritchard said. But another medium with a huge share of marketers' money has a "viewability" problem of its own: Corrugated paper displays in stores. Promotional displays make it out of back rooms and onto display floors -- let's call it "in view" -- less than half the time that they're supposed to, recent studies have found. Unviewable ads IRL are a huge cost. P&G alone spends around $1 billion annually just on corrugated displays around the world, people familiar with the matter said. Last month P&G pegged potential savings from eliminating waste from promotional materials of all sorts, which includes these displays, $500 million annually within five years. That compares to $1 billion in planned savings from media buying and $500 million from agency and production fees. Quri, a retail intelligence company that pays 500,000 people to use their phones to take pictures of store displays, finds compliance rates around promotional plans average around 43%, said President-Chief Operating Officer David Gottlieb. Another study last year by Shelfbucks, which sensors in stores and RFID chips into cardboard displays to track how they're deployed, found displays were on the sales floor at the start of scheduled promotions only 46% of the time. The study involved 21 brands owned by major marketers including P&G, Unilever, Mondelez and Kraft Heinz. Better compliance with promotion plans could improve sales lift by 30% to 45% Shelfbucks estimated. But another firm that wasn't selling solutions, or expecting to find them a major factor, also found similar results. In a study for an undisclosed marketer in late 2015, Cadent Consulting found that its brands' shelf presence beyond their regular slots were visible 66% of the time, but the corrugated or other shopper-marketing materials intended to go with them were only present 43% of the time, said Managing Partner Don Stuart. "Compliance had a bigger impact on ROI than any other factor," Stuart said. Quri said it has national coverage now as well as a handful of clients, though it declined to name them. A former top P&G sales executive sits on the advisory board. Shelfbucks is in only 300 stores now but said it has signed a deal with a major national retailer that will add thousands more stores by year end, with plans to eventually cover 35,000 at the seven leading national retailers. Cadent's bi-annual survey earlier this year found manufacturer plans for shopper-marketing spending leveling off for the first time ever, and spending plans declining for a broader array of retailer promotions. Concern about whether retailers, brokers or other third parties are really following through on plans may be part of what's driving those intentions, he said. But he also doesn't expect marketers can follow through on their cutbacks. "It was a fairly dismal first quarter for most manufacturers and retailers," Stuart said. "As a result, I think there's going to be back-half catch-up. That means manufacturers are going to be spending aggressively, and retailers are going to be looking for that money." ~ ~ ~ CORRECTION: An earlier version of this article described Quri executive David Gottlieb as the company's CEO. He is president and chief operating officer. In this article: CMO Strategy Digital Research Retail Shopper Marketing Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Site by AREA 17
Stay Connected Socialize News Agriculture Sports Obituaries How to Place an Obituary Community Living 50+ If Postcards Could Talk Pat’s Pantry Features Weddings Anniversaries Births Engagements Jack Remembers Jo’s Jottings School News Adopt a Pet Religion Ray County Church Listing Legal Notices Classifieds E-Edition Subscription Rates Subscription Rates Auctions Editorials Letters Photo Gallery Hall of Fame Mushroom Festival Mushroom Festival Largest Morel Contest 2017 Advertise with us Community Calendar Submit Your News City of Richmond Contact Us Town & Country Leader East Kenneth Randell Light Kenneth Randell Light, 81, of Orrick, died May 30, 2017, at his home. Kenneth was born Nov. 24, 1935, in Laclede County, to Clarence Randell Light and Opal Alice (Cope) Light. He was united in marriage to Wilma Jean Oliphant in Hartville July 20, 1956. He lived in Kansas City north before moving to Orrick in 1969. Kenneth worked as a millwright for Procter & Gamble in Kansas City, Kan. from 1957 until his retirement in 1992. He was a member of Orrick Baptist Church and was ordained a deacon in the church Feb. 24, 1974. Kenneth loved to fish and hunt and enjoyed time spent with his family, especially his grandchildren and great granddaughter. Kenneth was preceded in death by his parents; two daughters, Candye Light and Sandra Light; and a brother, Clarence Lorraine Light. He is survived by his wife of 60 years, Wilma Jean Light, of the home; a daughter and son-in-law, Michelle Culler (John), of Kansas City, Kan.; his sisters, Veta Berry (Bill), of Kansas City, Kan., and Jannette Light, of Springfield; a brother, Wayne Light (Debbie), of Parkville; grandchildren, Christa Phillips (Lonney), Joshua Teegarden (Danielle) and Kurt Culler; great-granddaughter, Brooke Phillilps; and numerous nieces and nephews. Visitation is 6 to 7:30 p.m., Thursday, June 1, at Orrick Baptist Church. Funeral services are 10 a.m., Friday, June 2, at the church. Burial is in South Point Cemetery, Orrick. Memorials are suggested to St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital. Arrangements are under the direction of Gowing Funeral Home, Orrick.     You must be logged in to post a comment Login   Archives Archives Select Month June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 Home Contact Us Community Calendar Legal Notices Classifieds Submit Your News City of Richmond Advertise with us © 2017, ↑ Richmond Daily News Log in- Posts - Add New -
Turkey world middle east europe americas africa asia - pacific economy politics sports health infographics photo video video gallery multimedia other corporate news finance terminal anadolu images energy terminal anadolu post anadolu post news academy election 2015 Türkçe English BHS Pусский Français العربية Kurdî کوردی Shqip فارسی македонски Anadolu Agency English Turkey Turkish humanitarian aid ship leaves for Somalia Features archive Turkish president calls for a greener world Features archive Germany signals willingness to take steps against PKK Features archive Turkey condemns London terror attacks Features archive Eight PKK terrorists killed in eastern Turkey Features archive world middle east Saudi Arabia, Bahrain sever diplomatic ties with Qatar Features archive Hamas leader heads to Egypt to hold official talks Features archive Daesh attacks kill 32 Iraqi soldiers in Mosul Features archive Yemeni gov’t backs UN envoy’s plan for Red Sea port Features archive europe Germany signals willingness to take steps against PKK Features archive British PM says 'enough is enough' after London attack Features archive Turkey condemns London terror attacks Features archive ‘Terror attacks’ strike London Bridge, Borough Market Features archive americas US states, cities step in to fill Trump Paris exit Features archive Erdogan files complaint against ex-Pentagon official Features archive US Supreme Court to hear Muslim travel ban case Features archive US: Warriors take Game 1 of NBA Finals Features archive africa Kenyan bus operators oppose new high-speed railway Features archive Cape Town to host global energy players on Monday Features archive Turkish humanitarian aid ship leaves for Somalia Features archive Zambia arrests 30 Chinese for illegal mining activities Features archive asia - pacific '12 Daesh fighters' killed in southwestern Pakistan Features archive Resorts World Manila gunman identified Features archive Cambodia goes to polls for commune elections Features archive 4-hour cease-fire declared in Philippines Features archive economy Erdogan urges Turkish investors to play productive role Features archive Borsa Istanbul closes at record high Features archive IFC to invest $150M bond for green buildings Features archive Interest income by Turkish banks rises to $21.2B Features archive Putin calls on US businessmen to help 'normalize' ties Features archive politics Russia says it would not veto UN sanctions on N.Korea Features archive Russia lifts further trade sanctions against Turkey Features archive US Supreme Court to hear Muslim travel ban case Features archive US anti-missile system in South Korea 'threat' to Russia Features archive Germany, China vow to deepen 'strategic partnership' Features archive sports Goztepe advances to Turkish Super Lig after penalties Features archive Real Madrid wins UEFA Champions League Features archive Turkey's Calhanoglu available again after 4-month ban Features archive Football: Bursaspor stave off relegation with win Features archive Pakistan boycotts Afghan cricket league Features archive health Botched measles vaccines kill 15 children in S.Sudan Features archive Global cancer spending tops $110 billion Features archive Turkey sends Zimbabwe 35 tons of aid Features archive Nearly one in five people is obese in Turkey: Survey Features archive Cholera outbreak kills 532 in Yemen: WHO Features archive infographics photo 'Terror attacks' strike London Besiktas celebrate after winning Turkish Super Lig title Fire in Hasim Iscan Underpass in Fatih, Istanbul Largest Franco-era mass grave exhumed in Valencia, Spain Ceremony for Turkish soldiers martyred in air crash video video gallery 'Terror attacks' strike London Police release video of Daesh terrorists planning attack in Turkey TurkStream's construction vessel on way to Black Sea Kabul truck bombing kills at least 50, over 300 wounded multimedia Anadolu Post: Your source for trusted news FETO Exposed: Mithat Aynacı July 15 coup protester martyred 'for the sake of the homeland' FETO Exposed: Adil oksuz other corporate news finance terminal anadolu images energy terminal news academy anadolu post anadolu post select language Türkçe English BHS Pусский Français العربية Kurdî کوردی Shqip فارسی македонски breaking Saudi Arabia, Bahrain sever diplomatic ties with Qatar US CEOs urge Trump to stay in Paris agreement ‘President Trump, stay in Paris and negotiate a better deal that creates jobs,’ CEOs say home > world, americas 31.05.2017 Övünç Kutlu New York Features archive related news CEOs blast Trump’s move to withdraw US from Paris deal Trump aide sought secret channel with Kremlin US appeals court upholds block on Trump's Muslim ban Trump sends to Congress $4.1 trillion budget plan Trump’s 'terror' label for Hamas draws Palestinian fire By Ovunc Kutlu NEW YORK The CEOs of 10 major American companies urged use a television advertisement Wednesday to urge President Donald Trump to stay in the Paris climate agreement. "We are writing to express our strong support for the United States remaining in the Paris Climate Agreement," it said. "President Trump, stay in Paris and negotiate a better deal that creates jobs," according to the commercial that is also available on YouTube. The advertisement was signed by the heads of 3M, Morgan Stanley, JPMorgan Chase, Proctor & Gamble, General Electric, Johnson & Johnson, The Dow Chemical Company, Tesla, Citigroup and The Disney Company. The Paris Agreement, which was spearheaded by former President Barack Obama and signed by 195 countries in April 2016, aims to fight climate change by reducing carbon emissions and limiting global temperature rise to below 2 degrees Celsius. During his election campaign, however, Trump called global warming "a hoax" and promised to scrap the agreement and return jobs to the coal industry that is often an easy target for environmentalists. "I will be announcing my decision on the Paris Accord over the next few days. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!," Trump said via Twitter on Wednesday. Anadolu Agency website contains only a portion of the news stories offered to subscribers in the AA News Broadcasting System (HAS), and in summarized form. Please contact us for subscription options. Facebook Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Related Galleries today's headlines 21 : 14 Turkey Turkish humanitarian aid ship leaves for Somalia 18 : 25 world Hamas leader heads to Egypt to hold official talks 16 : 12 Turkey Germany signals willingness to take steps against PKK 15 : 38 Turkey Turkey condemns London terror attacks 13 : 15 world Resorts World Manila gunman identified 12 : 04 Turkey Raqqah operation started on Friday night: Turkish PM analysis news Germany and the liberal world order: What to expect? OPINION - Trump meets European allies: NATO’s future at stake Fenerbahce's Euroleague victory "is for Turkey" Turkey and India pondering over their policy limits PKK’s franchising strategy US CEOs urge Trump to stay in Paris agreement 1 / 1 US CEOs urge Trump to stay in Paris agreement analysis news corporate news education culture and art life science-technology photo video up corporate history editorial guideliness social media policies ethics commission executive team domestic offices international offices media center contact quality management announcement service sponsorship human resources subscription requests corporate news finance terminal anadolu images energy terminal news academy election 2015 mobile services iPhone application iPad application Android application Windows application © Anadolu Agency 2017
NewsInferno The News That Matters About Us Contact Us Partnerships Sitemap 1-800-320-7000 Search for: Home Actos Metal-on-Metal Mirena Transvaginal Mesh Xarelto Zadroga New Lawsuit Alleges PPI Heartburn Medications Caused Kidney Injuries Posted on May 31, 2017 by Lillian Chiu     PPI Lawsuit Alleges Nexium, Prilosec, Prevacid Makers Failed to Warn of Risks Lawsuits continue to be filed over proton pump inhibitors (PPIs), including Nexium, Prilosec and Prevacid. These medications, which are used to treat heartburn and acid reflux disease, work by reducing the amount of acid produced by the stomach. PPI kidney injury lawsuits began mounting after two studies linked the heartburn drugs to an increased risk of kidney disease. One lawsuit was recently filed on behalf of an Alabama woman. Parker Waichman LLP has spent decades representing clients in drug injury lawsuits. The firm continues to offer free legal consultations to individuals with questions about filing a PPI kidney damage lawsuit. According to court records, the lawsuit was filed in the Superior Court of the State of Delaware on Mar. 31, 2017. The complaint states that the plaintiff suffered from kidney injuries, allegedly due to using over-the-counter PPIs including Nexium, Prilosec and Prevacid. The suit names AstraZeneca, Procter & Gamble and Takeda Pharmaceuticals as defendants. The lawsuit alleges that the drug makers “actively concealed” the “true and significant risks” associated with using PPI medications. “Defendants concealed and continue to conceal their knowledge that PPIs can cause kidney injuries from Plaintiff, other consumers, and the medical community,” the complaint states. “Specifically, defendants have failed to adequately inform consumers and the prescribing medical community against the serious risks associated with PPIs and have completely failed to warn against the risk of CKD and ESRD.” In 2016, two studies found that use of PPIs were associated with an increased risk of chronic kidney disease. Litigation has mounted following the studies, with plaintiffs alleging that Nexium, Prilosec and Prevacid caused kidney injuries and that manufacturers failed to warn of the risks. There are roughly 100 PPI kidney injury lawsuits pending, Law360 reports. According to legal experts, that number is expected to rise; there could be as many as 5,000 lawsuits alleging that PPIs caused kidney disease. For example, the makers of Nexium and Prevacid were sued last June. The lawsuit was filed on behalf of a man in the New York Eastern District Court in Brooklyn. He began taking both Nexium and Prevacid in 2006 and developed acute kidney injury. The lawsuit alleges that taking these heartburn medications caused kidney injury and that drug makers failed to warn of the risks. According to the complaint, PPI side effects have resulted in the need for medical care and monitoring for the rest of his life. As with other PPI kidney disease claims, the plaintiff alleges that he would not have taken the drugs if he were fully informed of the risks. Another complaint was filed over Prevacid and its maker, Takeda Pharmaceuticals. The lawsuit was filed on behalf of a plaintiff who used Prevacid from May 2005 through May 2012. The plaintiff has developed renal disease, and alleges that Prevacid is to blame. He alleges that the PPI maker should have warned adequately about the risk of kidney injury associated with Prevacid. PPI Kidney Disease Background PPI makers have been facing mounting litigation following two studies linking the gastric acid suppressors to an increased risk of kidney disease. One study was published January 2016 in the journal JAMA Internal Medicine. Compared to participants who did not use the heartburn drugs, PPI users had a 20 to 50 percent increased risk of developing chronic kidney disease. The study also found that higher doses of PPI medications increased the risk of kidney injury. In patients taking PPIs once a day, the risk of kidney disease increased 15 percent compared to 46 percent for patients taking the medications twice daily. In April 2016, another study linked PPI use to an increased risk of kidney injury. Researchers found that use of medications such as Prilosec, Nexium and Prevacid was associated with a higher risk of developing chronic kidney disease. Investigators analyzed data from 170,000 new PPI users and 20,000 new users of H2 receptor blockers, another class of heartburn medication. The study, published in the American Society of Nephrology, identified a 28 percent increased risk of chronic kidney disease among PPI users. Although only a small handful of patients developed end-stage renal failure (ESRD), use of PPIs was associated with a 96 percent increased risk of ESRD. Both studies identify a correlation between PPI use and kidney disease. These findings do not say anything about causality; in other words, they do not prove that PPIs cause kidney damage. Additional research is needed to learn more about the relationship between PPIs and kidney injury. While the studies do not show causality, the findings underscore that PPIs should not be used unless they are truly necessary. PPIs have been the subject of other studies as well. The Journal of the American College of Cardiology published a study suggesting that taking PPIs and Rocephin (a type of antibiotic) may be associated with heart risks when taken together. Neither drug is associated with significant cardiovascular risks on their own. The study found that taking these drugs together may be associated with an increased risk of long QT syndrome, a condition that can cause heart rhythm irregularities and in rare cases, sudden death. Another study, conducted by researchers from the Australian National University recently found that use of PPIs may be associated with an increased risk of infectious gastroenteritis, also known as the stomach flu. Patients were 70 percent more likely to be hospitalized with infectious gastroenteritis if they were using PPIs, the study found. “The elderly and those with chronic bowel problems are most at risk. These patients should be having a conversation with their doctor to ensure that they are on right dose and that these drugs are the right fit for them,” the authors said. In 2011, consumer advocacy group Public Citizen filed a petition asking the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to place additional information about potential adverse events on PPI warning labels. The agency approved updates to the label in 2014, including language about the risks of acute interstitial nephritis, among other things. Filing a PPI Lawsuit If you or someone you know is interested in filing a personal injury lawsuit involving a PPI such as Nexium, Prevacid or Prilosec, contact Parker Waichman today. Our firm offers free, no-obligation case evaluations. For more information, fill out our online form or call 1-800-YOURLAWYER (1-800-968-7529). This entry was posted in Legal News. Bookmark the permalink. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. ← Magellan Diagnostics Recalls Lead Testing Systems That May Give Inaccurate Results FDA Cites Sweet Springs Valley Water Co. for E. Coli Contamination → Latest Headlines Products Africana Receives FDA Warning Letter for Violations FDA Cites Sweet Springs Valley Water Co. for E. Coli Contamination New Lawsuit Alleges PPI Heartburn Medications Caused Kidney Injuries Magellan Diagnostics Recalls Lead Testing Systems That May Give Inaccurate Results Pennsylvania Parents Sue School over Lead in the Drinking Water June 2017 S M T W T F S « May       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Disclaimer: Privacy Policy: Copyright © 2017 - NewsInferno.com © 2005-2017 Parker Waichman LLP ®. All Rights Reserved.
Just In 33mins Steering clear of Pakistan, China says counter-terrorism is a global responsibility 56mins Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Egypt and UAE cut diplomatic ties with Qatar as Gulf rift deepens 1hr One jawan killed in Maoist ambush near Kandhamal 2hrs Fidayeen attack foiled in Bandipora; 4 militants killed Top 10 stories of June 4, 2017 Trump believes climate is changing, says Nikki Haley NIA continues terror-fund searches in J&K CBSE asks private schools for data on fee structure to curb overcharging China copter in Indian skies? Vicky Kaushal to star opposite Alia in Meghna Gulzar’s next ‘Time to change counterterror strategy’, says British PM Theresa May, following London Bridge Attack Govt starts GST awareness drive for consumers Seven die in terror attack in London; three assailants shot dead There is political confusion in Tamil Nadu, says Rahul Gandhi UK parties suspend election campaign after terror attack Home News National International States Cities Opinion Cartoon Columns Editorial Interview Lead Readers' Editor Comment Open Page Letters Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Stock Quotes Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Athletics Motorsport Races Other Sports Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Sci-Tech Science Technology Health Agriculture Environment Gadgets Internet thREAD India will not be distracted from title defence: Laxman Share On JUST IN 33mins Steering clear of Pakistan, China says counter-terrorism is a global responsibility 56mins Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Egypt and UAE cut diplomatic ties with Qatar as Gulf rift deepens 1hr One jawan killed in Maoist ambush near Kandhamal 2hrs Fidayeen attack foiled in Bandipora; 4 militants killed Top 10 stories of June 4, 2017 Trump believes climate is changing, says Nikki Haley NIA continues terror-fund searches in J&K CBSE asks private schools for data on fee structure to curb overcharging China copter in Indian skies? Vicky Kaushal to star opposite Alia in Meghna Gulzar’s next ‘Time to change counterterror strategy’, says British PM Theresa May, following London Bridge Attack Govt starts GST awareness drive for consumers Seven die in terror attack in London; three assailants shot dead There is political confusion in Tamil Nadu, says Rahul Gandhi UK parties suspend election campaign after terror attack CLOSE Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Athletics Motorsport Races Other Sports Chennai Silks fire: The story till now Sport Cricket Cricket India will not be distracted from title defence: Laxman N.Sudarshan BENGALURU, May 31, 2017 21:24 IST Updated: May 31, 2017 21:25 IST Share Article PRINT A A A Master tutor: V.V.S. Laxman teaches keen learners during an event organised by P&G Shiksha, a project aimed at providing free and quality education for children.   N.Sudarshan BENGALURU, May 31, 2017 21:24 IST Updated: May 31, 2017 21:25 IST more-in The former player says the team is more experienced than the one that triumphed in 2013 Even as he chose not to comment on the coaching conundrum Indian cricket currently finds itself in, V.V.S. Laxman believed that the team will set aside all distractions as it embarks on its defence of the Champions Trophy title. Laxman, along with Sachin Tendulkar and Sourav Ganguly, is a member of the cricket advisory panel which appointed Anil Kumble as India coach last year and now has to repeat the process. High expectations “You are representing a billion people, there is so much responsibility and expectations,” said Laxman at an event organised by P&G Shiksha, a project aimed at providing free and quality education for children. “I believe that all the distractions will be kept aside. This is the first time Virat Kohli will be leading the side in an ICC tournament. We also need to remember that the 2019 World Cup is going to be in England. If India can do well in this Champions Trophy, then they will go to the World Cup with a lot of confidence. India definitely has a chance to win the title.” Laxman’s confidence perhaps stems from the fact that the current team appears to be an upgrade on the outfit which won the title four years ago. “Definitely more experienced,” Laxman said when asked to compare the two teams. “A lot of players from that side are still part of the core group of this team. “Take the example of Umesh Yadav — the way he has evolved since 2013... more mature, understands his bowling a lot more. He is not only looking to bowl fast — which has always been his strength — but [he is] also bowling with control.” However, Laxman cautioned that for success in the one-day format India’s bowling in the middle overs (15 to 40) must be up to the mark. “In 2013, the bowlers, especially the spinners, were picking up wickets in the middle overs. I am expecting the same [this time]. With the new ball, you can get swing it and pick up wickets. Bhuvneshwar Kumar and [Jasprit] Bumrah are two of the best death bowlers in the world. “But picking up wickets in the middle overs is very important. Once you do this, then you don’t allow a partnership to blossom.” “[Ravindra] Jadeja has evolved into a wicket-taking spinner. And Ashwin is a class bowler. So even though the conditions may not assist them, the two are skilled enough to deceive the batsmen,” said Laxman. Post a Comment More In Sport Cricket cricket Related Articles << Previous Story Innings victory for Vijay CC Next Story >> I feel ready for Champions Trophy now, says Dinesh Karthik Please Wait while comments are loading... Comments will be moderated by The Hindu editorial team. Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters, or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text. (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). We may remove hyperlinks within comments. Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Printable version | Jun 5, 2017 10:22:11 AM | http://www.thehindu.com/sport/cricket/india-will-not-be-distracted-from-title-defence-laxman/article18683433.ece © The Hindu Champions Trophy: Where Pakistan hold the edge over India A look at the three previous matches between India and Pakistan in the Champions Trophy The Hindu Net Desk Captain, coach will not always be on same page, says Gavaskar The legendary opener also feels that coach is one who should have a long term vision. PTI Top Picks in The Hindu today Visakhapatnam is sitting on a pollution bomb When cops joined hands to build houses for ailing underprivileged persons The 10 facts you need to know about ISRO’s GSLV-Mk III RTI unearths a hidden wedding Women to get combat role in Army What to expect at Apple’s 2017 developers' conference Faster, higher, smoother Google doodles Nutan’s expressions Google to pay $200,000 in hunt for Android bugs Four jawans scale Everest without oxygen support Close X Next Story >> I feel ready for Champions Trophy now, says Dinesh Karthik CLOSE THIS MENU TRENDING TODAY Chennai Hyderabad Bengaluru Videos Entertainment Today's Paper ePaper News National International Elections Goa 2017 Uttar Pradesh 2017 Uttarakhand 2017 Punjab 2017 Manipur 2017 Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget States Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other States Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Opinion Editorial Lead Comment Columns Interview Cartoon Open Page Readers' Editor Letters Sport Athletics Cricket Football Hockey Motorsport Other Sports Races Tennis Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Children Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Technology Gadgets Internet Sci-Tech Agriculture Environment Health Education Careers Colleges Schools Multimedia Photos Videos Podcast Data Specials Crossword Resources Tags thREAD Archive Classifieds eBooks Subscribe Social About Us CONNECT WITH US CLOSE THIS MENU Home News Opinion Business Sport Entertainment Life & Style Society Books Sci-Tech thREAD THE SITE About Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contacts Archive Subscribe GROUP SITES The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre RoofandFloor STEP Publications eBooks Images Classifieds Send your feedback to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.inCopyright© 2017, The Hindu
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi North America Personal Care Electrical Appliances Market Report 2017: Analysis & Forecasts 2016-2022 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 31 May, 2017, 11:00 ET Share this article DUBLIN, May 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "North America Personal Care Electrical Appliances Market (2016-2022)" report to their offering. The North America market for personal care electrical appliances is expected to grow at a CAGR of 5.6% The forecast suggests that the sales of the products would remain steady and trend would be positive throughout the forecast period. The North America market has been segmented into hair care appliances, hair removal appliances, oral care appliances and other appliances (massagers and heating pads). Hair care appliances segment is a sizable market and would witness tremendous growth during the forecast period. The demand would remain positive due to the need for curling irons and other styling products and also growing need for style among the new generation. Hair removal appliances is also expected to witness a faster growth, especially due to growing demand for electric shavers and a shift from manual shavers to electrical shavers and trimmers. The report highlights the adoption of Personal Care Electrical Appliances in North America. Based on the Product, the North America Personal Care Electrical Appliances Market is segmented into Hair Care Appliances, Hair Removal Appliances, Oral Care Appliances and Others segment. Based on the Type, the Hair Care Appliances market is bifurcated into Hair Dryers, Hair Straighteners and Hair Stylers segment; the Hair Removal Appliances Market is segmented into Epilators, Shavers, Clippers and Trimmer segments; the Oral Care Appliances Market is segmented into Powered Toothbrush and Other oral care segments. Based on the gender, the Personal Care Electrical Appliances market is segmented into Male and Female segments. The countries included in the report are U.S, Canada, Mexico and Rest of North America. Key companies profiled in the report includes Remington Products, Conair Corporation, Groupe Seb, Colgate-Palmolive, The Procter & Gamble Company (P&G), Koninklijke Philips N.V., Panasonic Corporation, Helen Of Troy L.P., Homedics Inc. and Lion Corporation. Key Topics Covered: 1. Market Scope & Methodology 2. Market Overview 3. North America Personal Care & Electrical Appliances Market - By Product 4. North America Personal Care and Electrical Appliances Market - By Gender 5. Country Level Analysis 6. Company Profiles - Remington Products - Conair Corporation - Groupe Seb - Colgate-Palmolive - The Procter & Gamble Company (P&G) - Koninklijke Philips N.V. - Panasonic Corporation - Helen Of Troy L.P. - Homedics Inc. - Lion Corporation For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/6f9q55/north_america Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/north-america-personal-care-electrical-appliances-market-report-2017-analysis--forecasts-2016-2022---research-and-markets-300465266.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 31 May, 2017, 11:10 ET Preview: Asia Pacific Beer Market 2017-2022 - Research and Markets 31 May, 2017, 10:50 ET Preview: Global Automated Truck Loading System Market 2017-2021 - Key Vendors are Actiw, HAVER & BOECKER, Joloda International, Secon Components & The Heico Companies - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 02 Jun, 2017, 19:20 ET Global Influenza Drugs and Vaccines Market 2016-2021:By Drugs... 02 Jun, 2017, 19:20 ET India Video Surveillance as a Service Market,-2023: Market is... Explore More news releases in similar topics Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: North America Personal Care Electrical Appliances Market Report 2017: Analysis & Forecasts 2016-2022 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 31 May, 2017, 11:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women North America Personal Care Electrical Appliances Market Report 2017: Analysis & Forecasts 2016-2022 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 31 May, 2017, 16:00 BST Share this article DUBLIN, May 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "North America Personal Care Electrical Appliances Market (2016-2022)" report to their offering. The North America market for personal care electrical appliances is expected to grow at a CAGR of 5.6% The forecast suggests that the sales of the products would remain steady and trend would be positive throughout the forecast period. The North America market has been segmented into hair care appliances, hair removal appliances, oral care appliances and other appliances (massagers and heating pads). Hair care appliances segment is a sizable market and would witness tremendous growth during the forecast period. The demand would remain positive due to the need for curling irons and other styling products and also growing need for style among the new generation. Hair removal appliances is also expected to witness a faster growth, especially due to growing demand for electric shavers and a shift from manual shavers to electrical shavers and trimmers. The report highlights the adoption of Personal Care Electrical Appliances in North America. Based on the Product, the North America Personal Care Electrical Appliances Market is segmented into Hair Care Appliances, Hair Removal Appliances, Oral Care Appliances and Others segment. Based on the Type, the Hair Care Appliances market is bifurcated into Hair Dryers, Hair Straighteners and Hair Stylers segment; the Hair Removal Appliances Market is segmented into Epilators, Shavers, Clippers and Trimmer segments; the Oral Care Appliances Market is segmented into Powered Toothbrush and Other oral care segments. Based on the gender, the Personal Care Electrical Appliances market is segmented into Male and Female segments. The countries included in the report are U.S, Canada, Mexico and Rest of North America. Key companies profiled in the report includes Remington Products, Conair Corporation, Groupe Seb, Colgate-Palmolive, The Procter & Gamble Company (P&G), Koninklijke Philips N.V., Panasonic Corporation, Helen Of Troy L.P., Homedics Inc. and Lion Corporation. Key Topics Covered: 1. Market Scope & Methodology 2. Market Overview 3. North America Personal Care & Electrical Appliances Market - By Product 4. North America Personal Care and Electrical Appliances Market - By Gender 5. Country Level Analysis 6. Company Profiles - Remington Products - Conair Corporation - Groupe Seb - Colgate-Palmolive - The Procter & Gamble Company (P&G) - Koninklijke Philips N.V. - Panasonic Corporation - Helen Of Troy L.P. - Homedics Inc. - Lion Corporation For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/6f9q55/north_america Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716   SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 31 May, 2017, 16:10 BST Preview: Asia Pacific Beer Market 2017-2022 - Research and Markets 31 May, 2017, 15:50 BST Preview: Global Automated Truck Loading System Market 2017-2021 - Key Vendors are Actiw, HAVER & BOECKER, Joloda International, Secon Components & The Heico Companies - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 03 Jun, 2017, 00:30 BSTGlobal Influenza Drugs and Vaccines Market 2016-2021:By Drugs... 03 Jun, 2017, 00:20 BSTIndia Video Surveillance as a Service Market,-2023: Market is... Explore More news releases in similar topics Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: North America Personal Care Electrical Appliances Market Report 2017: Analysis & Forecasts 2016-2022 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 31 May, 2017, 16:00 BST Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Pei Wei Names New CMO SCOTTSDALE, Ariz., May 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Pei Wei, the leader in delivering a handcrafted, Pan-Asian culinary experience, has named Brandon Solano chief marketing officer after an extensive national search. Solano, an award-winning marketing and brand development executive, has vast experience within the restaurant industry. He most recently served as CMO for Papa Murphy’s Pizza, and held senior leadership positions with Wendy’s and Domino’s Pizza. Pan-Asian fast casual leader taps award-winning marketing exec Brandon Solano „I know firsthand Brandon’s creativity, passion and ability to drive results through marketing strategies and brand development,” said Pei Wei CEO J. Hedrick. „Brandon will be a key asset to the Pei Wei leadership team as we continue to build and deliver on our brand promise.” „I joined Pei Wei because I believe in the vision and leadership of the executive team who is fiercely committed to winning and puts people first,” said Solano. „As a foodie, I love the brand and appreciate the unique space that Pei Wei occupies in the fast casual industry, particularly when it comes to Pei Wei’s dedication to quality food and handcrafted care.”  In addition to his restaurant leadership experience, Solano experience marketing top brands including Hershey’s, Kellogg’s and Proctor & Gamble. He holds a bachelor’s degree in public relations from Grand Valley State University and an MBA from the University of Notre Dame.  ABOUT PEI WEI Founded in 2000, Scottsdale, Arizona-based Pei Wei is a Pan-Asian, fast casual restaurant that offers guests a way to eat well, be well and live well. Pei Wei prepares each dish to order using freshly chopped ingredients, purposely chosen for nutrition as well as flavor, and in the tradition of ancient Asian cooking methods. Menu offerings include lettuce wraps, salads, sushi, quinoa bowls and Wok Classics that can be easily customized for any palate or diet, including gluten-free and vegetarian. Pei Wei owns and operates more than 200 restaurants in 21 states. For more information, visit www.peiwei.com, and the latest Pei Wei news is also on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Media Contacts: Katie McKenzie or Loren Rutledge Katie@spmcommunications.com  Loren@spmcommunications.com  817-329-3257 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pei-wei-names-new-cmo-300465890.html SOURCE Pei Wei Related Links http://www.peiwei.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Royal Dutch Shell plc: Voting Rights and Capital Next PostNext Global Peptide Therapeutics Market and Clinical Trials Insights, 2022 – Insight on 688 Peptide Drugs in Clinical Trials and Clinical and Patent Insight on 119 Marketed Peptides – Research and Markets Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Pei Wei Names New CMO SCOTTSDALE, Ariz., May 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Pei Wei, the leader in delivering a handcrafted, Pan-Asian culinary experience, has named Brandon Solano chief marketing officer after an extensive national search. Solano, an award-winning marketing and brand development executive, has vast experience within the restaurant industry. He most recently served as CMO for Papa Murphy’s Pizza, and held senior leadership positions with Wendy’s and Domino’s Pizza. Pan-Asian fast casual leader taps award-winning marketing exec Brandon Solano „I know firsthand Brandon’s creativity, passion and ability to drive results through marketing strategies and brand development,” said Pei Wei CEO J. Hedrick. „Brandon will be a key asset to the Pei Wei leadership team as we continue to build and deliver on our brand promise.” „I joined Pei Wei because I believe in the vision and leadership of the executive team who is fiercely committed to winning and puts people first,” said Solano. „As a foodie, I love the brand and appreciate the unique space that Pei Wei occupies in the fast casual industry, particularly when it comes to Pei Wei’s dedication to quality food and handcrafted care.”  In addition to his restaurant leadership experience, Solano experience marketing top brands including Hershey’s, Kellogg’s and Proctor & Gamble. He holds a bachelor’s degree in public relations from Grand Valley State University and an MBA from the University of Notre Dame.  ABOUT PEI WEI Founded in 2000, Scottsdale, Arizona-based Pei Wei is a Pan-Asian, fast casual restaurant that offers guests a way to eat well, be well and live well. Pei Wei prepares each dish to order using freshly chopped ingredients, purposely chosen for nutrition as well as flavor, and in the tradition of ancient Asian cooking methods. Menu offerings include lettuce wraps, salads, sushi, quinoa bowls and Wok Classics that can be easily customized for any palate or diet, including gluten-free and vegetarian. Pei Wei owns and operates more than 200 restaurants in 21 states. For more information, visit www.peiwei.com, and the latest Pei Wei news is also on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Media Contacts: Katie McKenzie or Loren Rutledge Katie@spmcommunications.com  Loren@spmcommunications.com  817-329-3257 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pei-wei-names-new-cmo-300465890.html SOURCE Pei Wei Related Links http://www.peiwei.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Royal Dutch Shell plc: Voting Rights and Capital Next PostNext Global Peptide Therapeutics Market and Clinical Trials Insights, 2022 – Insight on 688 Peptide Drugs in Clinical Trials and Clinical and Patent Insight on 119 Marketed Peptides – Research and Markets Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Pei Wei Names New CMO SCOTTSDALE, Ariz., May 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Pei Wei, the leader in delivering a handcrafted, Pan-Asian culinary experience, has named Brandon Solano chief marketing officer after an extensive national search. Solano, an award-winning marketing and brand development executive, has vast experience within the restaurant industry. He most recently served as CMO for Papa Murphy’s Pizza, and held senior leadership positions with Wendy’s and Domino’s Pizza. Pan-Asian fast casual leader taps award-winning marketing exec Brandon Solano „I know firsthand Brandon’s creativity, passion and ability to drive results through marketing strategies and brand development,” said Pei Wei CEO J. Hedrick. „Brandon will be a key asset to the Pei Wei leadership team as we continue to build and deliver on our brand promise.” „I joined Pei Wei because I believe in the vision and leadership of the executive team who is fiercely committed to winning and puts people first,” said Solano. „As a foodie, I love the brand and appreciate the unique space that Pei Wei occupies in the fast casual industry, particularly when it comes to Pei Wei’s dedication to quality food and handcrafted care.”  In addition to his restaurant leadership experience, Solano experience marketing top brands including Hershey’s, Kellogg’s and Proctor & Gamble. He holds a bachelor’s degree in public relations from Grand Valley State University and an MBA from the University of Notre Dame.  ABOUT PEI WEI Founded in 2000, Scottsdale, Arizona-based Pei Wei is a Pan-Asian, fast casual restaurant that offers guests a way to eat well, be well and live well. Pei Wei prepares each dish to order using freshly chopped ingredients, purposely chosen for nutrition as well as flavor, and in the tradition of ancient Asian cooking methods. Menu offerings include lettuce wraps, salads, sushi, quinoa bowls and Wok Classics that can be easily customized for any palate or diet, including gluten-free and vegetarian. Pei Wei owns and operates more than 200 restaurants in 21 states. For more information, visit www.peiwei.com, and the latest Pei Wei news is also on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Media Contacts: Katie McKenzie or Loren Rutledge Katie@spmcommunications.com  Loren@spmcommunications.com  817-329-3257 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pei-wei-names-new-cmo-300465890.html SOURCE Pei Wei Related Links http://www.peiwei.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Royal Dutch Shell plc: Voting Rights and Capital Next PostNext Global Peptide Therapeutics Market and Clinical Trials Insights, 2022 – Insight on 688 Peptide Drugs in Clinical Trials and Clinical and Patent Insight on 119 Marketed Peptides – Research and Markets Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Pei Wei Names New CMO SCOTTSDALE, Ariz., May 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Pei Wei, the leader in delivering a handcrafted, Pan-Asian culinary experience, has named Brandon Solano chief marketing officer after an extensive national search. Solano, an award-winning marketing and brand development executive, has vast experience within the restaurant industry. He most recently served as CMO for Papa Murphy’s Pizza, and held senior leadership positions with Wendy’s and Domino’s Pizza. Pan-Asian fast casual leader taps award-winning marketing exec Brandon Solano „I know firsthand Brandon’s creativity, passion and ability to drive results through marketing strategies and brand development,” said Pei Wei CEO J. Hedrick. „Brandon will be a key asset to the Pei Wei leadership team as we continue to build and deliver on our brand promise.” „I joined Pei Wei because I believe in the vision and leadership of the executive team who is fiercely committed to winning and puts people first,” said Solano. „As a foodie, I love the brand and appreciate the unique space that Pei Wei occupies in the fast casual industry, particularly when it comes to Pei Wei’s dedication to quality food and handcrafted care.”  In addition to his restaurant leadership experience, Solano experience marketing top brands including Hershey’s, Kellogg’s and Proctor & Gamble. He holds a bachelor’s degree in public relations from Grand Valley State University and an MBA from the University of Notre Dame.  ABOUT PEI WEI Founded in 2000, Scottsdale, Arizona-based Pei Wei is a Pan-Asian, fast casual restaurant that offers guests a way to eat well, be well and live well. Pei Wei prepares each dish to order using freshly chopped ingredients, purposely chosen for nutrition as well as flavor, and in the tradition of ancient Asian cooking methods. Menu offerings include lettuce wraps, salads, sushi, quinoa bowls and Wok Classics that can be easily customized for any palate or diet, including gluten-free and vegetarian. Pei Wei owns and operates more than 200 restaurants in 21 states. For more information, visit www.peiwei.com, and the latest Pei Wei news is also on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Media Contacts: Katie McKenzie or Loren Rutledge Katie@spmcommunications.com  Loren@spmcommunications.com  817-329-3257 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pei-wei-names-new-cmo-300465890.html SOURCE Pei Wei Related Links http://www.peiwei.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Royal Dutch Shell plc: Voting Rights and Capital Next PostNext Global Peptide Therapeutics Market and Clinical Trials Insights, 2022 – Insight on 688 Peptide Drugs in Clinical Trials and Clinical and Patent Insight on 119 Marketed Peptides – Research and Markets Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Place an advert Buy a photo Plus Rewards Puzzles Like us Follow us Login Register  ° Site Search Phrase News Sport What's On Pics Jobs Property Motors Directory Notices Buy&Sell Dating ALL Property News Interiors Area Guides Amazing transformation of run down home in Brereton Avenue, Cleethorpes By Elsa Williamson  |  Posted: May 31, 2017 By Elsa Williamson   3 COMMENTS   SHARES 169 Brereton Avenue, Cleethorpes before the amazing overhaul by Paul Ablett and son William Amazing transformation of run down home in Brereton Avenue, Cleethorpes X Share Tweet Share Pin It Email Copy link to paste in your message / 169 Brereton Avenue, Cleethorpes before the amazing overhaul by Paul Ablett and son William Check out this lavish £750k home near Brigg which has... 1 Today's top home: An exceptionally spacious detached... 1 Superb two bedroom Semi-Detached Home in Fallowfield... 1 Comments (3) This is the amazing Homes Under The Hammer style transformation carried out on a Cleethorpes home by a father and son. Back in August last year we featured a HOT OR NOT property for sale on Brereton Avenue Cleethorpes. Although the property was full of original features including fireplaces, sash windows and skirting boards if you wished to look round the property it came with a warning to exercise caution as you entered at your own risk! Potential viewers were warned that the floors were rotten in places and the bathroom gave out an unpleasant odour. Property Search For Sale For Sale To Rent Commercial Find an Agent GO Read more: The Victorian home in Grimsby with its own BALL PIT At the time is was up for sale at a modern action for £40,000 and Paul Ablett of P&G Properties bought it, and worked their magic. We caught up with Paul and his son William as they were putting the finishing touches to this very spacious, completely refurbished three bed bedroomed terraced Cleethorpes home. And eight-months down the line you wouldn't recognise the place. After a lot of hard graft from Paul and his team alongside specialist tradesmen, this spacious terraced property is looking it's best and ready for viewers. A proud Paul said: "This is what we do, it's what we're good at. "We buy properties that perhaps have gone too far for people to improve. We refurbish them back to a modern and saleable home," he added. And with 40 years experience in the trade, Paul knows a thing or two about renovating properties, from little flats to an historic Grade II Country Hall in Sheffield. That was until he bought this property on Brereton Avenue! Paul smiled and recalled: “I remember walking in the property and thought, what have I done! “To start with I had to spend £30 on Jeyes Fluid to help get rid of the terrible odours and germs that might be lurking before we could start working on the building. “The downstairs floors were in a terrible state and very dangerous. We had to replace all of the downstairs floorboards and joists. “I don't think I have ever worked on a property so badly far gone before," he added. Read more: Travellers don;t want to live in Grimsby - they tell us where they'd rather be Of course business-wise common sense dictates how much you spend on a property. Paul said: “There is only so far you can go, depending on it's location, when you weight up the purchase price and the cost of refurbishments etc. “Everyone is on a budget and depending on the type of property and location, you have to know how far you can go, before you price yourself out of the market," Paul added. And walking into number 169, the transformation is stunning. From new double glazed windows, new floors, new carpets, new windows, new ceilings, new plaster, new central heating system, newly rewired, kitchen, new utility room, solid interior doors, new bathroom, low maintenance front and rear gardens Paul and his team have transformed a rundown and neglected property into a spacious three double bedroomed family home overlooking a park. And Paul has certainly worked his magic and is very proud, with not only on the now odourless brand new bathroom but also the kitchen turning it into a kitchen/diner, retaining the bay window making for a spacious living space. With built-in appliances, this room will surely be the heart of this family home. With two further reception rooms there is space for a growing family. Paul's son William, also helped his father on the project as he is interested in following his father's footsteps and did quite a lot of painting and decorating in between attending university. “He enjoyed the project and now Jackson, Green and Preston's have offered him a taster week to learn all about the estate agency and property trade," said Paul. Paul bought the property last year through a 'modern auction' a new process for buying property which some house buyers and developers are not happy with. “This 'modern' way of buying houses through auction is not right," said Paul. “The only advantage to buying this 'modern' way is that you have longer to complete the transaction. “But maybe people don't realise that you have to pay the auctioneers £5,000 plus VAT (total £6,000) up front just to be able to purchase a property." Read more: Tumble driers recalled over risk of fire “This hikes up the price of housing all round, and in a way its a rip off. “If I go to Allsops down in London they do the traditional way of auctions where you pay just £750 up front. “How can people get on the property ladder this way, young people find it hard enough as it is these days without them having to find an extra £6,000 on top of their purchase price. “It's often adding five-per-cent onto the average price of property to start with and really it's a shoddy practice," he added. But shoddy, 169 Brereton Avenue is not, in fact it's hot and will be for sale with Jackson Green and Preston Estate Agents.More of today's Grimsby news Follow us on Facebook and Twitter Report this article Read more from Grimsby Telegraph Most Recent Most Commented Check out this lavish £750k home near Brigg which has some... Today's top home: An exceptionally spacious detached five... Superb two bedroom Semi-Detached Home in Fallowfield Road,... Amazing transformation of run down home in Brereton Avenue,... Three sheltered homes schemes in Grimsby area to close this year Do you have something to say? Leave your comment here... max 4000 characters 3 comments Newest Oldest Best Rated xochitl  |  May 31 2017, 7:21PM Just like putting lipstick on a pig. |   -8 Report Paradox  |  May 31 2017, 10:34AM "wont believe"? I actually knew what it would look like before looking at the pictures, its basically the same as every "lets buy a cheap home and 'do it up' show on Tv". Probably purchased for £8-10,000 then let for £350-400 per month. Yey! |   -363 Report Kloii  |  May 31 2017, 8:58AM They really should have consulted someone with some interior design taste...it needs a lot of work. |   12 Report YOUR COMMENTS AWAITING MODERATION Mortgage Calculator Total borrowed Term (Years) 40 39 38 37 36 35 34 33 32 31 30 29 28 27 26 25 24 23 22 21 20 19 18 17 16 15 14 13 12 11 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 Interest Rate % Mortgage Type Repayment Interest Only Calculate Monthly repayments of: Total + Interest: Still to pay after term: Change amount For professional FEE-FREE mortgage advice speak to London & Country 0800 953 0591 Visit Website OR Request a callback Name Phone Email Get our money saving newsletter? Book call Privacy policy Send me jobs by email Hot Jobs Teacher Salary : £22,467 - £30,431 Transport Planner/Co-Ordinator Salary : Salary Negotiable Property Manager Salary : Good Rates of Pay Apprentice Chef Salary : £15,300 Chief Executive Salary : £40,000 - £45,000 Support Worker Salary : Good Rates of Pay Graduate Resident Assistants Salary : TBC District Operative Salary : Good rates of pay Nursery Manager Salary : £25,000 - £30,000 Registered Nurses Salary : Undisclosed GARDENER & GENERAL MAINTENANCE HAND Salary : Good Rates of Pay Semi Senior/Senior Accountant Salary : Undisclosed PROJECT MANAGER Salary : Good Rates of Pay Tutor Salary : £21,605 Experienced Administrator Salary : Circa £25,000 Personal Assistant Salary : £9.50 - £11.50 Experienced Landscaper/Groundworker Salary : Competitive FENCE ERECTOR Salary : BASIC PLUS BONUS Finance Manager Salary : £10,380-£12,061 (Point 29-34) Recruitment Consultant – Boston Salary : Competitive basic plus commission  Show your pictures Upload your pictures and share with the community! × Report Abuse Name * Email * What is the primary reason you are reporting this message as abusive? General Abuse Profanity Explicit Content Impersonation Harassment Libel Racial Abuse Religious Abuse Spam Private Information Additional Comments? Cancel Report Abuse Related Links News Cleethorpes Business Crime Politics Entertainment Education Jobs news Health Transport Have Your Say Polls Sport Grimsby Town Cleethorpes Town FC Football Rugby Cricket Other Sport Picture galleries Our site Video Jobs Dating Letters How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Promotions Buy and Sell Notices Buy a Photo Cars Property Classifieds Places Shopping Estate Agents Restaurants Health and Beauty Hotels and Travel Attractions Pubs and Bars Hairdressers Sport and Leisure Services Tradesmen Business Services Motoring Builders and Construction Gardening Education Plumbers Legal Services Taxis & Vehicle Hire Copyright © 2017 Local World. All Rights Reserved. Contact Us Privacy & Cookies Terms & Conditions House Rules
× Subscribe News Features Events CanPlastics TV Resin Prices Buyers Guide Plastiques et Moules Contacts Advertise Topics Automotive Canadian Plastics Construction Economy Environment Materials Moldmaking Packaging Plastics Processes Research & Development Suppliers/People Sustainability Digital Edition View Digital Edition Browse Print Archives Subscribe News Procter & Gamble to shutter Brockville, Ont. plant Nearly 500 employees to be laid off as company moves production to West Virginia. Topics Canadian Plastics Companies Procter & Gamble More News Print this page Tweet May 30, 2017 by Canadian Plastics U.S.-based consumer goods maker and blow molder Procter & Gamble is closing its Brockville, Ont. plant. The Brockville plant – which employs 480 workers – will be permanently closed in late 2020 or early 2021. P&G has operated in Brockville for nearly 40 years. The plant will continue operating normally until early 2020 when P&G will finish shifting production to a new manufacturing plant currently under construction outside Martinsburg, W.V. The Brockville plant – which manufactures Swiffer dusters, fabric softeners and Tide-to-go detergent pens – is one of the company’s four locations in Ontario, including its Canadian head office in Toronto. It will continue operating its manufacturing plant in Belleville as well as its distribution centre in Brantford, Ont. “While this was a difficult decision for the company, the overall redesign efforts will help P&G transform the way it goes to market and revolutionize the way it sources, manufactures and produces across North America,” the company said in a statement. Print this page Tweet Related Procter & Gamble acquires Gillette A. Schulman to shutter Ohio concentrates and additives plant Spartech to shutter Cornwall, Ont., sheet plant ORBIS picks Toronto injection molding plant for annual award Have your say: Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * E-mail * Website Resin Prices Information courtesy www.theplasticsexchange.com. Prices are in US funds and are updated throughout the day. Investor Third Point suggests dividing DowDuPont into six companies Arburg wins Industry 4.0 award for smart luggage tags Services Buyers Guide Update Buyers’ Guide Listing Subscribe Contacts Advertise Magazines View Digital Edition Browse Print Archives View Digital Edition Trending Procter & Gamble to shutter Brockville, Ont. plant Investor Third Point suggests dividing DowDuPont into six companies Covestro names Markus Steilemann as next CEO Arburg wins Industry 4.0 award for smart luggage tags VECTOR INJECTION is worth the drive to Acton Canadian vehicle sales set a record for the month of May: StatsCan Plastics Related Training in Canada Manufacturing Network Sitemap Privacy Policy Copyright Notice © Copyright 2017 Annex Business Media × Close REDWIRE Powered by FRASERS REDWIRE is News you can use from Leading Suppliers. Why? Suppliers realize that B2B Buyer behavior has changed and so must they. Fact is buyers are doing a lot more upfront online research as part of their buying process today. Leading Suppliers want to support this buying process with useful facts, insights and newsworthy content – goes well beyond your typical press release or web site content. Suppliers realize that the content cannot just be “self serving” in nature because the content will not engage and be useful to prospective buyers. Post your own REDWIRE News Okay
Temas Palabra de Montero Aeropuerto de Chinchero Atentado en Manchester Contraloría Copa Libertadores Ollanta Humala Odebrecht Alejandra Aramayo La Contra La Republica La Republica POLÍTICA ECONOMÍA SOCIEDAD MUNDO DEPORTES ESPECTÁCULOS Tendencias Ed. Impresa Investigación ojo Más Noticias Política Economía Sociedad Mundo Cultural Educación Deportes Tecnología Salud Marketing Autos Empresa Turismo Ed. Impresa Destacados Buenazo Perú Sorprendente La Contra Carlincaturas Infografías Fotogalerías Gaceta Judicial Columnistas Investigación Reportero Ciudadano Video Ground Tendencias Espectáculos Tendencias Sexualidad Horóscopo Club Karaoke Fútbol peruano WWE y lucha libre Champions L. Dota 2 Ciudades Ancash Arequipa Cusco La Libertad Lambayeque Moquegua Piura Puno Tacna Arequipa: joven se suicida por decepción amorosa y deja indicaciones para escuchar audios Emily Ratajkowski se deja tocar el trasero en atrevido video de Instagram YouTube: hijo de Cristiano Ronaldo se robó el show en el festejo de la 'Duodécima' [VIDEO] El Wasap de JB: Zorro Zupe recibe latigazos en sketch protagonizado por ‘Jacinta’ y ronderos [VIDEO] Ministro Thorne acusa a contralor Alarcón de haberlo chuponeado [VIDEO] Facebook: El comentario de Rodrigo Gonzáles que Christian Domínguez no querrá leer [FOTO] El Wasap de JB: Imitador de Luis Miguel insultó y 'golpeó' a Ricardo Morán en 'Yo sí soy' [VIDEO] Áncash Arequipa Cusco La Libertad Lambayeque Moquegua Piura Puno Tacna MENU LAREPUBLICA.PE Compartir Twittear LAREPUBLICA.PE Marketing/ P&G y Yellow vienen trabajando una sólida relación desde hace 15 años 30 Mayo 2017 | 17:34 h Foto: Yellow. . . Redacción: Redacción LR Yellow y Procter inicial relación en el campo de BTL desde el 2002, con 15 años de trabajo ininterrumpido. La historia está llena de éxitos. En el 2009 Yellow lanzó junto a Procter, Downy libre enjuague de Ariel, por la cual lograron ganar el Gran Effie del 2009.  Otro trabajo resaltante que realizó la agencia fue la campaña “Pampers, sueños y juegos”, que también ganó el Effie de Oro en su categoría en el 2011.  “La relación entre Procter y Yellow durante estos años es muy profesional, siempre estamos en constante comunicación y retándonos con cada nueva iniciativa” comenta Enzo Montalbetti, CEO de Yellow One Step Ahead P&G trabbaja con varias redes transnacionales dependiendo de sus productos: Grey, Saatchu&Saatchi, BBDO, entre otros. Muchos de los comerciales de TV pauteados en Perú vienen también de las oficinas regionales de estas agencias. Para las iniciativas locales en Perú P&G trabaja con cuatro agencias, una de ellas es Yellow. Durante el 2015 y 2016,  Yellow desarrolló  “ACE Palabras”, siento esta una de las campañas que estuvo más tiempo al aire en la historia reciente de P&G. “En el caso de la campaña más reciente, ACE palabras, el proceso creativo se vivió desde nuestros propios hogares, al ver la frustración de nuestras parejas, cuando no cumplimos nuestras promesas”, menciona Montalbetti. Te puede interesar Campañas Escolares Publicitarias 2017 Matricúlate en el curso de Diseño de Experiencia del Usuario que presenta Toulouse Lautrec ¿Sabes cuáles son los ciclos de vida de una marca? Alicorp vence en ventas a los detergentes de P&G ¿Hay racismo en la publicidad de Saga Falabella? Síguenos en Facebook Diario La República TAMBIÉN PUEDES VER Campañas Escolares Publicitarias 2017 Matricúlate en el curso de Diseño de Experiencia del Usuario que presenta Toulouse Lautrec ¿Sabes cuáles son los ciclos de vida de una marca? ¿Cuál es la definición exacta de retail y por qué es importante? Alicorp vence en ventas a los detergentes de P&G ¿Hay racismo en la publicidad de Saga Falabella? TAMBIÉN PUEDES VER Campañas Escolares Publicitarias 2017 Matricúlate en el curso de Diseño de Experiencia del Usuario que presenta Toulouse Lautrec ¿Sabes cuáles son los ciclos de vida de una marca? ¿Cuál es la definición exacta de retail y por qué es importante? Alicorp vence en ventas a los detergentes de P&G ¿Hay racismo en la publicidad de Saga Falabella? CUPONIDAD 81% dscto. Ricardo Gozzing: mechas balayage o iluminación + hidratación + cepillado y más Ricardo Gozzing Mejor precio: s/ 79.90 Antes s/.420.00 VER OFERTA 56% dscto. Cineplanet: Descuento en 2 entradas 2D + combo. Válido para Lima y Provincias Cineplanet Mejor precio: s/ 32.90 Antes s/.75.00 VER OFERTA 50% dscto. Precioso bonsai mamá e hijo en una maceta 3 modelos a elegir Boutique del Bonsai Mejor precio: s/ 26.00 Antes s/.50.00 VER OFERTA 52% dscto. Comixs en promoción: Plato de fondo a elección + bebida para uno, dos o cuatro personas Comixs Food & Drinks Mejor precio: s/ 24.99 Antes s/.52.00 VER OFERTA 65% dscto. Noche romántica en habitación suite con Jacuzzi, decoración y más. Crhistell Hotel Mejor precio: s/ 99.00 Antes s/.280.00 VER OFERTA 45% dscto. San Miguel: Mantenimiento para autos o camionetas + recojo del vehículo a domicilio SAM Taller Automotriz Mejor precio: s/ 156.00 Antes s/.280.00 VER OFERTA Club Karaoke:Tal vez, canción de José Escajadillo Perú Sorprendente:El enigma del geoglifo más grande del Perú Deportes:El gesto de James a Zidane tras la final de la Champions Torneo Apertura:La desleal patada de Luis Tejada a Gonzalo Godoy ¡Hoy se regalarán donas por el “Día mundial del Donut”! Melgar planea renovarle a Juan Reynoso para las próximas temporadas Las 15 cumbiamberas peruanas con voces más potentes [VIDEOS] Test: Solo los que tienen gran agudeza visual podrán encontrar los errores en estas 5 imágenes TENDENCIAS Dragon Ball Super: existe un mortal más poderoso que un dios de la destrucción [VIDEO] Lanzan nuevo juego de cartas de Dragon Ball Súper [VIDEO] Emily Ratajkowski se deja tocar el trasero en atrevido video de Instagram El Wasap de JB: Zorro Zupe recibe latigazos en sketch protagonizado por ‘Jacinta’ y ronderos [VIDEO] Integrante del grupo de K-pop ‘Big Bang’ podría ir a la cárcel por fumar marihuana [FOTO] CARLINCATURA El enigma del geoglifo más grande del Perú [VIDEO] Casonas de Lima: Manzana de la concordia [Video] Museos de Lima: El Museo de los Minerales [Video] El Museo de los Minerales [Video] Arte tiahuanaco, inca y virreinal en Barranco [Video] Grupo La República Contáctenos Términos de uso ©Todos los derechos reservados - 2017 Contáctenos Términos de uso ©Todos los derechos reservados - 2017 Tía María Gerald Oropeza Ollanta Humala DINI Congreso del Perú APRA Susana Villarán Alan García Champions League YouTube Facebook Instagram Ligas internacionales Fútbol inglés Espectáculos Esto es guerra Fútbol peruano Videojuegos Seguridad Ciudadana Liga BBVA Gerald Oropeza Rodolfo Orellana FC Barcelona Real Madrid Champions League Alianza Lima Universitario de Deportes AC Milán Alianza Atlético Buenazo
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by mangesh kanase Expected Growth In Razor Blades Market from 2017-2022 to Guide : Trends, Analysis by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application The report Razor Bladees Market Research highlights key dynamics of Global Razor Bladees Industry sector. The potential of the Razor Bladees Market has been investigated along with the key challenges. The current Razor Bladees Market scenario and future prospects of the sector has also been studied. Razor Bladees Market Report provides additional information like Sales Channel, Distributors, Traders and Dealers, Sales Channel, Direct Marketing, Indirect Marketing, Marketing Channel Future Trend, Distributors, Traders and Dealers Describe Razor Bladees Market sales channel, distributors, traders, dealers, appendix and data source. Short Detail About Razor Bladees Market Report: A razor blade is a blade used in a razor, typically a flat piece of metal with a sharp edge or edges used in a safety razor which is used to remove unwanted hair from the face or body. Get Sample PDF of Razor Bladees Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10656852 Razor Bladees Market Top Manufacturers : Gillette(P&G), Edgewell Personal Care, BIC, Laser Razor Blades, Lord, DORCO, Supermax, Harry’s (Feintechnik) Razor Bladees Market Regional Analysis : North America (USA, Canada and Mexico), Europe (Germany, France, UK, Russia and Italy), Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India and Southeast Asia), South America (Brazil, Argentina, Columbia etc.), Middle East and Africa (Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt, Nigeria and South Africa) Razor Bladees Market Segment by Type : Double Edge Razor Blades, Single Edge Razor Blades Razor Bladees Market Segment by Applications : Men’s razors, Women’s razor Scope of the Razor Bladees Market Report: This report focuses on the Razor Bladees in Global market, especially in North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa. This report categorizes the market based on manufacturers, regions, type and application. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Razor Bladees Market Research Report @  http://360marketupdates.com/10656852 Describe Razor Bladees Market Introduction, product scope, market overview, market opportunities, market risk, market driving force. Analyse the top manufacturers of Razor Bladees Industry, with sales, revenue, and price. Razor Bladees market analysis report speaks about the manufacturing process. The process is analysed thoroughly with respect four points Manufacturers, regional analysis, Type and Applications and the actual process of whole Razor Bladees market. To show the Razor Bladees market by type and application, with sales market share and growth rate by type, application. Razor Bladees market forecast, by regions, type and application, with sales and revenue, from 2017 to 2022. Display the competitive situation among the top manufacturers, with sales, revenue and market share of Razor Bladees Market. To show the global market by regions, with sales, revenue and market Growth of Razor Bladees Industry, for each region. Razor Bladees Market Report provides additional information like Sales Channel, Distributors, Traders and Dealers, Sales Channel, Direct Marketing, Indirect Marketing, Marketing Channel Future Trend, Distributors, Traders and Dealers, Research Findings and Conclusion, Appendix, Methodology, Analyst Introduction, Data Source of Razor Bladees Market. Get Full access of Razor Bladees Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/purchase/10656852 CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsBusiness, Razor Bladees, Razor Bladees Market, Razor Bladees Market Analysis, Razor Bladees Market Forecast, Razor Bladees Market Growth, Razor Bladees Market Opportunities, Razor Bladees Market Research, Razor Bladees Market Share, Razor Bladees Market Trends, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Network Analyzer Market Outlook 2021: Top Companies, Trends and Growth Factors Details for Business Development Next PostNext New Research Says Wearable Technology and IoT Ecosystems Market will Grow at healthy CAGR by 2022 Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Arun Patil Fatty Amine Sales Market Analysis by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application to 2021 Fatty Amine Sales Market Report Forecast 2017-2021 is a respected source of insightful data for business planners. Global Fatty Amine Sales Market provides the industry overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, demand and supply data. The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis. This Fatty Amine Sales Market industry report study provides analysis based on Geographical Regions, Manufacturers, Applications, Types, Drivers, Opportunities, and Challenges which enhances the understanding, scope and application of this report. Top key players of Fatty Amine Sales Market covered as: Akzo Nobel (NL), Kao Chem (JP), Global Amines (SG), P&G Chem (US), Lonza (CH), Solvay (BE), Evonik (DE), Akema (FR), Ecogreen Oleo (SG), Indo Amines (IN), NOF Corp (JP), Huntsman (US), Temixint (IT), Feixiang Chem (CN), Boxing Huarun (CN), LTH-Tianyu (CN), Tianzhi Fine Chem (CN), Fusite (CN) and many others. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Global Fatty Amine Sales Market @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10429846 Next part of the Global Fatty Amine Sales Market analysis report speaks about the manufacturing process. The report sheds light on the production, production plants, their capacities, global production and revenue are studied. Further in the report, Global Fatty Amine Sales Market is examined for price, cost and gross revenue. These three points are analysed for types, companies and regions. The Industry consumption for major regions is also given. Fatty Amine Sales Market split by Product Type: Primary Fatty Amine, Secondary Fatty Amine, Tertiary Fatty Amine and Market split by Applications: Water Treatment, Agro-chemicals, Oilfield Chemicals, Asphalt Additives, Anti-caking. Get Sample PDF of report@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10429846 Fatty Amine Sales Market by Region: North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India To provide information on competitive landscape, this report includes detailed profiles of Fatty Amine Sales Market key players. For each player, product details, capacity, price, cost, gross and revenue numbers are given. For Any Query on Fatty Amine Sales market report, Speak to Expert@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10429846 Major Topics Covered in Global Fatty Amine Sales Market Research Report Are as Follows: Fatty Amine Sales Market Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders: Marketing Channel, Direct Marketing, Indirect Marketing, Market Positioning, Pricing Strategy, Brand Strategy, Target Client, Distributors/Traders List. Global Fatty Amine Sales Market Forecast 2017-2021: Global Fatty Amine Sales Market Capacity, Production, Revenue Forecast 2017-2021, Global Fatty Amine Sales Market Production, Consumption Forecast by Regions 2017-2021, Global Fatty Amine Sales Market Production Forecast by Type 2017-2021, Global Fatty Amine Sales Market Consumption Forecast by Application 2017-2021, Fatty Amine Sales Market Price Forecast 2017-2021 The report then estimates 2017-2021 market development trends of Fatty Amine Sales Market. Analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Fatty Amine Sales Market before evaluating its feasibility. Get More Market Research Related News, visit http://talkinvestor.com/         CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsBusiness, Fatty Amine Sales Market, Global 1 Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Connected Car Ecosystem Technology Advances Growing Proliferation of Embedded in-vehicle Connectivity and Smartphone Integration 2016 – 2030 – Opportunities, Challenges, Strategies & Forecasts Next PostNext Vacuum Insulation Products Market: Evolving Technology, Trends and Industry Analysis 2022 Search Recent Posts meo推出專為智慧建築和智慧城市設計的“blue”智慧空氣品質監測儀 Fordham University School of Law Launches Legal English Institute Baccalaureate offers seniors a reflection on service, humility and hope PINTEC Subsidiary Dumiao is First Digital Lending Tech Provider to Issue ABS on Shanghai Exchange biOasis to Present at the 16th International Postgraduate Course on Lysosomal Storage Disorders Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Investing Trading Options Technology Energy LoginMy Member Benefitsarchivesresearchyour teamabout usFAQLog out Share This Article Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Reddit Print Email Pinterest Delicious StumbleUpon Gmail Yahoo Tumblr Digg Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor Just Days After Taking Over, Jim Hackett Proved Ford's Top-Dog Status When Ford Motor Co. (NYSE: F) ousted former CEO Mark Fields and replaced him with insider Jim Hackett last week, we told you that this was a smart move. Full Story This is premium content for paid-up Private Briefing subscribers only. How would you like to put an extra $125,000 in your nest egg? You can potentially do it this year - and you'll only have to risk $20 to learn how. Click here. Our FlagshipMoney Morning Michael A. Robinson'sStrategic Tech Investor Shah Gilani'sWall Street Insights & Indictments YourProfit Alerts Keith Fitz-Gerald'sTotal Wealth Dr. Kent Moors'Oil & Energy Investor Tom Gentile'sPower Profit Trades D.R. Barton's10-Minute Millionaire Research ServicesMoney Map Press Archives Research Your Team About Us FAQ Videos Login to My Account Visit Money Map Press Forget your password? Not a member? Investing Trading Options Technology Energy HOME Hot Topics Best Stocks to Buy "New Fuel" Marijuana Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Bitcoin News Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: 4 Dividend Aristocrats Warren Buffett Owns Message: URL: https://mney.co/2qxB2Kh 3  ×   =  15 Required Please enter the correct value. Share Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: 4 Dividend Aristocrats Warren Buffett Owns Message: URL: https://mney.co/2qxB2Kh eight  ×   =  eight Required Please enter the correct value. get daily headlines subscribe now! today's private briefing Access Your Profit Alerts Twitter no responses Stocks 4 Dividend Aristocrats Warren Buffett Owns By Jack Delaney, Associate Editor, Money Morning • May 30, 2017 Start the conversation Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Name * Email * Website 2  ×   =  eighteen Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (NYSE: BRK.A) doesn't pay a dividend, but the company and the stock both benefit greatly from owning shares of some of the best dividend aristocrats on the market. CEO Warren Buffett has told investors about the power of compounding interest for decades and referenced it in a 1964 letter to his partners. At the time, he said an investment may start off paying just a few percentage points. For example, PepsiCo Inc. (NYSE: PEP) pays a dividend of $0.81 per share, which is a yield of 2.81%. If you bought $10,000 shares of PEP on May 1, 2016, and reinvested the dividends through a dividend reinvestment program (DRIP), your shares would have been worth $11,172 on May 1, 2017. What Is a Dividend Aristocrat? Dividend aristocrats are companies that have increased their dividend payments for 25 consecutive years. Some of the most well-known dividend aristocrats include: Exxon Mobil Corp. (NYSE: XOM) pays a dividend of $0.77, which is a yield of 3.75%. Aflac Inc. (NYSE: AFL) pays a dividend of $0.43, which is a yield of 2.32%. AT&T Inc. (NYSE: T) pays a dividend of $0.49, which is a yield of 5.12%. T-Rowe Price Group Inc. (Nasdaq: TROW) pays a dividend of $0.57, which is a yield of 3.27%. Clorox Co. (NYSE: CLX) pays a dividend of $0.84, which is a yield of 2.50%. If you just kept the dividends, your investment would be worth $11,147. That's a difference of only $25. So it may not seem like a big deal at first glance. However, Buffett said in that 1964 letter that the power of compounding interest "mushrooms" over time. According to its website, Pepsi first paid a dividend on Feb. 1, 2001. If you invested $10,000 and reinvested the dividends since then, your shares would have been worth $34,390 on Feb. 1, 2017, according to DividendChannel.com. That's an annual average return of 8.02%. In comparison, an index fund that tracked the S&P 500 would have made just $22,007, for an average annual return of just 5.05%. So you'd have an extra $12,383 in your pocket just from sitting by and having your dividends automatically reinvested for you. Trending Story: The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy in 2017 Best of all, this is a passive investment strategy that doesn't involve timing the market or making risky decisions. And because compounding interest is so powerful, I wanted to dig through Buffett's portfolio of dividend stocks, especially the dividend aristocrats. I wanted Money Morning readers to know exactly what's in Buffett's portfolio. Buffett currently has four dividend aristocrats in his portfolio, and one stands out above the rest. Here are the four dividend aristocrats in Buffett's portfolio, including the best of the bunch… Dividend Aristocrat No. 4: The Coca-Cola Co. According to Fortune, Buffett drinks five 12-ounce cans of Coke a day. He likes the company so much that The Coca-Cola Co. (NYSE: KO) is Berkshire's 12th-largest holding. According to its website, Coke has paid a quarterly dividend since 1920 and has increased dividend payments in each of the last 55 years. Today, KO pays shareholders a dividend of $0.37, for a yield of 3.29%. The billionaire zeroed in on KO stock because of its strong business and because of the 1987 stock market crash. Coca-Cola is and was the most well-known soda maker, and Buffett believed the stock was being undervalued at the time. According to Investopedia.com, Buffett purchased more than $1 billion of Coca-Cola stock in 1988, which made him a 6.2% owner of the company. In the beginning of that year, KO shares opened at $2.39 on Jan. 4, 1998. Video U.S. Becoming Warren Buffett On May 24, 2017, shares of KO opened at $44.51. That's an increase of 1,762% in 29 years. Now, Buffett has a 9.32% stake in the company, and his shares of KO are worth $2.2 billion. Dividend Aristocrat No. 3: Procter & Gamble Co. Buffett owned roughly $4 billion in Procter & Gamble Co. (NYSE: PG) in May 2016, although his stake in the company was not through direct stock purchases. In 1989, Buffett invested $600 million in razor-blade giant Gillette, which gave Berkshire an 11% stake in the company. Like Coca-Cola, razor blades are a product consumers buy no matter what is happening with the company or the market. Sales will always be steady, and this fits Buffett's strategy of investing in what he understands. However, this was an even more profitable investment than Buffett could have originally imagined. Procter & Gamble announced in January 2005 that it would acquire Gillette, which valued Buffett's shares at roughly $5 billion. At the time, the PG stock price was trading at $54.50 per share. On May 24, 2017, the PG stock price opened at $86.45. In 12 years, that's a small increase of 58.62%. However, the dividend has drastically increased since Procter first paid shareholders $0.05 per share in 1990. Today, PG pays a dividend of $0.69, which is a yield of 3.19%. That's an increase of 1,280% over 27 years. He then exchanged most of his PG shares in 2014 when it was trading for roughly $90 per share for ownership of Procter's Duracell battery division. As of Q1 2017, Berkshire has $27.1 million worth of PG stock in its portfolio. Dividend Aristocrat No. 2: Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Buffett first bought shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT) in 2005. WMT shares traded at roughly $50 per share at the time. Today, Wal-Mart stock trades for $78.56 per share, which is a small increase of 57.12%. But the real wealth builder from WMT stock has been the annual increase in its dividend payout. If you purchased $10,000 worth of WMT stock in 1995, reinvested the dividend, and sold it 20 years later, your WMT shares would be worth $86,437. In comparison, an investment in a fund that tracks the S&P 500 would be worth $50,395, according to DividendChannel.com. Again, that's an extra $36,042 in your pocket with almost no upfront work at all. The WMT dividend payout has increased annually every year since it first paid $0.05 per share in March 1974. Today, the retailer pays $0.51 per share, which is a yield of 2.61%. That's a 920% increase over 43 years. But the dividend payout wasn't good enough to keep Buffett around… According to Fortune, Buffett's shares of WMT were worth $3 billion in the summer of 2016, and Berkshire sold most of its shares in Q4 2016. The company unloaded almost $900 million worth of WMT and now holds just $109.5 million. The reason? Buffett saw the shift in how consumers buy products, using online platforms instead of shopping in stores. At Berkshire's annual meeting in 2016, he reportedly said Amazon.com Inc. (Nasdaq: AMZN) is a "big force" and that other companies have not figured out how to counter or effectively participate in online selling. Buffett's sell-off of WMT shows even if a company pays a dividend, the stock isn't always worth owning. However, we do have a new profit opportunity from one dividend aristocrat in Buffett's portfolio. And according Money Morning Director of Tech & Venture Capital Research Michael A. Robinson, this dividend-paying stock should be a foundational holding for our readers… Join the conversation. Click here to jump to comments… (0) COMMENTS FACEBOOK COMMENTS TAGS Tags: Dividends Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Name * Email * Website 5  ×  7  =  Private Briefing Login with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor TODAY'S INSIGHT Just Days After Taking Over, Jim Hackett Proved Ford's Top-Dog Status Forget your password? Not a member? Profit Alerts Never miss a profit pick again. Choose from the topics below to receive our money-making recommendations in real time. Best Investments Alerts Gold and Silver Alerts Breaking Stories Marijuana Industry Updates Don't forget choose a topic. View all topics Daily Market Strategies Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Stocks to Watch Commodities Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save Latest News June 2, 2017 • By Casey Wilson 1 Comment The Next Great Battle Between States and the Federal Government: Marijuana June 2, 2017 • By Money Morning Staff Reports 1 Comment North Korea's Silent, Invisible WMDs That No One's Talking About June 2, 2017 • By Stephen Mack 1 Comment The Dow Keeps Climbing – Here's What to Do with Your Money Trending Posts 4879 Reads 36 Likes Top Marijuana Stocks to Watch Next Week (June 5) Two of the top marijuana stocks to watch in June are releasing new products that could massively increase revenue. Here are the two pot stocks to watch... 4736 Reads 215 Likes What Are Master Settlement Payments? These Master Settlement Payments from the Big Tobacco companies can pay you up to $8,300 per month, even if you've never smoked. Here's how to cash in... Featured Report How You Can Profit from the Same Trend That Drove U.S. Stocks Up 1,262% in the 80s and 90s The 1980s and 1990s were boom decades for the U.S. stock markets. But the phenomenal rise over that time period was no coincidence. A distinct trend was driving those gains. Best of all, it's cyclical and predictable – which means we know just where to look to capture future gains. Find out more about this trend – and how you can profit from it... Enter your email below to get the report. Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Today's Markets DJIA 62.11 (0.29%) 21,206.29 NASDAQ 58.97 (0.94%) 6,305.80 S&P 9.01 (0.37%) 2,439.07 ABOUT MONEY MORNING Money Morning gives you access to a team of ten market experts with more than 250 years of combined investing experience – for free. Our experts – who have appeared on FOXBusiness, CNBC, NPR, and BloombergTV – deliver daily investing tips and stock picks, provide analysis with actions to take, and answer your biggest market questions. Our goal is to help our millions of e-newsletter subscribers and Moneymorning.com visitors become smarter, more confident investors. QUICK LINKS About Us How Money Morning Works FAQs Contact Us Search Article Archive Forgot Username/Password Login to Private Briefing FREE NEWSLETTERS Strategic Tech Investor Oil & Energy Investor Total Wealth Research Wall Street Insights & Indictments Power Profit Trades Sure Money Investor 10 Minute Millionaire PREMIUM SERVICES Money Map Press Home Money Map Report Energy Advantage Nova-X Report Private Briefing Energy Inner Circle High Velocity Profits Biotech Insider Alert Capital Wave Forecast Radical Technology Profits Stealth Profits Trader Small-Cap Rocket Alert Money Calendar Alert Weekly Cash Clock Zenith Trading Circle Seismic Profits Alert Get In Touch Like Our Page Follow Us Watch Us on YouTube Connect with Us © 2017 Money Morning All Rights Reserved. Protected by copyright of the United States and international treaties. Any reproduction, copying, or redistribution (electronic or otherwise, including the world wide web), of content from this webpage, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Money Morning. Address: 16 W. Madison St. Baltimore, MD, 21201 | Phone: 888.384.8339 I Disclaimer | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Whitelist Us You may choose from these hot topics to start receiving our money-making recommendations in real time. Don't forget choose a topic. Best Investments Alerts Gold and Silver Alerts Breaking Stories Marijuana Industry Updates View all topics Interested in other topics? You can add more alerts below. Daily Market Updates:Select All Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies:Select All Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends:Select All Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy:Select All Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets:Select All US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks:Select All Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Stocks to Watch Commodities:Select All Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight:Select All Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save
× New Scientist SUBSCRIBE AND SAVE 48% MANAGE MY ACCOUNT STUDENT Schools and universities GIVE A GIFT MENU HOME NEWS TECHNOLOGY SPACE PHYSICS HEALTH EARTH HUMANS LIFE TOPICS EVENTS JOBS Subscribe SEARCH LOG IN Email address Password Connect with: Facebook Google Create an account Forgotten password Activate/Link subscription OpenAthens login Advertisement Advertisement Home The secret science in your home The secret science in your home 24 May 2017 Sponsored by Skin care gets smart with AI Choosing the cream that best matches your skin is a tricky business. Now Olay has trained a deep learning algorithm to study your face and help you make the best decision Get smart with your skin care When it comes to choice, more is not always better. The all too familiar conundrum of choosing between dozens of chocolate biscuits or hundreds of toothpastes can sometimes induce a kind of decision paralysis, a phenomenon that psychologists call the paradox of choice. Skin care conundrum It’s a problem often seen in the confused faces of customers surrounded by hundreds of products in the skin care section of department stores. A 2013 survey by consumer product giant Procter & Gamble found one third of women were unable to find what they were looking for in facial skin care aisles. Almost two-thirds say they have unused facial products at home. “There’s been an explosion of skin care brands and products in the past 10 years or so,” says Dr Frauke Neuser, principal scientist for P&G brand Olay. “One result is that women are shopping in places where they can get advice. However, that can be intimidating for those who might not want to buy a £150 skin cream recommended for them.” Advertisement P&G says it has the solution. Its web-based Olay Skin Advisor analyses make-up-free selfies uploaded by users to estimate skin age and make personalised product suggestions. It is believed to be the first artificial intelligence-based skin care advice tool. It’s the result of decades of endeavour. P&G scientists have been studying skin for over 60 years and developing improved image capture and analysis technology for almost three decades (see “A history in imaging“). That includes a 2015 clinical study comparing the facial skin of 330 women of different ethnicities. These included a subset judged to look at least 10 years younger than they actually are and who proved to have a common pattern of gene expression. Inspired by this study, P&G scientists wondered whether artificial intelligence could replace the subjective human judgements of age with something more objective. The idea of machines that can perceive the world, learn from examples and understand humans has been around since the 1950s. It is however only in recent years that major strides in building such machines have been made thanks to key advances. These include the rapid growth in large datasets that include images and the ability to store such vast amounts of data. Also important has been a shift to using computer chips known as graphics processing units (GPUs) originally developed for video gaming. These offer enhanced power over normal chips for certain tasks. “There’s a natural fit between the workloads of deep learning models and gaming. Both involve doing very large batches of computations, and doing so in parallel,” says Thomas Bradley, Director of Developer Technology at NVIDIA, which created the GPUs used to train and run the Olay Skin Advisor deep learning algorithm. That algorithm, the result of experimenting with image recognition software, is the outcome. It was developed by the P&G bioinformatics group with artificial neural networks, computer simulations inspired by the way human brains process information. They allow so-called deep learning by a machine. Deep learning models “Human brains learn to estimate people’s ages by building a model that associates features we see in faces with the ages we know those people are,” says Dr Jun Xu, a P&G computational biologist and lead developer of the Olay Skin Advisor’s VizID™ algorithm. “Deep learning mimics this process.” Deep learning models are made up of hierarchies of filters called “layers” designed to detect the presence or absence of features. Each pixel in an image has red, green and blue colour values. By analysing these, a layer can, for example, look for the edge of a feature or the edge of a colour patch. It then passes its finding on to the next layer, which might look at what shapes are formed by those edges. Early layers look at smaller areas and later ones assess larger ones. By going through 20 such layers, VizID™ builds skin age predictions. By comparing these repeatedly with known real ages, it can tweak the weightings it gives to different elements to improve its accuracy. Olay researchers used 50,000 selfies of women of different ages and ethnicities to “train” their model. This included feeding these images back through the algorithm 250 more times, each time with a slight change to lighting, resolution or positioning, for example. This ensures the model learns to predict the right age despite these image variations (a technique called data augmentation). “Deep learning mimics the way the human brain learns to estimate people’s ages” Once trained, the model was tested with a new set of 630 selfies of women aged 18-65. The Olay Skin Advisor’s average age difference was 3.8 years. This compared to an average of 7.3 years for a group of dermatologists. By retracing the model’s calculations, the Olay team found it assigned most weight to eye wrinkles, pigmented age spots and “laughter lines” running between the corners of the mouth and the edge of the nose. These are among key features that humans also use to estimate age. Launched last year, Olay Skin Advisor gives users an estimate of their skin age and tells them which of their forehead, cheeks, mouth, and eye areas are in best shape, as well as which could benefit most from improvement. Based on this and questionnaire answers, it gives personalised product recommendations. More than 1 million women have already used the web-based tool. The images they uploaded are helping further improve its accuracy. A survey of users carried out by P&G found 94 per cent agreed that the products recommended by the algorithm were right for them and 88 per cent were still using the same products four weeks later. “We’re not doing this because deep learning is cool,” says Neuser. “Ultimately the proof is in the pudding. If women buy the recommended products, see results, and keep using those products, then we can say that Olay Skin Advisor is a success.” A history in imaging THE use of deep learning in the Olay Skin Advisor may seem bold, but it is no leap in the dark. In fact P&G has been breaking new ground in skin imaging and analysis for 30 years. These advances were initially designed to assist product development, before later being used in devices that assess skin age by analysing features such as texture, tone and radiance in images. During the 1990s, for example, it developed software to correct colour variations caused by changes in lighting and camera response by comparing them with reference colours incorporated into images. It also standardised facial positioning using “ghost images” from earlier capture sessions to precisely line subjects up in later ones. In 2001, P&G licensed its imaging know how to Canfield Scientific as the basis for its in-store, feature-based skin analysis devices, and later to create VISIA, a similar system for medical professionals. In 2006, P&G automated the assessment of the molecular basis of skin colour using digital cameras and custom software to create maps of melanin and haemoglobin. “Adopting deep learning algorithms hasn’t been as difficult as it might have been, thanks to Olay’s rich heritage in image acquisition and analysis,” says Dr Paul Matts, Olay Research Fellow. Try the Olay Skin Advisor at: skinadvisor.olay.co.uk More at: www.pg.co.uk This article appeared in print under the headline “Skin care gets smart with AI” Advertisement Magazine issue 3127, published 27 May 2017 Download Buy In Print Subscribe Previous article Beaver dams keep streams cool and protect sensitive fish Next article Skin care gets smart with AI Advertisement Sign up to our newsletter Enter your email address to get started Contact us FAQ About us Who’s who Advertise with us Advertise jobs with us Privacy and terms Write for us Science jobs Dating Shop RSS feeds Syndication information Events Travel The Collection Subscribe Account settings Gift subscriptions Student subscriptions Educational subscriptions Corporate subscriptions © Copyright New Scientist Ltd. Back to top
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Washing Powder Market Share, Size, Growth Opportunities, Key Driven Factors, Market Scenario Forecast to 2022 This report covers market characteristics, size and growth, segmentation, regional breakdowns, competitive landscape, market shares, trends and strategies PUNE, INDIA, May 30, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — The Global Washing Powder market size will be XX million (USD) in 2022, from the XX million (USD) in 2016, with a CAGR (Compound Annual Growth Rate) XX% from 2016 to 2022. This report studies Washing Powder in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa, focuses on the top 5 Washing Powder Players in each region, with sales, price, revenue and market share for top 5 manufacturer, covering Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1320392-2017-top-5-washing-powder-manufacturers-in-north-america-europe-asia P&G Unilever Henkel Liby Kao Church & Dwight Lion Clorox NaFine Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with sales, revenue, market share of top 5 players in these regions, from 2012 to 2017 (forecast), like North America (United States, Canada and Mexico) Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Korea) Europe (Germany, UK, France, Italy and Russia etc. South America (Brazil, Chile, Peru and Argentina) Middle East and Africa (Egypt, South Africa, Saudi Arabia) Split by Product Types, with sales, revenue, price, market share of each type, can be divided into type 1 type 2 type 3 Split by applications, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Washing Powder in each application, can be divided into Commercial Use Home Use Make an enquiry of this Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1320392-2017-top-5-washing-powder-manufacturers-in-north-america-europe-asia Table of Contents 2017 Top 5 Washing Powder Manufacturers/Players in North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa 1 Washing Powder Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Washing Powder 1.2 Washing Powder Segment by Types 1.2.1 Global Sales Market Share of Washing Powder by Types in 2016 1.2.2 type 1 1.2.3 type 2 1.2.4 type 3 1.3 Washing Powder Segment by Applications 1.3.1 Washing Powder Consumption Market Share by Applications in 2016 1.3.2 Commercial Use 1.3.3 Home Use 1.4 Washing Powder Market by Regions 1.4.1 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.1.1 North America Washing Powder Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 1.4.2 Asia-Pacific Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.2.1 Asia-Pacific Washing Powder Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3.1 Europe Washing Powder Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 1.4.4 South America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4.1 South America Washing Powder Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Middle East and Africa Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5.1 Middle East and Africa Washing Powder Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Washing Powder (2012-2022) 2 Global Washing Powder Sales, Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Players 2.1 Global Washing Powder Sales and Market Share in 2016 and 2017 by Players 2.1.1 Global Washing Powder Sales by Players in 2016 and 2017 2.1.2 Global Washing Powder Sales Market Share (%) by Players in 2016 and 2017 2.2 Global Washing Powder Revenue and Market Share by Players in 2016 and 2017 2.2.1 Global Washing Powder Revenue by Players in 2016 and 2017 2.2.2 Global Washing Powder Revenue Market Share (%) by Players in 2016 and 2017 2.3 Global Washing Powder Average Price by Players in 2016 and 2017 2.4 Global Washing Powder Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area, Product Types by Players 2.4.1 Global Washing Powder Manufacturing Base Distribution and Sales Area by Players 2.4.2 Players Washing Powder Product Types 2.5 Washing Powder Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 Washing Powder Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 Washing Powder Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Players 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion 3 Global Washing Powder Sales, Revenue (Value) by Regions, Type and Application (2012-2017) 3.1 Global Washing Powder Sales, Revenue and Market Share by Regions (2012-2017) 3.1.1 Global Washing Powder Sales and Market Share by Regions (2012-2017) 3.1.2 Global Washing Powder Revenue and Market Share by Regions (2012-2017) 3.2 Global Washing Powder Sales, Revenue, Market Share and Price by Type (2012-2017) 3.2.1 Global Washing Powder Sales and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 3.2.2 Global Washing Powder Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 3.2.3 Global Washing Powder Price by Type (2012-2017) 3.3 Global Washing Powder Sales and Market Share by Application (2012-2017) 3.3.1 Global Washing Powder Sales by Application (2012-2017) 3.3.2 Global Washing Powder Sales Market Share by Application (2012-2017) 3.4 Global Washing Powder Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 4 North America Top 5 Players Washing Powder Sales, Revenue and Price 4.1 North America Top 5 Players Washing Powder Sales, Revenue and Market Share in 2016 and 2017 4.1.1 North America Top 5 Players Washing Powder Sales and Market Share in 2016 and 2017 4.1.2 North America Top 5 Players Washing Powder Revenue and Market Share in 2016 and 2017 4.2 North America Washing Powder Sales, Revenue, Market Share and Price by Type (2012-2017) 4.2.1 North America Washing Powder Sales and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 4.2.1.1 North America Washing Powder Sales by Type (2012-2017) 4.2.1.2 North America Washing Powder Sales Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 4.2.2 North America Washing Powder Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 4.2.2.1 North America Washing Powder Revenue by Type (2012-2017) 4.2.2.2 North America Washing Powder Revenue Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 4.2.3 North America Washing Powder Price by Type (2012-2017) 4.3 North America Washing Powder Sales and Market Share by Application (2012-2017) 4.3.1 North America Washing Powder Sales by Application (2012-2017) 4.3.2 North America Washing Powder Sales and Market Share by Application (2012-2017) 4.4 North America Washing Powder Sales and Market Share by Country (US, Canada and Mexico) (2012-2017) 4.4.1 North America Washing Powder Sales by Country (2012-2017) 4.4.2 North America Washing Powder Sales Market Share by Country (2012-2017) 4.5 North America Washing Powder Import & Export (2012-2017) 5 Europe Top 5 Players Washing Powder Sales, Revenue and Price 5.1 Europe Top 5 Players Washing Powder Sales, Revenue and Market Share in 2016 and 2017 ……Continued Purchase Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1320392 Norah Trent Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)/+91 841 198 5042 (IND) email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Europe’s Cryochambers Market Expected to Account for US$ 65.4 Mn by 2026-end Next PostNext Bio Polymers Market is Expected to Grow at USD 6.37 Billion by 2023 Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi The Pi Group Appoints International Marketing Executive Peter McDonough to Board of Directors News provided by The Pi Group 30 May, 2017, 08:07 ET Share this article DARIEN, Conn., May 30, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The Pi Group, a fast-growing consumer goods talent advisory group , announced that Peter McDonough will join its board of directors. McDonough brings The Pi Group, located in both Darien, CT and New York, NY, fresh insights in transforming business performance from prior executive roles leading the marketing organizations at Diageo, Procter & Gamble, Gillette, and Black & Decker. McDonough most recently was president, chief marketing and innovation officer for Diageo, where he was tasked with overseeing the North America spirits industry's largest portfolio of top selling brands. In this role, Peter transformed and built the marketing and product development organizations with new capabilities, a more focused strategic outlook, and a business plan that delivered accelerated growth and positioned Diageo as the industry leader in product innovation.  As a member of the North America Executive Team, he played a key role in developing organizational strategy and growth targets for Diageo's most important global region.  Peter McDonough formerly of Diageo, joins Board of Directors at The Pi Group. "Peter is a highly accomplished, dynamic leader," says Steve Morrissey, managing partner, The Pi Group. "His proven track record with the C-suite and deep experience in marketing, service proposition direction, customer service, and contact network expansion will be an asset." "I applaud Steve's visionary mindset and the Pi Group's work to transform the recruiting model," says Peter McDonough. Steve and his team are focused on creating a suite of services that enable the Pi Group to serve as a more strategic, long-term partner to clients. It's an incredibly powerful business proposition and I'm excited to help them take the company to the next level." Prior to joining Diageo, McDonough served in a variety of leadership roles within the consumer goods industry in North America and Europe, including vice president of North American marketing for Gillette, vice president of European marketing for Duracell and Braun, and director of North American marketing at Black & Decker Power Tools. The Pi Group is made up of three practices: Perpetual Insights, Pi Executive, and Perpetual Ambition, and focuses exclusively on the consumer goods industry. With a dedication to delivering professional level search and consulting services, tailored to meet clients' needs, The Pi Group is redefining the search industry through innovation and the provision of a full talent lifecycle service. For more information, please visit the website. Contact: Kristin Johnson kristinsjohn@gmail.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-pi-group-appoints-international-marketing-executive-peter-mcdonough-to-board-of-directors-300464801.html SOURCE The Pi Group Related Links http://www.thepi-group.com My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: The Pi Group Appoints International Marketing Executive Peter McDonough to Board of Directors News provided by The Pi Group 30 May, 2017, 08:07 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman The Pi Group Appoints International Marketing Executive Peter McDonough to Board of Directors DARIEN, Conn., May 30, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — The Pi Group, a fast-growing consumer goods talent advisory group , announced that Peter McDonough will join its board of directors. McDonough brings The Pi Group, located in both Darien, CT and New York, NY, fresh insights in transforming business performance from prior executive roles leading the marketing organizations at Diageo, Procter & Gamble, Gillette, and Black & Decker. McDonough most recently was president, chief marketing and innovation officer for Diageo, where he was tasked with overseeing the North America spirits industry’s largest portfolio of top selling brands. In this role, Peter transformed and built the marketing and product development organizations with new capabilities, a more focused strategic outlook, and a business plan that delivered accelerated growth and positioned Diageo as the industry leader in product innovation.  As a member of the North America Executive Team, he played a key role in developing organizational strategy and growth targets for Diageo’s most important global region.  Peter McDonough formerly of Diageo, joins Board of Directors at The Pi Group. „Peter is a highly accomplished, dynamic leader,” says Steve Morrissey, managing partner, The Pi Group. „His proven track record with the C-suite and deep experience in marketing, service proposition direction, customer service, and contact network expansion will be an asset.” „I applaud Steve’s visionary mindset and the Pi Group’s work to transform the recruiting model,” says Peter McDonough. Steve and his team are focused on creating a suite of services that enable the Pi Group to serve as a more strategic, long-term partner to clients. It’s an incredibly powerful business proposition and I’m excited to help them take the company to the next level.” Prior to joining Diageo, McDonough served in a variety of leadership roles within the consumer goods industry in North America and Europe, including vice president of North American marketing for Gillette, vice president of European marketing for Duracell and Braun, and director of North American marketing at Black & Decker Power Tools. The Pi Group is made up of three practices: Perpetual Insights, Pi Executive, and Perpetual Ambition, and focuses exclusively on the consumer goods industry. With a dedication to delivering professional level search and consulting services, tailored to meet clients’ needs, The Pi Group is redefining the search industry through innovation and the provision of a full talent lifecycle service. For more information, please visit the website. Contact: Kristin Johnson kristinsjohn@gmail.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-pi-group-appoints-international-marketing-executive-peter-mcdonough-to-board-of-directors-300464801.html SOURCE The Pi Group Related Links http://www.thepi-group.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Green Energy Enterprises Retires First 150 Million Outstanding Shares of Planned 500 Million Share Reduction Next PostNext Respiratory Disposable Devices Market: Global Industry Size, Share, Analysis, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Search Recent Posts NFPA awards James M. Shannon Advocacy Medal to Ann Jones for advocacy efforts Westcon-Comstor Launches Mitel Cloud Communications for Small and Medium Enterprises in Australia Global Economic Prospects: Afrique subsaharienne Global Economic Prospects: Sub-Saharan Africa Global Economic Prospects: África Subsariana Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
KTN News KTN Home Radio Maisha SDE Evewoman The Nairobian uReport EPaper Corporate HOME KENYA WORLD BUSINESS OPINION SCI & TECH HEALTH Education SPORTS MAGAZINE ENTERTAINMENT Lifestyle Home Kenya Kenya Elections Politics Central Coast Eastern Nairobi North Eastern Nyanza Rift Valley Western World Africa Asia America Europe Business Business News Financial Standard Stocks Money & Careers Home & Away Smart Harvest Sci & Tech Opinion Opinion Editorial Column Letters Commentary Health Sports Entertainment Education Lifestyle Crazy World Wednesday Life Home & Away Smart Harvest Sunday Magazine Environment Generation Next Environment Kenya Elections Your are here  » Home   » Financial Standard Kenyan retailers fight for middle and low-end shoppers amid growing competition By Gloria Lihavi Aradi | Updated Tue, May 30th 2017 at 13:30 GMT +3 SHARE THIS ARTICLE Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Two Rivers Mall, one of the largest retail entertainment and lifestyle centres.  Brian Tirok, 23, a resident of Ruaka town, does most of his shopping at the local mini-supermarket just outside his home. He cites convenience as the main reason behind his shopping habits. At his local supermarket, he can shop when he needs to and get back home easily. “I don’t see the need to go far to shop when I can get the same goods here,” he comments, observing that shopping at his local supermarket saves him time.  “When I want things like electronics, I just buy online,” he further states. Tirok’s shopping habits mirror those of many other Kenyans. It is these habits, influenced by affordability and convenience, which are reshaping the dynamics of the Kenyan retail market and spelling doom for top-tier retailers. Nakumatt, Kenya’s biggest industry player, continues to endure worrisome financial woes while Uchumi, which was once at the helm of the industry, is yet to make a full comeback. As these retailers suffer, the retail spending of Kenyans reached Sh1.8 trillion in 2016, an increase of 13 per cent, according to a study by Procter & Gamble. While one would expect Nakumatt to swim in increased profits as a consequence, its debt has in fact risen from Sh4.7 billion in 2012, to around Sh18 billion at the start of 2017. ALSO READ: Want to supply mbogas to the supermarkets? Prepare to impress Clearly, there exists a sharp disconnect between the industry’s performance and that of its largest player. This could only mean that small and medium-sized retailers are the ones raking in most on the country’s increased retail spending, in the midst of a fast-growing and increasingly competitive retail space. Nakumatt’s recent history has been characterised by empty shelves, closure of branches both locally and regionally and complaints by unpaid suppliers. Uchumi, the once dominant firm in Kenya’s retail sector, underwent an eerily similar fall from grace, clogged by issues identical to those of Nakumatt. The stalled performance of both outlets has been blamed on managerial miscalculations that have meant consequential financial implications. While internal shortcomings are the biggest factor leading to the blow-ups in both cases, Nakumatt and Uchumi have also traditionally appealed to the moneyed middle class. As part of this appeal, Nakumatt has acquired a reputation of offering unique products and pleasant shopping experiences, factors that have helped the retailer distinguish its brand name. The result has been a widespread connotation within the public, associating the outlet with class and costliness. Naturally, low income earners have shied away, preferring to shop from commonplace outlets which they perceive to be cheaper since they offer simpler shopping experiences. According to Nakumatt spokesperson Alfred Ng’ang’a, the widely-held perception by the public that the retail chain sells more expensive goods is a misconception they counteract. “All our prices are benchmarked against the recommended retail prices from various suppliers. At all times we strive to provide value to our loyal customers by meeting their needs cost effectively,” clarifies Ng’ang’a. Mr Ng’ang’a notes that even if pricing by retailers was unregulated, retailers simply do not have the luxury to set prices as they wish. “You have to understand that even middle class consumers are conscious,’’ Mr Ng’ang’a notes, indicating there is no way the middle class will be willing to pay exorbitant prices for the promise of class and elegance. With the recent surge in the number of lavish malls, most of which are strategically positioned in suburbs, high-end retailers such as Nakumatt, Game and French retailer Carrefour have been in a rush to open outlets at these malls, hoping to profit off a dismal and volatile middle class. According to Dr X.N. Iraki, an economic expert and lecturer at the University of Nairobi, this retail business model of exclusively targeting the middle class is doomed to fail. “The big malls and supermarkets are targeting the small group of middle class which is “floating”, they will go for the newest mall, supermarket, then go back to where they normally shop,” says Dr Iraki. “After all, sugar is sugar, it does not matter where you buy it. The small outlets have dedicated shoppers who live in the neighbourhood.” Although there are varying quantification and definitions of the Kenyan middle class, it is agreed that the middle class comprises households that spend at least half their income on goods and services that are not basic necessities. The “floating” middle class, which Dr Iraki mentions, refers to the group of the middle class that can easily recede into the lower class. Inclusive of the floating middle class, the African Development Bank (AfDB) places the Kenyan middle class at 44.9 per cent and excluding them, the real middle class stands at a low of 16.8 per cent. When you walk into upmarket malls such as Garden City and Two Rivers Mall, which house these high-end retail stores, it is critically obvious that many of the so-called ‘shoppers’ are not really shoppers but more of tourists, strolling around casually and taking pictures (selfies), without really buying anything. Success of banks Simply put, appealing to just the moneyed in an increasingly competitive market, where the vast majority of the population falls within the lower class is a tactical mistake. Small and medium-sized retailers such as Tuskys and Naivas have recorded success for focusing their marketing strategies on the large lower class, a strategy that was more famously initiated by Equity Bank and emulated by other banks. “Maybe big malls and supermarkets need to learn from Equity Bank...which saw money in poverty, targeting the lower end as other banks were left fighting for the small high end customers,” notes Dr Iraki. However, just as Equity Bank realised it is more profitable to cater for a wider market segment through creation of a corporate department, so have these retailers. Many of these small and medium retailers have packaged themselves to attract the middle class, mainly by setting up stores in locations convenient to high-end market, as well as offering better shopping experiences meant to attract this market segment. Mr Ng’ang’a says Nakumatt’s scope of diversity on the market sometimes goes unnoticed. “Nakumatt’s target market covers a wide and general scope. It is neither middle nor lower class. This is well illustrated on our branch footprint and also the wide variety of stocks sold at our stores,” stresses Ng’ang’a. “In Kenya, we have branches in 17 counties from Westlands to Kayole, Nanyuki to Diani all stocked with a wide variety of retail products and services that appeal to a broad spectrum of customers.” It is for this reason that upmarket retailers are starting to venture out into the lower class niche and small and medium-sized retailers as they seek to attract the middle class as well. High-end retailers now have separate tills for customers purchasing small amounts of goods. This provides convenience for all types of customers. Large, medium and small retailers are realising they can no longer afford to appeal to just specific segments of the market. With increased competition, retailers are increasingly focusing on both the lower and middle classes. With new dynamics like increased online shopping, especially among the Millennials, retailers are trying to be innovative. Online retailers, notably Jumia, Kilimall and OLX are mounting pressure on the traditional retailers with physical outlets. A December 2016 report by Euromonitor International pointed out that the sales for non-store retailers reached Sh9.6 billion in 2016, signaling a nine per cent rise. Online retailers accounted for 75 per cent of these sales, recording an 11 per cent growth on their own. According to the World Bank report, achieving middle income status by 2030 are implausible and unrealistic as up to 80 per cent of the jobs are in the informal sector. [email protected] RELATED TOPICS: retailers supermarkets shopping malls WATCH THIS Uchumi supamarkets turnaround strategy pays off by 33% SHARE THIS ARTICLE Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Do you have something to add to this story? Comment here. ADVERTISEMENT latest News Odd criteria, qualities KDF uses when recruiting soldiers Prophet: I cursed Lake Victoria’s water hyacinth to rot in hell Kakamega family out in the cold waiting for suicide-cleansing fine 'Ghost' teacher admits sucking blood from her pupils We have begun the journey to transform Kirinyaga - Waiguru For Mariga, victory did not come easy: Mary claims Madaraka trophy at the Sea Link course Schools: Captain Ochieng to lead team in Term 2 A national games Schools: Champions suffer shock defeats in Kwale games Telkom Orange rout JKUAT: Champions bag eighth win of the season Basketball: Senior women's team qualifies for Africa Cup VIEW ALL Trending Now Hoteliers seek boost from Madaraka Expresss When Speaker JB Muturi was locked down at Syokimau President Uhuru: Why I am not taking my rivals lightly NASA leaders take change gospel to DP Ruto's backyard Promotional SGR passenger transfer service starts Unga uproar in counties as shortage continues to bite Peter Kenneth: An unwanted guest in heated Nairobi affairs? ADVERTISEMENT KTN News Live Stream Financial Standard Sending home workers fails to fix banks’ rising wage bill costs Meet self-made investor with shares in over 60 listed firms Kenyans once shunned stock market over perception of ‘capitalist, gambling’ From designer clothes to breakfast cereals, Kenyans are surrounded by counterfeits Kenyan retailers fight for middle and low-end shoppers amid growing competition Travelers turn to smartphone for trip planning Boda bodas: Greatest threat to pedestrians Kenya's current account deficit widens to 5.8 pct in February VIEW ALL Comment Policy Entertainment News 'Ghost' teacher admits sucking blood from her pupils Kakamega family out in the cold waiting for suicide-cleansing fine Prophet: I cursed Lake Victoria’s water hyacinth to rot in hell Odd criteria, qualities KDF uses when recruiting soldiers Slain businessman deserved to die? VIEW ALL Latest videos KTN NEWS / 8 hours ago My Take: The Identity crisis of our nation KTN NEWS / 8 hours ago Everton will be the first EPL team set to play in East Africa KTN NEWS / 9 hours ago Tusker FC ready to take on Tanzania in the Sportpesa super cup tournament KTN NEWS / 9 hours ago Kawangware FC thrash Zamalek in Super 8 results News Kenya Politics Business World Sports Opinion Lifestyle Special Reports The Nairobian Entertainment Gossip Pulse The Nairobian Entertainment News Celebs Events Video Reviews Spiritual Gallery Crazy Monday More Sites Mobile Standard Digital Music PDS Classifieds RSS Standard e-paper Jobs Games Corporate Other Links Tenders at Standard Group Contact Us Rate Card Vacancies at Standard Group Terms of Service Campus Vibe uReport DCX O.M. Portal RMS Corporate Email © Copyright 2017 - Standard Group Limited
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Business Markets Money Real Estate Legal  • Corporate News •  One News Page > Press Releases > American Forest Foundation, International Paper, Procter & Gamble and 3M Announce Carolinas Working Forest Conservation Collaborative American Forest Foundation, International Paper, Procter & Gamble and 3M Announce Carolinas Working Forest Conservation Collaborative Tuesday, 23 May 2017 (2 weeks ago) DETROIT--(BUSINESS WIRE)--American Forest Foundation (AFF), International Paper, The Procter & Gamble Company (P&G) and 3M Company announced today the formation of the Carolinas Working Forest Conservation Collaborative a joint initiative in the Coastal Carolinas Plain to educate and engage family woodland owners in sustainable forestry, forest certification, the enhancement of habitat for at-risk species, and the conservation of bottomland hardwood forests. “There is a misconception th » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   You Might Like Recent related news Nottingham Forest fans want Hildeberto Pereira back at the RedsNottingham Forest fans would love to see Benfica ace Hildeberto Pereira back at the City Ground. A poll carried out by the Post asked fans whether they would... Nottingham Post 6 days ago - SportsAlso reported by •Burton Mail Leopard captured from residential areaSikar (Rajasthan), June 01 (ANI): Forest officials captured a leopard in Rajasthan’s Sikar district after it strayed into a residential area. According to... ANI News 3 days ago - India Twitter Facebook Page People Gregg Allman Albert Pujols Donald Trump Ariana Grande Current Topics London Attack Stanley Cup Predators People Killed Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories How Long Has Trump Been Vocal About Global Warming? Check His Twitter History Bad News For Shyamalan Fans - His TV Reboot's Been Canned Which Classic TV Show Is Heading Back To The Big Screen..? Again? What Is 'COVFEFE', And What Does It Have To Do With Trump? Kathy Griffin's Trump Photo Causes A Stir - And Severs Her Ties With CNN Corbyn Bites Back - Was His Debate Decision The Killer Move Labour Need? MOVIE REVIEW: Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales Charity Concert For Manchester Bombing Victims To Take Place This Sunday - And There's Big Stars Involved Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
skip to main content Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto Sign In Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google+ Sign in with Yahoo! Sign in with AOL Sign in with LinkedIn Email Password Forgot your password? Need an account? Register here. WRAL.com News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Other News Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias World News 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Traffic Pedestrian killed in crash on I-440 in Raleigh Sponsor @NCCapitol Cooper campaign promise tracker Find your lawmakers Crime and safety Interactive maps Recent mugshots NC Wanted: Report a tip Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains Weather Resources CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Weather Chance for storms remains overnight, Monday Sponsor Weather 2017 Atlantic hurricane season begins as many still struggle to recover from Matthew DUALDoppler5000 The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › Sports Sports Home Our Take All Columns Caulton Tudor Joe Ovies Adam Gold Lauren Brownlow Jeff Gravley Bob Holliday Mandy Mitchell NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers HighSchoolOT More Sports Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis More Schools Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw Baseball North Carolina State holds off Kentucky 5-4 in NCAA regional Our Take Reliable Dalatri leads UNC past Michigan 8-1 in elimination game Sponsor Contests WRALSportsFan.com Auto Racing Challenge This week's on-air giveaways Our Take Perimeter players likely to rule ACC hoops in 2017-18 Twitter mailbag goes from sandwiches to 90s music All ACC Tourney games (don't) matter Download the FREE app On iPhone/ iPad & Android › Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Business Must-do for Congress: Raise debt limit, pass spending bills Business Trump to push for overhauling roads, bridges, air traffic Sponsor New technology Self-parking cars help relieve driver stress Computer beats Chinese go champion Serena Williams in Silicon Valley Where the jobs are In-demand, high-paying careers await community college grads Laid-off plant worker soars to new career as commercial pilot Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Editorial: Legislature's budget -- More comfort for the comfortable Editorial: Legislators should heed protesters' message on Medicaid PHILIP PRICE: Truth is Senate 'cuts' to education 'bureaucracy' mean less accountability and support for teachers, students Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Business Duke seeks 15 percent increase in electric rates Business Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders 5 On Your Side Use proper technique to paint rooms like the pros Check rooms thoroughly to avoid bringing bed bugs home from vacation Smart tips to prevent identity theft Resources WRAL SmartShopper Consumer recalls Get Out of Debt Guy File a consumer complaint >> Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Pets Family House & Home Food & Shopping Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Health Team Texas lawmakers make few moves to address pregnancy deaths Political News This one letter helped spark a national opioid epidemic Sponsor Summer fun Outer Banks beach among best in US Best and worst sunscreens for babies and kids Theme park fun around US Parenting Go Ask Mom at N.C. Symphony Summerfest concert Durham pools, spraygrounds free this summer Some sunscreens provide less than promised Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • More O&A Shopping & Retail Arts Sports Families Pets Community Yard Sales Seasonal 919 Beer Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Entertainment Late in life, sex assault trial caps Cosby's life and legacy Entertainment Grande returns to Manchester to honor victims with benefit Sponsor WRAL Freedom Balloon Festival Balloon fest photos Weekend best bets: Balloon Fest, Doughman Where to park Out & About Best Bets Calendar from Out & About Nightlife and Party Pics Submit your event You don’t need the newspaper to get your Sunday Circulars Click & Save for Instant Savings › Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Lottery Drawings Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Local News Restaurant patrons hid following shooting of 7-year-old boy Out and About Thousands take to Raleigh streets for Ironman race Contact Us People of WRAL Contact WRAL Watch WRAL, WRAL2 TV schedule On the Record WRAL documentaries Interested in sports & pop culture? Listen to the NEW podcast › 71° View: 7-Day | Hourly | Currently 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Weather 71° Menu Video WRAL.com Feeds Sign In Home News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Sports Sports Home All Columns NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw HighSchoolOT Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family House & Home Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • Shopping & Retail   • Arts   • Sports   • Families   • Pets   • Community   • Yard Sales   • Seasonal 919 Beer Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto About Us Advertising Privacy & Terms Mobile Apps & Services Weather Halifax and Northampton counties are under alert. Details Published: 2017-05-31 17:38:00 Updated: 2017-05-31 17:38:00 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story WRAL SmartShopper Lowes Foods deals 5/31: Turkey bacon, Luvs, chicken thighs Tags: Deals, Grocery deals, Coupons, Printable coupons, Grocery coupons Posted 5:38 p.m. Wednesday Leave this field blank Your e-mail address:* Your friends e-mail addresses (comma separated):* Subject:* Message:*A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18DWP Get a new codeAre you human?* You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters Lowes Foods has good buys this week on chicken thighs, chicken breast, Jennie-O turkey bacon, Yoplait yogurt, Nature's Own Whitewheat bread, Pet ice cream, Luvs diapers, aluminum foil and more! The coupon policy can be found below the list of deals. . These deals are valid Wednesday, May 31 – Tuesday, June 6, 2017. Produce Kiwi fruit, .60 each Vidalia onions, Organic, .79/lb Mangoes, $1.25 each Fresh Express salad mix, 9 oz Italian or 11 oz American, $1.50 Organic yellow or zucchini squash, $1.99/lb Blueberries, BOGO for $2.49 each Russet potatoes, 5 lb bag, $2.99 Dozen rose bouquet from floral, $14.99 Meat Perdue drumsticks or thighs, family pack, .99/lb Amick Farms boneless chicken breast, family pack, $1.97/lb Lobster tails, 4 – 5 oz, $6.99 each Raw Carolina Shrimp, BOGO for $7.49/lb Jennie-O turkey bacon, extra lean, 12 oz, $1.87 Dairy & Frozen Yoplait yogurt, .50 Coupons: .50/5 coupon from Smart Shopper coupons link above, .50/5 Savingstar cash back offer (expires 5/31) Michelina’s entrees, select, $1 - $1/5 printable coupon PET ice cream or frozen yogurt, 48 oz, $2.50 - .55 coupon from 4/30 RP Misc. Grocery Nature’s Own Whitewheat bread, 20 oz, BOGO for $1.44 each Margaret Holmes seasoned greens, 27 oz can, $1.40 Lowes Foods pasta sauce, 24 oz, $1.50 Doritos, 9.5 – 11.5 oz, BOGO for $2.15 each Pop Secret popcorn, 6 – 10 count, BOGO for $2.50 each - $1/2 coupon possibly in 6/4 SS Buy 3 select Nabisco crackers or cookies and get $3 off at the register including Ritz Crisp, Teddy Grahams Soft Bakes, Good Thins, Chips Ahoy Thins, Oreo Thins Sale: 2 for $6 Coupon: .75/2 coupon from 5/21 SS Lowes Foods single serve coffee cups, 30 count, $10.00 Non Food Simply Done aluminum foil, 25 sq ft, .79 Get a $10 Visa Prepaid card by mail when you purchase $30 worth of participating P&G products. See ad for all the items. Coupons: See the 5/28 PG insert Head & Shoulders shampoo & conditioner, 13.5 oz, 2 for $12 - $3/2 coupon from 5/28 PG = 2 for $9 Luvs diapers jumbo pack, $6.99 - $2 coupon from 5/28 PG or $1 coupon from Smart Shopper coupons link above =$4.99 after $2 coupon Lowes Foods Coupon Policy Basics: Doubles coupons .99 or less everyday Doubles up to 20 coupons per day Doubles up to 4 identical coupons (must have required product to go with each coupon) BOGO sales ring up at half price. If you just buy one, it still rings up at half price and you can still use a coupon on it! I love that policy! Reminder: You can now add digital coupons to your Lowes Foods Reward card by going to Lowesfoods.com. These coupons will not double. The official Lowes Foods Coupon Policy can be found on their website HERE. Scroll down to see the policy once you get to their website. . . . Disclosure: This post may contain affiliate links and we appreciate your using them! This means that I may receive compensation from other websites I mention on this blog. More On This SmartShopper Printable Coupons Lowes Foods coupon policy SavingStar coupons Checkout 51 website Ibotta offers Michelina's Eight O Clock coupon Palermo's Old Orchard Angelsoft.com Progresso.com coupons Mambosprouts.com coupons Nature's Own Life coupon Lance crackers Van's coupons Dreamfields coupon Perdue Al Fresco coupon Flatout coupon Pompeian coupon Furmano's coupon Challenge website Butterball.com coupons Hormel.com coupons Margaritaville coupon French's coupons Scott Sparkle.com Old El Paso Birdseye.com Campbell's coupons Hopster.com offers Boxtops4education.com Kellogg's Family Rewards coupons Pillsbury.com coupons show all Credits Web Editor Faye Prosser Copyright 2017 by Capitol Broadcasting Company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Triangle Area Special Offers UNC Core Program for Active Duty Military Personnel Myrtle Beach Specials - Book Now & Save Free Credit Score - No Card Required! Save 50% Off Your Pella Windows Installation PLUS 0% APR for 36-Months Myrtle Beach Spring Deals - Save Up to 40% Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Subscribe to RSS feed Close Comments Comments Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First Newest First View all Meet the Author Contributors Faye Prosser WRAL Smart Shopper Connect Follow Follow Subscribe Search Printable coupons Coupon websites Kids eat free database Search other WRAL recipes Resources Frugal Living and Couponing 101 Coupon policies and reward programs Smart Spending workshop schedule Smart Spending Resources website Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Out and About Downtown Nightlife Photos: May 30-June 5 Weather Weather maps and cams Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting State News Boat explodes after gas was pumped into fishing rod holder Local News Clayton DWI checkpoint yields 7 arrests, 84 charges and citations News Evening Pick 3 Pick 4 and Cash 5 Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast House & Home Expert tips for buying your first home in the Triangle Go Ask Mom Amanda Lamb: You are beautiful Go Ask Mom Raleigh's indoor playground sets summer hours National News Police respond to incident at London Bridge; multiple casualties reported Food 6 ways to cut your cancer risk when grilling food Lifestyles Young men seek barbecue dad for Father's Day weekend Go Ask Mom Reminder: Museum of Life and Science's expanded hours start Sunday Local News Schedule: 2017 High school graduations News Have You Seen This? Massive underground pipe explosion Local News Night sky glows red as apartment building burns in downtown Raleigh SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Go Ask Mom Wake Forest makes plans to open sprayground in July, pool in 2018 Family 5 tips for stress-free summer Out and About Wonder Woman: Here to save the DC Universe Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Political News Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting World News 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Local News Local Muslims on London attacks: 'We respect the sanctity of life' Local News Police: No one injured after drive-by shooting at Durham nightclub SmartShopper How did you do at Super Doubles? SmartShopper What's for dinner this weekend? @NCCapitol Jordan Lake pollution gets another experimental treatment in House budget SmartShopper Harris Teeter Super Doubles Deals list Go Ask Mom Want to prevent drownings? Don't let kids play breath-holding games SPONSOR Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Out and About Downtown Nightlife Photos: May 30-June 5 Weather Weather maps and cams Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting State News Boat explodes after gas was pumped into fishing rod holder Local News Clayton DWI checkpoint yields 7 arrests, 84 charges and citations News Evening Pick 3 Pick 4 and Cash 5 Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast House & Home Expert tips for buying your first home in the Triangle Go Ask Mom Amanda Lamb: You are beautiful Go Ask Mom Raleigh's indoor playground sets summer hours National News Police respond to incident at London Bridge; multiple casualties reported Food 6 ways to cut your cancer risk when grilling food Lifestyles Young men seek barbecue dad for Father's Day weekend Go Ask Mom Reminder: Museum of Life and Science's expanded hours start Sunday Local News Schedule: 2017 High school graduations News Have You Seen This? Massive underground pipe explosion Local News Night sky glows red as apartment building burns in downtown Raleigh SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Go Ask Mom Wake Forest makes plans to open sprayground in July, pool in 2018 Family 5 tips for stress-free summer Out and About Wonder Woman: Here to save the DC Universe Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Political News Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting World News 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Local News Local Muslims on London attacks: 'We respect the sanctity of life' Local News Police: No one injured after drive-by shooting at Durham nightclub SmartShopper How did you do at Super Doubles? SmartShopper What's for dinner this weekend? @NCCapitol Jordan Lake pollution gets another experimental treatment in House budget SmartShopper Harris Teeter Super Doubles Deals list Go Ask Mom Want to prevent drownings? Don't let kids play breath-holding games WRAL.com RALEIGH • DURHAM FAYETTEVILLE About Us Help Contact Us Advertising WRAL Digital Solutions Ad Choices Mobile Privacy Terms of Use FCC Public File Closed Captioning Contests ©2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. Follow us on Facebook Twitter
News Sports Living Obits Item Banner Cars Jobs E-Edition Subscriber Services log in Site Site Archive Stocks slide as banks, energy companies sink Wednesday May 31, 2017 at 11:12 AM May 31, 2017 at 4:34 PM The Associated Press NEW YORK — U.S. stocks are slipping for the second day in a row Wednesday, led by a slump in banks as investors worry how their trading businesses are doing this quarter. Energy companies are falling with the price of oil. Big technology companies and small-company stocks are also down. Those declines are canceling out gains for drug companies and household products makers. KEEPING SCORE: The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 4 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,408 as of 2:45 p.m. Eastern time. The Dow Jones industrial average dropped 34 points, or 0.2 percent, to 20,995. The Nasdaq composite fell 19 points, or 0.3 percent, to 6,184. The Russell 2000 index of small-company stocks again did worse than the other major indexes. It retreated 5 points, or 0.4 percent, to 1,365. The S&P 500 is on track to finish May with a 1 percent gain. After a three-month losing streak last summer it has risen six out of the last seven months. BANKS: Banks fell as investors worried that their revenue from trading stocks, bonds and currencies is going to weaken in the second quarter. Executives from JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America both spoke about that issue at industry events on Wednesday. Bank of America CEO Brian Moynihan said trading revenue will fall 10 percent compared to a year ago. The banking industry had an outstanding first quarter, and trading was a key reason for that. JPMorgan Chase fell $1.87, or 2.2 percent, to $82.03 and Capital One slumped $1.63, or 2.1 percent, to $76.65. Goldman Sachs, which had an unusually bad quarter as its trading business struggled, gave up $7.28, or 3.3 percent, to $211.14. Bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.20 percent from 2.21 percent. That also hurt banks, as lower bond yields force interest rates lower on loans, reducing banks' profits from lending. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude lost $1.34, or 2.7 percent, to $48.32 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the standard for international oil prices, fell $1.53, or 3 percent, to $50.31 a barrel in London. Energy stocks continued to decline. Chevron sank 61 cents to $103.45 and Hess declined $1.04, or 2.2 percent, to $45.63. FEELING BETTER: Pfizer rose 58 cents, or 1.8 percent, to $32.71 and Irish drugmaker Perrigo climbed $3.71, or 5.5 percent, to $71.63 after its first-quarter report was better than expected. Health care products maker Johnson & Johnson advanced $1.45, or 1.1 percent, to $128.56. Household products companies also rose. Clorox gained $1.31, or 1 percent, to $136.24 and Kimberly-Clark, which makes Huggies diapers and Kleenex tissue, picked up $1.98, or 1.5 percent, to $130.95. Procter & Gamble, which makes Tide detergent and Charmin toilet paper, advanced 77 cents to $88.17. KORS GETS CORED: Michael Kors Holdings hit a five-year low after it said it will close up to 125 stores as its sales have remained weak. The luxury retailer said sales at older stores dropped in its latest quarter and investors were disappointed with its projections for the current quarter. The stock tumbled $3.51, or 9.7 percent, to $32.76. CLOUDY DAY FOR SOLAR: Solar power companies took losses as investors expected President Donald Trump to pull the U.S. out of the Paris climate change agreement. Officials from the European Union said the EU and China will maintain their commitments to the pact. Shares of First Solar, the largest U.S. solar company, declined 92 cents, or 2.3 percent, to $38.58. SunPower fell 23 cents, or 2.8 percent, to $7.92 while solar wafer maker Canadian Solar retreated 73 cents, or 5.4 percent, to $12.81. HITTING RESET: Technology companies turned lower. The tech sector has reached its highest levels since the dot-com boom and companies like Apple, Google parent Alphabet and Facebook have done far better than the rest of the market in 2017. Apple and Facebook are up 32 percent this year, and Alphabet is up 24 percent. All three slid Wednesday. CURRENCIES: The dollar slipped to 110.68 yen from 110.78 yen. The euro rose to $1.1239 from $1.1188. The British pound rose to $1.2882 from $1.2813. The currency was volatile after polls and surveys showed the general election on June 8 might be closer than expected. Early on, observers expected the Conservative Party of Prime Minister Theresa May to win in a landslide. May supports Britain's exit from the European Union, and if she wins a smaller majority, it could hurt her side as Britain negotiates its departure from the union. OTHER ENERGY TRADING: Wholesale gasoline lost 3 cents to $1.61 a gallon. Heating oil gave up 3 cents to $1.52 a gallon. Natural gas dropped 7 cents to $3.07 per 1,000 cubic feet. METALS: Gold rose $9.70 to $1,265.40 an ounce. Silver fell 2 cents to $17.41 an ounce. Copper gained 2 cents to $2.58 a pound. OVERSEAS: European stocks gave up an early gain. The DAX in Germany remained up 0.1 percent, but France's CAC 40 lost 0.4 percent and the British FTSE 100 fell 0.1 percent. Japan's Nikkei 225 index dipped 0.1 percent and South Korea's Kospi gained 0.2 percent. The Hang Seng in Hong Kong inched down 0.1 percent. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services My Profile Register/Subscribe Subscriber Services T&G E-Edition Worcester Living E-Edition NIE Business Matters Coupon Values FAQ Photo reprints (non-commercial use) Commercial photo licenses Advertising Advertising Contacts Propel Marketing - Digital Marketplace Media Kit Place an Ad Pay Your Ad Bill Jobs Real Estate Pets Legal Notices News Contact Us Letters to the Editor Submit a Press Release Events Copyright/Terms of Use Marketing About Us Visions Contact Us The Item The Banner Reprints & Licensing Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. telegram.com ~ 100 Front St., Floor 5, Worcester MA 01608 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Worcester Police & Fire Courts Government Education New England Nation & World Shareable Databases Region North South/West East/Valley Columnists Local Photos Local Video Sports Hometeam Red Sox Patriots Bruins Celtics Columnists Auto Racing Opinion Editorials Columnists As I See It Letters Cartoons Blogs Living Things to do Movie showtimes Entertainment Food Lifestyle Columnists Calendar Business Local Business Business Matters Business People Markets Columnists Obituaries Submit Obituary Obituary FAQ More Photos Videos TV Listings Movies Then & Now Worcester Worcester Living Hometeam Traffic Lottery The Item The Banner Services Merchants Dining Contests Branded Content Celebrations Classifieds Propel T&G Santa Woo Challenge Virtual Job Fair Best of Hometeam Subscriber My Profile E-Edition Subscriber Services Register/Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Marketplace Cars Jobs Homes Place an Ad Pay Your Ad Bill Propel Marketing Services Careers at the T&G Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Europe Skin Care (Face Creams and Body Lotion) Market 2016-2022 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 31 May, 2017, 16:00 ET Share this article DUBLIN, May 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Europe Skin Care Market (2016-2022)" report to their offering. Skin Care Products are used extensively by the population for maintaining and improving the appearance of face and other body parts. The Skin Care products include face packs, creams, moisturizer, lotions, and conditioners among others. These products help in conditioning the skin, protecting the skin from environmental dust, oil & pollution and also clean makeup and soils. Anti-Ageing products are trending among the population. People wishes to look young and natural with the ages. Skin Care Specialists are recommending about the usage of skin care products for cleansing, moisturizing, sun protection, and use of retinoid in the middle adult age. Controlling acne is also very important in these ages. Additionally, Skin lightning creams are also witnessing prominent adoption among the population owing to the desire for skin lighting and also obsession for fairness among both men and women. Now days, facial exfoliate such as peeler and scrub are also trending among population. Hence, the launch of more exfoliates products would be expected in recent time. The market for skin care products has been segmented on the basis of type and region. Based on Country, the market has been segmented into Face Creams and Body Lotion. Face Creams are further segmented into Anti-Ageing Cream, Skin Brightening Creams, and Sun Protection. On the other hand, Body lotions are divided into Mass Market Body Care Lotion, Premium Body Care. Based on the Country, the market is segmented into Germany, UK, France, Russia, Spain, Italy, and Rest of Europe. The key players operating in Johnson & Johnson Unilever Estée Lauder Companies Inc. Shiseido Co. Ltd. Kao Corporation Avon Products Inc. Procter & Gamble Co. Colgate-Palmolive Company Key Topics Covered: 1. Market Scope & Methodology 2. Executive Summary 3. Market Overview 4. Europe Skin Care Products Market 5. Europe Skin Care Products Market by Country 6. Company Profiles For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/dhgp7v/europe_skin_care Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/europe-skin-care-face-creams-and-body-lotion-market-2016-2022---research-and-markets-300465462.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 31 May, 2017, 16:10 ET Preview: North America Industrial Robotics Market Research Report 2017 - Research and Markets 31 May, 2017, 15:50 ET Preview: Europe Flexible Printed Circuit Boards Market, 2022 - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 02 Jun, 2017, 19:20 ET Global Influenza Drugs and Vaccines Market 2016-2021:By Drugs... 02 Jun, 2017, 19:20 ET India Video Surveillance as a Service Market,-2023: Market is... Explore More news releases in similar topics Cosmetics and Personal Care Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Europe Skin Care (Face Creams and Body Lotion) Market 2016-2022 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 31 May, 2017, 16:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
RestaurantNewsRelease.com Restaurant News and Press Release Distribution Home About Contact Privacy Policy Submit Release Pei Wei Names Brandon Solano CMO Wednesday, May 31st, 2017   Pan-Asian fast casual leader taps award-winning marketing exec Brandon Solano Brandon Solano Scottsdale, AZ  (Restaurant News Release)  Pei Wei, the leader in delivering a handcrafted, Pan-Asian culinary experience, has named Brandon Solano chief marketing officer after an extensive national search. Solano, an award-winning marketing and brand development executive, has vast experience within the restaurant industry. He most recently served as CMO for Papa Murphy’s Pizza, and held senior leadership positions with Wendy’s and Domino’s Pizza. “I know firsthand Brandon’s creativity, passion and ability to drive results through marketing strategies and brand development,” said Pei Wei CEO J. Hedrick. “Brandon will be a key asset to the Pei Wei leadership team as we continue to build and deliver on our brand promise.” “I joined Pei Wei because I believe in the vision and leadership of the executive team who is fiercely committed to winning and puts people first,” said Solano. “As a foodie, I love the brand and appreciate the unique space that Pei Wei occupies in the fast casual industry, particularly when it comes to Pei Wei’s dedication to quality food and handcrafted care.” In addition to his restaurant leadership experience, Solano experience marketing top brands including Hershey’s, Kellogg’s and Proctor & Gamble. He holds a bachelor’s degree in public relations from Grand Valley State University and an MBA from the University of Notre Dame. About Pei Wei Founded in 2000, Scottsdale, Arizona-based Pei Wei is a Pan-Asian, fast casual restaurant that offers guests a way to eat well, be well and live well. Pei Wei prepares each dish to order using freshly chopped ingredients, purposely chosen for nutrition as well as flavor, and in the tradition of ancient Asian cooking methods. Menu offerings include lettuce wraps, salads, sushi, quinoa bowls and Wok Classics that can be easily customized for any palate or diet, including gluten-free and vegetarian. Pei Wei owns and operates more than 200 restaurants in 21 states. For more information, visit www.peiwei.com, and the latest Pei Wei news is also on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Contacts: Katie McKenzie or Loren Rutledge Katie@spmcommunications.com Loren@spmcommunications.com 817-329-3257 Latest Restaurant News The Country’s First Kosher Certified Tavern Opens at Historic Railroad Stop New Zinburger Wine & Burger Bar in Edison To Host Job Fair June 2 – June 13 Captain D’s Accelerates Louisiana Expansion with Opening of New Zachary Restaurant Your Pie Announces Return of Summertime Fan-Favorite: Peach Prosciutto Pie NPC International, Inc. Announces Acquisition of 140 Wendy’s Restaurants from The Wendy’s Company Legendary Baking Brings Home 63 Blue Ribbon Awards from 2017 National Pie Championships Brick House Tavern + Tap Launches “Taste Freedom” Campaign Juice It Up! Named a 2017 Fast Casual Top Mover & Shaker Sacramento To Welcome Its 1st Bennigan’s Dickey’s Barbecue, Boots & Badges Foundation Provides 50 Life-Saving Vests for Local Officers Togo’s Announces Glenn Lunde as New President Seasoned Restaurant Executive, Tony Wehner, Named COO of Bar Louie Quaker Steak & Lube partners with Wounded Warriors Family Support for High Five Tour 2017 Krystal Serves up a Southern-Style Breakfast Deal Dickey’s Barbecue Fires Up for a Slow-Smoked Summer of Sandwiches Copyright © RestaurantNewsRelease.com
Press Esc to close Monday 05 June 2017 News updated at 10:21 AM IST epaper  Home   News   District   City   Point Blank - Bengaluru   State   National   International   Business   DH Wheels   Supplements   Sunday   Sportscene   Sunday Herald   Travel   Articulations   Books   Art & Culture   Entertainment   Monday   Cyber Space   Family Finance   Economy & Business   Art Review   Metrolife   Tuesday   Spectrum   Science & Technology   Environment   Wednesday   Metrolife   Thursday   Metrolife   DH Education   Friday   Homes & Interiors   Metrolife   Saturday   Movie Review   She   Living   Metrolife   Champions Trophy   Sports   Entertainment   Videos   Opinion   Edits   First Edit   Second Edit   Main Article   In Perspective   Right in the Middle   Columns   Oasis   Analysis   Panorama   Special Features   Sunday Spotlight   Kitchen   Recipe   Archives   DH Classifieds    Coast Guard saves 39 lives from bad weather      Saudi, Bahrain, Egypt, UAE cut ties with Qatar over terrorism      Four militants killed as CRPF repel fidayeen attack in Kashmir      Umpire Ravi passes away      Zidane pep talk did the trick      Real remain masters of Europe      Pakistan bow to Indian might      Pakistan bow to Indian might      IT employee unions for 'compassionate unionism'      'India GDP growth to remain flat at 7.1%'      Demonetisation will help boost revenues in long run: World Bank      PSBs plan to raise Rs 58k cr this fiscal      RCom: Telecom industry's cash deficit at Rs 1.2 L cr      Kohli, Yuvraj fire India to 319/3 in rain-hit tie      Play resumes, match reduced to 48-over a side      Terror funding probe: NIA continues raids in J&K      Punjab police arrest three ISI backed ISYF terrorists      Dissatisfied with probe, Anurag Tiwari's family mulls moving court      Molestation victims sought to lodge report, harassed by cop      Pakistan put India in to bat      Kohli, Yuvraj fire India to 319/3 in rain-hit tie      As CBI court holds Babri hearings, temple issue hots up in UP      Trump speaks with Theresa May on brutal London terror attacks      Witnesses share horrific tales of attack in central London      Modi expresses anguish over London attacks      Two-goal Ronaldo fires Real to 12th European title      7 killed, 48 injured as terror attacks strike heart of London      Raghu, Misha sail into final      Food as aesthetic symbol and its afterlives      Cattle rule puts lives at stake      TYGR taxis to ply on Bengaluru roads soon      Ind-Ra revises outlook on Vedanta to stable      BoB signs agreement with SFAC      Textile industry welcomes 5% GST      Big US firms stay on White House panel despite climate jolt      Property prices set to drop post-July 1      Cisco India on talent grooming drive      Sona BLW expands Hungary facility      'More hybrids you sell, greater the chances of EV success'      Gujarat govt notifies amended law with provision of life-term for cow slaughter      Govt retains Rohatgi as Attorney General and Kumar as Solicitor General      PM Modi to hold talks with new French President      ED issues fresh summons to separatist leader Shabir Shah      The little-known of replica of Gateway of India!      Grand old man of Indian Politics, Karunanidhi turns 94 today      'CBI fear' driving officers away, Kejriwal may hire outsiders to run CMO      ISIS failed in India despite large Muslim population: Rajnath      Two jawans killed as militants attack Army convoy in J-K      No special arrangements for my visits, Adityanath tells officials      'Trump's climate claims on China, India false'      Dual Battle for India: Pakistan on field, controversy off it      Maneka Gandhi to be operated for gallstones in AIIMS      India squander lead; lose 1-2 to Belgium      CBI busts transfer racket at Army headquarters, arrests two      NIA raids in Kashmir, Delhi, Haryana over terror funding      Ceasefire violation in 2 sectors in Poonch, woman injured     Next Story BTC meeting to decide on racing schedule Read more >> You are here: Home » Sports » Team India will leave off-field distractions behind, asserts Laxman Team India will leave off-field distractions behind, asserts Laxman Vivek MV, DH News Service, Bengaluru, Jun 1 2017, 0:34 IST VVS Laxman. PTI file image. Despite the off-field tensions, India have made the right beginning to their Champions Trophy title defence by producing fine performances in the two warm-up games. Staying away from controversies and focusing on the responsibilities at hand will be the best way forward for the men-in-blue, feels legendary batsman VVS Laxman. If the uncertainty over their participation in the tournament was the first controversy that hit them, the team is once again in focus, this time over an alleged rift between skipper Virat Kohli and coach Anil Kumble. Despite the negative stories, Laxman is confident the players will concentrate only on the campaign. “I believe that all the distractions will be kept aside when the team walks on to the park. The way they performed in the warm-up games shows they are focusing on the job at hand. When you play for your country, all you want to do is go out and give your best. You are representing a billion people, there is so much expectations. We also need to remember that the 2019 ICC World Cup is in England. If India can do well in this Champions Trophy, then they go to that World Cup with a lot of confidence,” Laxman said on the sidelines of P&G Shiksha Superhero, an initiative to educate and impact the lives of underprivileged children. India do not enjoy a good record against their arch-rivals in Champions Trophy, winning only one of their three encounters so far. “It’s good to get the tough match at first. I have always believed that when you play against Pakistan it is important to remove all the distractions from your mind. India must focus on the task at hand and I am sure Virat will be telling his team the same. The idea is to go out, express themselves and play their natural game,” the former India batsman explained. When India lifted their second Champions Trophy title in 2013, it was a young side that clicked as a group. Laxman felt the current squad is better thanks to the experience it holds. “Definitely, this squad is more experienced. A lot of players from that side are still the nucleus of this team. Every player evolves. Take the example of Umesh Yadav... the way he has evolved since 2013.. more mature, understands his bowling a lot more,” he noted. Email this page Print this page Tweet Go to Top Videos Real Madrid win a record 12th European Cup with a 4-1 win over Juventus Surfing legend, wetsuit pioneer Jack O'Neill dies at 94 Champions Trophy: Men in blue sweat themselves day before much-awaited Indo-Pak match There are no problems between me and coach Kumble, says Kohli Benfica say goalkeeper Ederson to join Manchester City Florida police release Tiger Woods arrest video Australia and New Zealand captains look ahead to opening match Manchester United outclass Ajax to win Europa League Steve Smith hoping cricket dispute is resolved soon Videos more Militants stage deadly terror attack in London BSF soldiers hail 'Men in Blue' by performing Bhangra Police chief confirms nine deaths - including three attackers in London attack Congress protests against Indo-Pak match, burns Pakistan flag Bhanwari Devi murder case: Accused Indira Bishnoi arrested Coast Guard rescues 31 personnel off sinking barge Thieves loot Rs. 4 lakh meant for marriage Police arrests 5, seizes Rs 1.15 crore demonetised currency Real Madrid win a record 12th European Cup with a 4-1 win over Juventus Surfing legend, wetsuit pioneer Jack O'Neill dies at 94 Most popular stories now Commented Emailed Viewed 1.IIT-M student attacked after participating in 'beef feast' 2.Rajasthan HC wants cow to be declared national animal 3.I am reading Upanishads, Gita to take on RSS, BJP: Rahul 4.Sooraj undergoes eye surgery, friends say protests planned 5.When the coast is compromised 1.Bikes used for wheelies could be junked, warn cops 2.Playing peekaboo with the past 3.Music and dance reviews 4.Saudi, Bahrain, Egypt, UAE cut ties with Qatar over terrorism 5.Airport train, beyond Metro 1. Airport train, beyond Metro 2. 7 killed, 48 injured as terror attacks strike heart of London 3. India outclass Pakistan 4. Are you on Twitter? US Journalist asks Modi, gets trolled on social media 5. 5-year-old girl in shock after brutal sex assault Photo Gallery Indian cricketers watch Pakistan's Shoaib Malik leave the field after he was dismissed by Ravindra . India's Ravindra Jadeja, celebrates the dismissal of Pakistan's Azhar Ali during the ICC Champions Teammates congratulate India's Ravindra Jadeja, third left, for taking a catch to dismiss Pakistan's Pakistan's Shadab Khan celebrates with captain Sarfraz Ahmed... Indian cricket captain Virat Kohli, left, and Rohit Sharma... India's Shikhar Dhawan, right, and Rohit Sharma... Pakistan's Wahab Riaz bowls during the ICC Champions Trophy... India captain Virat Kohli waits to lead his team... Police officers stand by a cordoned-off staircase in San Carlo Square in Turin, Italy... Priests and devotees offer prayers at Har ki Paidi... more Like us on Facebook About Us | News | Business | Sports | Supplements | Contact Us | Privacy Policy Copyright 2017, The Printers (Mysore) Private Ltd., 75, M.G Road, Post Box 5331, Bengaluru - 560001 Tel: +91 (80) 25880000 Fax No. +91 (80) 25880523 Powered by Yodasoft Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: muscatinejournal.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Customer Service Subscribe Sections e-Edition Customer Service Contact Us Subscriptions News Crime Opinion Sports Submit news Calendar Hometown Obituaries Sports High school College Entertainment Games & Puzzles People Weekly Ads Classifieds Business Directory Jobs Cars Real Estate Place an ad Newspaper Ads Special sections Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 73° Muscatine, IA (52761) Today Mostly cloudy skies this morning will become partly cloudy this afternoon. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. High around 90F. Winds WNW at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Clear skies. Low 59F. Winds NNW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: June 4, 2017 @ 7:35 am Full Forecast Obits Opinion Local Crime & Courts Classifieds Sports Close Mark Lennihan FILE - In this Wednesday, Oct. 8, 2014, file photo, a statue of George Washington stands near The New York Stock Exchange, in background. U.S. stock indexes are falling for the second day in a row Wednesday, May 31, 2017, as energy companies tumble with the price of oil. Banks also slipped following a drop in bond yields and interest rates the day before. Technology companies continued to surge. Chipmaker Analog Devices is up after its quarterly results were better than Wall Street had expected. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) AP Most Asian stock markets rise after Wall Street loss By JOE McDONALD AP Business Writer May 31, 2017 Updated May 31, 2017 0 Mark Lennihan FILE - In this Wednesday, Oct. 8, 2014, file photo, a statue of George Washington stands near The New York Stock Exchange, in background. U.S. stock indexes are falling for the second day in a row Wednesday, May 31, 2017, as energy companies tumble with the price of oil. Banks also slipped following a drop in bond yields and interest rates the day before. Technology companies continued to surge. Chipmaker Analog Devices is up after its quarterly results were better than Wall Street had expected. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) BEIJING (AP) — Chinese stocks declined Thursday after a survey showed manufacturing weakening while other Asian markets gained after Wall Street fell for a second day. KEEPING SCORE: The Shanghai Composite Index lost 0.5 percent to 3,102.21 while Tokyo's Nikkei 225 gained 1 percent to 19,854.27. Hong Kong's Hang Seng advanced 0.4 percent to 25,752.44 and Seoul's Kospi shed 0.1 percent to 2,344.29. Sydney's S&P-ASX 200 gained 0.2 percent to 5,733.90 and benchmarks in New Zealand, Taiwan and Southeast Asia also advanced. WALL STREET: U.S. stocks fell on a sharp drop for banks and a rare loss for tech companies. That offset gains for drug makers and consumer-focused companies. Banks fell after executives from JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America said their trading businesses are having a rough second quarter. Energy companies fell with oil prices. Investors picked consumer-focused companies, drug makers and high-dividend utilities and household goods companies. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost less than 0.1 percent to 2,411.80. The Dow Jones industrial average dropped 0.1 percent to 21,008.65. CHINESE MANUFACTURING: The Chinese business magazine Caixin said its purchasing managers' index declined for a third month, falling to 49.6 from April's 50.3 on a 100-point scale on which numbers below 50 show activity contracting. That came after a separate PMI on Wednesday by the National Bureau of Statistics and an industry group, the China Federation of Logistics and Purchasing, improved to 54.5 from 54. "Yesterday's official PMI reading had hinted at growth having remained broadly stable last month," said Julian Evans-Pritchard of Capital Economics in a report. "But today's downbeat unofficial PMI suggests conditions may not have held up as well as previously thought." Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! MuscatineJournal.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. TRUMP AND CLIMATE: President Donald Trump was preparing to announce a decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord. Trump promoted his announcement Wednesday night on Twitter, after a day in which U.S. allies around the world sounded alarms about the likely consequences of a U.S. withdrawal. Trump himself kept everyone in suspense, saying he was still listening to "a lot of people both ways." Abandoning the pact would isolate the U.S. from allies who spent years negotiating the 2015 agreement to fight global warming by reducing carbon emissions. Withdrawing would leave the United States aligned only with Russia among the world's industrialized economies. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. oil gained 38 cents to $48.70 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract plunged $1.34 on Wednesday to close at $48.32. Brent crude, used to price international oils, advanced 40 cents to $51.16 in London. It dropped $1.48 the previous session. CURRENCY: The dollar gained to 110.92 yen from Wednesday's 110.76. The euro edged down to $1.1244 from $1.1247. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags Wire Business General News Oil And Gas Industry Energy Industry Brent Crude Markets Crude Oil Markets Energy Markets Commodity Markets Financial Markets Banking And Credit Financial Services Pound Sterling Currency Markets Stock Indices And Averages Stock Markets Stock Prices Leading Economic Indicators Economy Japanese Yen Technology Electronic Parts Manufacturing Industrial Products And Services × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Trending now Morgan ready to take on 'dream job' as Muscatine athletic director Highway 61 traffic cam turned off while Muscatine appeals court ruling Muscatine police looking for information in assault investigation Lynne Weber Longtime waitress spreads her wings to open Birdsley's Diner Business Directory Latest Local Offers Non-Emergency Transport Non-Emergency Transport Specializes in Non-Emergency Trips like Doctors Appointments, Rides to the Aiprort and More! Click Here for Details! 563-299-3513 Updated Jun 2, 2017 Non-Emergency Transport Do you need a prompt, safe and comfortable ride to the airport? Non-Emergency Transport offers rides to the The Eastern Iowa Airport and Quad City International Airport! Updated Jun 2, 2017 Latest e-Edition The Muscatine Journal 7 hours ago Related Related Page A1 Page A2 Page A3 Page A4 Page A5 Page A6 Page A7 Page A8 (0) More on this topic Grande to return to stage Sunday for Manchester benefit show NY officer dragged by car, critically injured; 2 in custody South Sudan's war leaves disabled, elderly at special risk Trump points to travel ban after reports of London attacks 50 years on, Israel keeps tight grip on Palestinian economy Currents Entertainment Slideshow: Best-selling books Food Where are the bakery capitals of America? Pets Which dog breeds live the longest? Today’s top pics: World reacts to Trump declaration and more Your daily 6: A champ who 'knew them all,' Penn State sentencing and Kathy Griffin grilled Today In History, June 2: Lou Gehrig Today's Birthdays, June 2: Dana Carvey Russia becomes a reliable pipeline for ready-made NHL talent Liam Gallagher wants Oasis reunion Patty Jenkins' heart sank when Gal Gadot was cast in Wonder Woman Tina Lawson spoils grandkids Latest Local Offers Beckey Insurance & Financial Services is here to help you with all your term life insurance questions. Call today for more information - 563-263-9700 Establishing, reviewing, and updating your personal insurance plans and products can be a da… Beckey Insurance & Financial Services 102 W 2nd St , Muscatine, IA 52761 563-263-9700 Ads Ask me today about our Employee Benefits (Group Health, Group Life, Group Disability) • Succession Plans • Call today for more information - 563-263-9700 Beckey Insurance and Financial Services assists its small business clients with choosing an … Beckey Insurance & Financial Services 102 W 2nd St , Muscatine, IA 52761 563-263-9700 Ads Non-Emergency Transport Specializes in Non-Emergency Trips like Doctors Appointments, Rides to the Aiprort and More! Click Here for Details! 563-299-3513 Non-Emergency Transport offers flexible transportation 24 hours per day, 7 days per week inc… Non-Emergency Transport Serving Muscatine & Surrounding Areas, Muscatine, IA 52761 563-299-3513 Currently Open Ads TODAY'S TOP VIDEO LeBron James slams racism in America See British PM's full remarks on terror attack Theresa May: 'Enough is enough' Witness: 'I thought it was game over' Sites & Partners muscatinejournal.com qctimes.com Hawkmania.com Topics & Features Obituaries e-Edition Weather Contact us River levels Online features Tools & Services Buy Photos © Copyright 2017 The Muscatine Journal, 301 E. 3rd St Muscatine, IA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Home About Subscribe Send News Advertising Restaurant Franchise Classifieds Restaurant Jobs Contact Privacy Pei Wei Names Brandon Solano CMO May 31, 2017 · Pan-Asian fast casual leader taps award-winning marketing exec Brandon Solano Brandon Solano Scottsdale, AZ  (RestaurantNews.com)  Pei Wei, the leader in delivering a handcrafted, Pan-Asian culinary experience, has named Brandon Solano chief marketing officer after an extensive national search. Solano, an award-winning marketing and brand development executive, has vast experience within the restaurant industry. He most recently served as CMO for Papa Murphy’s Pizza, and held senior leadership positions with Wendy’s and Domino’s Pizza. “I know firsthand Brandon’s creativity, passion and ability to drive results through marketing strategies and brand development,” said Pei Wei CEO J. Hedrick. “Brandon will be a key asset to the Pei Wei leadership team as we continue to build and deliver on our brand promise.” “I joined Pei Wei because I believe in the vision and leadership of the executive team who is fiercely committed to winning and puts people first,” said Solano. “As a foodie, I love the brand and appreciate the unique space that Pei Wei occupies in the fast casual industry, particularly when it comes to Pei Wei’s dedication to quality food and handcrafted care.” In addition to his restaurant leadership experience, Solano experience marketing top brands including Hershey’s, Kellogg’s and Proctor & Gamble. He holds a bachelor’s degree in public relations from Grand Valley State University and an MBA from the University of Notre Dame. About Pei Wei Founded in 2000, Scottsdale, Arizona-based Pei Wei is a Pan-Asian, fast casual restaurant that offers guests a way to eat well, be well and live well. Pei Wei prepares each dish to order using freshly chopped ingredients, purposely chosen for nutrition as well as flavor, and in the tradition of ancient Asian cooking methods. Menu offerings include lettuce wraps, salads, sushi, quinoa bowls and Wok Classics that can be easily customized for any palate or diet, including gluten-free and vegetarian. Pei Wei owns and operates more than 200 restaurants in 21 states. For more information, visit www.peiwei.com, and the latest Pei Wei news is also on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Contacts: Katie McKenzie or Loren Rutledge Katie@spmcommunications.com Loren@spmcommunications.com 817-329-3257 Share this post Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email Recommended for You The Country’s First Kosher Certified Tavern Opens at Historic Railroad Stop New Zinburger Wine & Burger Bar in Edison To Host Job Fair June 2 – June 13 Captain D’s Accelerates Louisiana Expansion with Opening of New Zachary Restaurant Your Pie Announces Return of Summertime Fan-Favorite: Peach Prosciutto Pie Restaurant Franchise Opportunities Recent Posts The Country’s First Kosher Certified Tavern Opens at Historic Railroad Stop New Zinburger Wine & Burger Bar in Edison To Host Job Fair June 2 – June 13 Captain D’s Accelerates Louisiana Expansion with Opening of New Zachary Restaurant Your Pie Announces Return of Summertime Fan-Favorite: Peach Prosciutto Pie NPC International, Inc. Announces Acquisition of 140 Wendy’s Restaurants from The Wendy’s Company Follow Us © 2017 RestaurantNews.com. All rights reserved.
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   News updated: 5/31/2017 9:43 PM Most Asian stock markets rise after Wall Street loss Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close FILE - In this Wednesday, Oct. 8, 2014, file photo, a statue of George Washington stands near The New York Stock Exchange, in background. U.S. stock indexes are falling for the second day in a row Wednesday, May 31, 2017, as energy companies tumble with the price of oil. Banks also slipped following a drop in bond yields and interest rates the day before. Technology companies continued to surge. Chipmaker Analog Devices is up after its quarterly results were better than Wall Street had expected. Associated Press   By JOE McDONALD     BEIJING -- Chinese stocks declined Thursday after a survey showed manufacturing weakening while other Asian markets gained after Wall Street fell for a second day. KEEPING SCORE: The Shanghai Composite Index lost 0.5 percent to 3,102.21 while Tokyo's Nikkei 225 gained 1 percent to 19,854.27. Hong Kong's Hang Seng advanced 0.4 percent to 25,752.44 and Seoul's Kospi shed 0.1 percent to 2,344.29. Sydney's S&P-ASX 200 gained 0.2 percent to 5,733.90 and benchmarks in New Zealand, Taiwan and Southeast Asia also advanced. WALL STREET: U.S. stocks fell on a sharp drop for banks and a rare loss for tech companies. That offset gains for drug makers and consumer-focused companies. Banks fell after executives from JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America said their trading businesses are having a rough second quarter. Energy companies fell with oil prices. Investors picked consumer-focused companies, drug makers and high-dividend utilities and household goods companies. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost less than 0.1 percent to 2,411.80. The Dow Jones industrial average dropped 0.1 percent to 21,008.65. CHINESE MANUFACTURING: The Chinese business magazine Caixin said its purchasing managers' index declined for a third month, falling to 49.6 from April's 50.3 on a 100-point scale on which numbers below 50 show activity contracting. That came after a separate PMI on Wednesday by the National Bureau of Statistics and an industry group, the China Federation of Logistics and Purchasing, improved to 54.5 from 54. "Yesterday's official PMI reading had hinted at growth having remained broadly stable last month," said Julian Evans-Pritchard of Capital Economics in a report. "But today's downbeat unofficial PMI suggests conditions may not have held up as well as previously thought." TRUMP AND CLIMATE: President Donald Trump was preparing to announce a decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord. Trump promoted his announcement Wednesday night on Twitter, after a day in which U.S. allies around the world sounded alarms about the likely consequences of a U.S. withdrawal. Trump himself kept everyone in suspense, saying he was still listening to "a lot of people both ways." Abandoning the pact would isolate the U.S. from allies who spent years negotiating the 2015 agreement to fight global warming by reducing carbon emissions. Withdrawing would leave the United States aligned only with Russia among the world's industrialized economies. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. oil gained 38 cents to $48.70 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract plunged $1.34 on Wednesday to close at $48.32. Brent crude, used to price international oils, advanced 40 cents to $51.16 in London. It dropped $1.48 the previous session. CURRENCY: The dollar gained to 110.92 yen from Wednesday's 110.76. The euro edged down to $1.1244 from $1.1247. Tweet This article filed under: News Nation/World Associated Press Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2017 Readers' Choice Daily Herald Events and Contests News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Motorcycling Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Get Your Summer On Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman DataNumen SQL Recovery 2.7 has been released! DataNumen SQL Recovery (DSR) is a powerful tool to repair and recover corrupt SQL Server MDF database files. It can scan the MDF files and associated NDF files, then recover your data in them as much as possible, so to minimize the loss in file corruption. Main Features: Support SQL Server 2005, 2008, 2008 R2, 2012, 2014, 2016. Support to recover the structure and data in the tables. Support to recover all data types, except for XML type. Support to recover sparse column. Support to recover deleted records. Support to recover multiple files, including MDF file and its associated NDF files. Support to output recovered data in MDF file or plain text file containing SQL statements that can reconstruct the database. Support to recover MDF/NDF data from undamaged or damaged VMWare VMDK(Virtual Machine Disk) files(*.vmdk), Virtual PC VHD(Virtual Hard Disk) files(*.vhd), Acronis True Image files(*.tib), Norton Ghost files(*.gho, *.v2i), Windows NTBackup files(*.bkf), ISO image files(*.iso) and Nero image files(*.nrg). Support to recover MDF and NDF files as large as 16TB. Support to repair MDF files on corrupted medias, such as floppy disks, Zip disks, CDROMs, etc. Support to repair a batch of MDF files. Integrated with Windows shell, so you can repair a MDF file with context menu in the Explorer easily. Support drag and drop operation. Support command line parameters. Homepage: www.datanumen.com/sql-recovery/ Contact us: pr@datanumen.com Company: DataNumen, Inc. Founded in 2001, DataNumen, Inc. is recognized as a world leader in data recovery technologies. We have sold our award-winning data recovery software in over 130 countries and to many of the largest businesses in the world, including AT&T Global Network Services, General Electric Co., IBM, HP, Dell Inc., Motorola Inc., The Procter & Gamble Co., FedEx Corp., Xerox Corp., Toyota Motor Corp. and many more. The fundamental mission of DataNumen, Inc. is to recover as much data from inadvertent data disasters as possible. With our advanced technologies, we strive to find out the best possible solutions for our clients and minimize the loss in data corruption due to various reasons, such as hardware failures, human misoperations, viruses or hacker attacks. DataNumen, Inc. is made up of a team of highly skilled data recovery professionals with diverse specialties. We are a young team with innovative ideas dedicated to producing the very best data recovery software in the world. DataNumen, Inc. Hong Kong Central 1301 Bank of America Tower Alan Chen submit@datanumen.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Propylene Carbonate Pump Market: Key Players, Capacity, Entry Strategies, Production & Forecast by 2021 Next PostNext North-American Industrial Chocolate Market -Trend & Forecast, 2016-2022 Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Contact Us News Opinion Letters Sports Prospecting Roadbeat Essentials Obituaries Real Estate Gallery Classifieds Advertisers 2,721 12 PLACERVILLE, CALIFORNIA News DayOne Response: Turning dirty water to clean, one bag at a time By Amanda Williams From page A1 | May 31, 2017 Albert Fausel, owner of Placerville Hardware, said he’s pleased to offer the DayOne water bags that filter dirty water to drinkable water at his Main Street store. Democrat photo by Amanda Williams FacebookTwitter FacebookTwitter DayOne Response Amy Cagle, an El Dorado County native who grew up in Pleasant Valley, knew she wanted to be a humanitarian in some fashion – she is doing just that. “We provide clean water for disaster relief. With any type of dirty water, including wastewater or highly contaminated water, the water bags turn it into clean water in 30 minutes. They are lightweight and easy to use.  The water bags remove all of the bacteria and viruses from the water,” said Cagle. DayOne Response has brought their water bags to several locations across the globe, including Nepal after a severe earthquake, in Haiti after a typhoon and in the Philippines. Right now, DayOne is responding to East Africa as it is experiencing a drought. An ah-ha moment for Cagle, she said, was a humanitarian relief effort DayOne responded to in Benin, West Africa. “The water had the color of chocolate milk and I saw it change to clear in the DayOne bag – it’s a life changing moment,” Cagle said. Cagle and the co-founder of the company, Trisha Markman, met in college when the idea came about. In 2010 the women started working together and idea turned into reality. Both women work as a team. Cagle is more the business side and Markman is more the engineering side, Cagle said. DayOne Response bags are for sale at the Placerville Hardware store on Main Street and are good for anyone wanting to go to a remote location where there may not be clean water available. Albert Fausel, third generation owner of Placerville Hardware, said he is excited to carry the merchandise. “I have been looking for a company like this.  For anyone who is going up to the high country this is a good thing to have,” Fausel said. How it works: A multiple treatment process is used for filtration of possible contaminated water to make it ready to drink. The package contains P&G flocculant/disinfectant packets and a turbidity filter. Simply fill the bag, which can hold up to 2.5 gallons, up to the fill-line, open one of the packets and add its contents to the water bag. Close it tightly and mix the contents of the packet with the water “vigorously” as it says on the packaging – wait 25 minutes before drinking. When the process of turning the dirty water to consumable water is finished, the water will be clear. The ladies at DayOne Response don’t seem to be slowing down anytime soon and would like to have a filtration system in a DayOne Response water bag someday that turns salt water into drinkable water.       FacebookTwitter Amanda Williams Story Archive Search Recent Posts Golden grads Golden Sierra High School graduation Pulling together Pulling together Maddy Denner Schedule: June 5-10, 2017 Moore captures first season victory at Speedway Denner takes two medals at state Sports Scene: June 5, 2017 SVC All League Subscribe via Email Enter your email address to subscribe and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address Special Publications » Contact Us | Customer Service Subscribe or Renew Print Edition Submission Forms Facebook Page Twitter Feed Home Source, June 2, 2017 Georgetown Divide Graduates 2017 Village Homes, May 31, 2017 Village Life, May 31, 2017 Happy Healthy Pets 2017 Home Source, May 26, 2017 Village Life, May 24, 2017 Stars and Stripes, May 22, 2017 Home Source, May 19, 2017 Village Homes, May 17, 2017 Spring Home Improvement 2017 Mountain Democrat Readers’ Choice 2016 Gold Country Wine Destinations 2017 Gold Mine Coupons, May 2017 Cameron Park Life, May 2017 Adventures, Spring/Summer 2017 Divide Women in Business 2017 St. Patrick’s Day Count for Cash 2017 Village Life Readers’ Choice 2016 El Dorado County Visitor’s Guide 2016-17 Women in Business 2017 Secrets of Success 2016 Folsom Life Magazine, Fall/Winter 2016 Winter Funtastic 2016 Miracle on Historical Main Street 2016 Leadership El Dorado Adventures, Fall/Winter 2016 El Dorado County Chamber Business Guide 2016 El Dorado County Chamber of Commerce 100th Anniversary Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service (updated 4/30/2015) and Privacy Policy (updated 4/7/2015). Copyright (c) 2017 McNaughton Newspapers, Inc., a family-owned local media company that proudly publishes the Daily Republic, Mountain Democrat, Davis Enterprise, Village Life, Winters Express and other community-driven publications.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Triad Retail Media Enters Mexico’s Thriving Digital Advertising Market ST. PETERSBURG, Fla.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Triad Retail Media, the global leader in digital retail media, today announced its entry into Mexico with a new office led by ad-industry executive Eduardo Picazo. This strategic move comes at a time when digital ad spending is expected to increase 25 percent to $1.46 billion in Mexico in 2017, according to eMarketer. Capitalizing on one of the largest advertising markets in the region, Triad Retail Media’s expanded footprint will help it deliver measureable value to even more retailers and brands seeking to convert online and mobile shoppers. Triad Retail Media executes digital media and monetization programs on behalf of the world’s largest retailers. Its high-impact advertising and content help brands influence and engage customers, which in turn add new profits to retailers’ e-commerce businesses. The company’s key partnerships will help fuel its continued growth in Mexico and eventually across Latin America. “We are thrilled to bring our digital retail media proposition to Mexico, a flourishing advertising market with recent double-digit growth,” said Sherry Smith, Global Chief Customer Officer of Triad Retail Media. “By opening a local office alongside our GroupM and Xaxis counterparts, we’ll be able to interface advertisers with retail clients, which will help retailers secure agency media budgets and help brands engage shoppers. And with his successful playbook in digital media, we are excited to have Eduardo Picazo help lead this important new juncture in our growth.” Picazo has 10 years of experience leading e-commerce and marketing programs. In his new role, he will be responsible for establishing strong local and national supplier relationships while driving awareness of digital media programs and their benefits to retailers and advertisers. Prior to joining Triad Retail Media, Picazo was Facebook’s e-commerce Industry Lead and an Account Manager at Google. He was also previously Operations Director at Xaxis, where he was one of the very first hires in Mexico, and he spent several years at Procter & Gamble. “I am very excited to be joining Triad Retail Media at a time when retailers and brands are increasingly focused on understanding and connecting with their customers,” said Eduardo Picazo, Triad Retail Media’s Managing Director in Mexico. “Triad’s ability to deliver outcome-driven programs based on high-impact, tech-enabled marketing and content services is extremely impressive, as is its world-class team, innovative product solutions and global client roster. I’m looking forward to working in collaboration with local and global teams to accelerate new business and drive quality client results.” About Triad Retail Media Triad Retail Media helps the world’s leading retailers create, manage and operate digital media programs, turning their highly trafficked websites into valuable publishing properties. Walmart U.S. and Mexico, eBay Australia, Asda, Toys”R”Us, CVS, Sam’s Club U.S. and Mexico, Staples, and Kohl’s are among the major global retailers that rely on Triad Retail Media to connect more than 1,000 brands with shoppers in the purchase mindset. Headquartered in St. Petersburg, Florida, with 600 team members in 13 offices worldwide, Triad Retail Media is the global leader in digital retail media. Founded in 2004, it is part of the WPP-owned Xaxis family of specialty companies. For more information, visit www.TriadRetail.com or its social media channels: LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Barium Chloride Dihydrate Market Growth by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast Analysis to 2022 Next PostNext Nickelodeon Introduces Interactive, Play-along Preschool Videos in NOGGIN App, June 1 on iOS Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 21,206 +62.11 +0.29% Nasdaq 6,306 +58.97 +0.94% S&P 500 2,439 +9.01 +0.37% 12:38 A.M. ET Updated Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, UAE sever diplomatic relations with Qatar 6/04 Updated Asian markets hold steady, shaking off U.K. tensions 6/04 Updated Herbalife to lower its quarterly sales outlook: report 6/04 Vladimir Putin was being a troll and Megyn Kelly wasn’t having it 6/04 Top Democrat says there’s smoke, but ‘no smoking gun’ yet in Russia probe 6/04 Updated This is why baby boomers are divorcing at a stunning rate 6/04 Putin denies U.S. election meddling, says he barely met Mike Flynn 6/04 Updated 4 lifestyle changes to reduce your cancer risk 6/04 Updated 9 secrets to staying young 6/04 Updated How to get all Americans to save for retirement 6/04 Updated When does the five-year rule apply to Roth IRAs? 6/04 Updated Facebook aims to be ‘hostile environment for terrorists’ 6/04 Updated You’ve probably never heard of the fastest-growing job in America (clue: it helps the environment) 6/04 Updated U.S. households now have as much debt as they had in 2008 6/04 Updated Baby boomers ruined America, according to this Generation X author 6/04 Updated Teenage boys and girls are choosing very different careers 6/04 Updated More evidence student debt is making young people think twice about marriage 6/04 Updated 11 ways to build a Paris climate change accord — in your own community 6/04 Updated Is my golfing buddy the cheapest guy in America? He asked me to Venmo him $1.50 6/04 Updated Want to help the environment? Use solar power — without putting panels on your roof Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Triad Retail Media Enters Mexico’s Thriving Digital Advertising Market By Published: May 31, 2017 1:00 p.m. ET Share Global expansion underscores digital media’s increasing importance in retail ST. PETERSBURG, Fla., May 31, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Triad Retail Media, the global leader in digital retail media, today announced its entry into Mexico with a new office led by ad-industry executive Eduardo Picazo. This strategic move comes at a time when digital ad spending is expected to increase 25 percent to $1.46 billion in Mexico in 2017, according to eMarketer. Capitalizing on one of the largest advertising markets in the region, Triad Retail Media’s expanded footprint will help it deliver measureable value to even more retailers and brands seeking to convert online and mobile shoppers. Triad Retail Media executes digital media and monetization programs on behalf of the world’s largest retailers. Its high-impact advertising and content help brands influence and engage customers, which in turn add new profits to retailers’ e-commerce businesses. The company’s key partnerships will help fuel its continued growth in Mexico and eventually across Latin America. “We are thrilled to bring our digital retail media proposition to Mexico, a flourishing advertising market with recent double-digit growth,” said Sherry Smith, Global Chief Customer Officer of Triad Retail Media. “By opening a local office alongside our GroupM and Xaxis counterparts, we’ll be able to interface advertisers with retail clients, which will help retailers secure agency media budgets and help brands engage shoppers. And with his successful playbook in digital media, we are excited to have Eduardo Picazo help lead this important new juncture in our growth.” Picazo has 10 years of experience leading e-commerce and marketing programs. In his new role, he will be responsible for establishing strong local and national supplier relationships while driving awareness of digital media programs and their benefits to retailers and advertisers. Prior to joining Triad Retail Media, Picazo was Facebook’s e-commerce Industry Lead and an Account Manager at Google. He was also previously Operations Director at Xaxis, where he was one of the very first hires in Mexico, and he spent several years at Procter & Gamble. “I am very excited to be joining Triad Retail Media at a time when retailers and brands are increasingly focused on understanding and connecting with their customers,” said Eduardo Picazo, Triad Retail Media’s Managing Director in Mexico. “Triad’s ability to deliver outcome-driven programs based on high-impact, tech-enabled marketing and content services is extremely impressive, as is its world-class team, innovative product solutions and global client roster. I’m looking forward to working in collaboration with local and global teams to accelerate new business and drive quality client results.” About Triad Retail Media Triad Retail Media helps the world’s leading retailers create, manage and operate digital media programs, turning their highly trafficked websites into valuable publishing properties. Walmart U.S. and Mexico, eBay Australia, Asda, Toys"R"Us, CVS, Sam’s Club U.S. and Mexico, Staples, and Kohl’s are among the major global retailers that rely on Triad Retail Media to connect more than 1,000 brands with shoppers in the purchase mindset. Headquartered in St. Petersburg, Florida, with 600 team members in 13 offices worldwide, Triad Retail Media is the global leader in digital retail media. Founded in 2004, it is part of the WPP-owned Xaxis family of specialty companies. For more information, visit www.TriadRetail.com or its social media channels: LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170531005941/en/ SOURCE: Triad Retail Media"> <Property FormalName="PrimaryTwitterHandle" Value="@TriadRetail Triad Retail Media Communications Misty Brown or Denise Wilson, 727-231-5121 pr@triadretail.com or Racepoint Global for Triad Retail Media Amanda Nadile, 617-624-3244 RPGTriadUS@racepointglobal.com Copyright Business Wire 2017 From MarketWatch More Coverage Trump Announcement on Paris Climate Accord Most Popular Stock market bracing for potentially the most explosive stretch of trading this year Harley-Davidson is recalling 57,000 motorcycles Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 Costco versus Amazon Prime — which membership offers more value? Trump Quits Climate Deal — Citing ‘America First’ MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Hand Sanitizers Market Is Expected To Reach Over US$ 2,900 Mn By 2025 – Credence Research New Market Research Reports Title “Global Hand Sanitizers Market Is Expected To Reach Over US$ 2,900 Mn By 2025 – Credence Research” Has Been Added to Credenceresearch.com Report Database. According to a new market report published by Credence Research “Global Hand Sanitizers Market Growth, Future Prospects and Competitive Analysis, 2017 – 2025,” the global hand sanitizers market is expected to reach over US$ 2,900 Mn by 2025, expanding at a CAGR of 12.9% from 2017 to 2025. Browse the full Global Hand Sanitizers Market by product type, Gel, Foam, Spray, Liquid, Others (Sanitizing Hand Wipes, etc.); by Sales Channel, Department Stores, Supermarkets And Hyper Markets, Convenience Stores, E-Tailers, Retail Pharmacy Stores; by Application Hospitals, Hotels and Restaurants, Household Purpose, Others (Corporates, Schools etc.) and by geography North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America and Middle East & Africa – Market Growth, Future Prospects and Competitive Analysis, 2017 – 2025 report at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/hand-sanitizer-market Market Insights On the basis of product type, the global hand sanitizer market is segmented into gel, foam, spray, liquid, others (sanitizing hand wipes, etc.). Among these, gel segment accounted for the largest segment by value and accounted for more than 35% share of the global market in 2016. Based on end use, the hand sanitizer market is categorized into hospitals, hotels and restaurants, household purpose and others (corporates, schools etc.). In 2016, hospital segment accounted for largest segment for hand sanitizers as hand sanitizers are used by physicians, patients and also the staff and visitors to prevent the spreading of contagious diseases. The complete report is available at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/hand-sanitizer-market The hand sanitizer market can be segmented based on sales channel as, department stores, supermarkets and hyper markets, convenience stores, e-tailers and retail pharmacy stores. The supermarket and hypermarket segment accounted for the largest revenue share in the global hand sanitizers market by sale channel in 2016. Owing to shifting trends towards modern retailing by end users. For the purpose of this study, the global hand sanitizer market is categorized into regional markets viz., North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and Latin America and Middle East and Africa. In base year 2016, North America was observed as the largest market for hand sanitizers followed by Europe and Asia Pacific. Asia Pacific is expected to achieve highest growth rate compared to other regions due to presence of countries such as China, India and Japan are observing significant industrial growth. Furthermore, the companies are focusing on expanding their business network, across regional markets. They are strengthening their market penetration by offering wide product range in the hand sanitizer segment. Due to relatively short lifetime of hand sanitizers, the need for new sanitizers is more. 3M Company, Chattem, Inc., Procter & Gamble (P&G) Company, Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc., Unilever Plc., GOJO Industries, Inc., Bath & Body Works, LLC., Best Sanitizers, Inc., Deb Group Ltd., Henkel Group, Kimberly-Clark Corporation., Medline Industries, Inc., Dial Corporation., etc. are few key manufacturers in global hand sanitizer market. Key Trends: – Product differentiation in terms of formulations and aesthetic bottle design: Key business strategy – Focus on developing skin-safe hand sanitizer gels – Growing application base (institutions, military, supermarkets, offices) – The campaigns and promotional efforts have positioned hand sanitizer gels as first line preventive measure against infection – Heightened fear of contamination experienced during recent viral epidemics driving demand for hand sanitizer gels Related Reports: Female Hygiene Products Market Oxygen Enriched Membrane Market About Credence Research: Credence Research is a worldwide market research and counseling firm that serves driving organizations, governments, non legislative associations, and not-for-benefits. We offer our customers some assistance with making enduring enhancements to their execution and understand their most imperative objectives. Over almost a century, we’ve manufactured a firm extraordinarily prepared to this task. Blog URL – http://www.mobilecomputingtoday.co.uk/5531/hand-sanitizers-market-expected-reach-2900-2025-credence-research/ Media Contact Company Name: Credence Research Contact Person: Chris Smith, Global Sales Manager Email: sales@credenceresearch.com Phone: +1-800-361-8290 Address:105 N 1st ST #429, SAN JOSE, CA 95103 US City: SAN JOSE State: California Country: United States Website: http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/hand-sanitizer-market CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Commodity Market, Marketing & Sales, Retail, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Samenvatting: Analogix introduceert ANX7447-reeks USB-C-poortcontrollers met versie 3.0 voor USB-voeding Next PostNext La minería de oro de OPALO busca retornos sociales positivos en Chile. Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
WHBQ Memphis LIVE http://www.fox13memphis.com/cmg-main-theme/css WHBQ Memphis SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your whbq profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 7249941 Home 7249947 Weather FOX13 Radar Hour by Hour Video Forecast Accuweather FOX13 Weather App 7249989 News Black History Month Politics News Videos Zika Virus Recalls 230989619 Family Focus Speaker Request Partners Resources Calendar Request Initiatives 7250109 Traffic 8435464 Investigates Crime/Most Wanted Submit a tip Missing Children 7250151 Sports Super Bowl Memphis Tigers Memphis Grizzlies Tennessee Titans High School Football 7250313 Video FOX13 Video Forecast 7250361 Watch Live News and Replay Live Breaking News 7250265 About Us FOX13 News Staff Contests What's on FOX13 Get Social Cox Careers Advertise with FOX13 Contact Us Newsletters Sign Up More Most Asian stock markets rise after Wall Street loss by: JOE McDONALD, AP Business Writer Updated: May 31, 2017 - 10:43 PM BEIJING (AP) - Chinese stocks declined Thursday after a survey showed manufacturing weakening while other Asian markets gained after Wall Street fell for a second day. KEEPING SCORE: The Shanghai Composite Index lost 0.5 percent to 3,102.21 while Tokyo's Nikkei 225 gained 1 percent to 19,854.27. Hong Kong's Hang Seng advanced 0.4 percent to 25,752.44 and Seoul's Kospi shed 0.1 percent to 2,344.29. Sydney's S&P-ASX 200 gained 0.2 percent to 5,733.90 and benchmarks in New Zealand, Taiwan and Southeast Asia also advanced. WALL STREET: U.S. stocks fell on a sharp drop for banks and a rare loss for tech companies. That offset gains for drug makers and consumer-focused companies. Banks fell after executives from JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America said their trading businesses are having a rough second quarter. Energy companies fell with oil prices. Investors picked consumer-focused companies, drug makers and high-dividend utilities and household goods companies. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost less than 0.1 percent to 2,411.80. The Dow Jones industrial average dropped 0.1 percent to 21,008.65. CHINESE MANUFACTURING: The Chinese business magazine Caixin said its purchasing managers' index declined for a third month, falling to 49.6 from April's 50.3 on a 100-point scale on which numbers below 50 show activity contracting. That came after a separate PMI on Wednesday by the National Bureau of Statistics and an industry group, the China Federation of Logistics and Purchasing, improved to 54.5 from 54. "Yesterday's official PMI reading had hinted at growth having remained broadly stable last month," said Julian Evans-Pritchard of Capital Economics in a report. "But today's downbeat unofficial PMI suggests conditions may not have held up as well as previously thought." TRUMP AND CLIMATE: President Donald Trump was preparing to announce a decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord. Trump promoted his announcement Wednesday night on Twitter, after a day in which U.S. allies around the world sounded alarms about the likely consequences of a U.S. withdrawal. Trump himself kept everyone in suspense, saying he was still listening to "a lot of people both ways." Abandoning the pact would isolate the U.S. from allies who spent years negotiating the 2015 agreement to fight global warming by reducing carbon emissions. Withdrawing would leave the United States aligned only with Russia among the world's industrialized economies. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. oil gained 38 cents to $48.70 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract plunged $1.34 on Wednesday to close at $48.32. Brent crude, used to price international oils, advanced 40 cents to $51.16 in London. It dropped $1.48 the previous session. CURRENCY: The dollar gained to 110.92 yen from Wednesday's 110.76. The euro edged down to $1.1244 from $1.1247. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Most Asian stock markets rise after Wall Street loss Stocks set records again; bond yields sink after jobs report Global markets rally ahead of US jobs report Asian markets rally; Tokyo stocks up as yen falls World stocks mixed on US political uncertainty, pound slides News Local News National/World News Video Traffic FOX13 Weather Weather Download the FOX13 Weather App Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About FOX13 What's on FOX13 FCC EEO Report FOX13 Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
null
Sign In Register Home Subscribe Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Vacation Hold Report a problem eEdition Submit News About Us About Us Become a distributor Customer Care Contact Us Advertising Advertising Place an ad Our Partners Our Partners VIP Magazine Hardin County News Jasper Newsboy Lakecaster Southeasttexas Classifieds Archives Careers Local Were you 'Seen'? Crime Weather Communities Communities Orange County Hardin County Kountze Lumberton Silsbee Sour Lake Lakes Region Buna Jasper Kirbyville Newton Woodville Mid-County Groves Nederland Port Arthur Port Neches Sabine Pass Orange County Bridge City Mauriceville Vidor Bolivar Peninsula Chambers County Liberty County cat5 Archives Best of Everything Guide Smouldering Port Arthur silo ruptures, collapses Were you 'Seen' at TASI's Alternative Show? Photos: Buddhist Temple celebrates lotus festival Cat population multiplying fast in urban areas US & World Nation World Louisiana Texas Hot Topics Solo climber is 1st up mighty California rock without ropes Trial set to begin for woman charged in texting suicide case UN chief announces new talks on Cyprus reunification in June Autopsy of brother of man who killed boy inconclusive A&E VIP Magazine Calendar Seen Movies TV Comics Puzzles Horoscopes Games Lottery Photo Sponsored Articles The Latest: Grande, Katy, Liam Gallagher sing for Manchester Ex-major leaguer Piersall dies at 87; battled mental illness Rep: Brandy released from hospital after collapse Aerial storytellers begin ship show tonight cat5 Sports High School Lamar The NFL College Football Outdoors The Huddle In the Cards Baseball Golf Basketball Houston Astros Houston Rockets Houston Texans Other sports PN-G's state semifinal tournament field set PN-G baseball advances to state finals You can fish without a license in TX Saturday PN-G baseball a win away from state finals Business Technology Texas Business Nation & World Fuel Fix Business Directory Sponsored Content Beaumont Rice Mills turns 125 Port Neches animal groomer takes her work on the road Downtown library to re-open Tuesday JC Penney stores in SETX spared for now Obits Opinion Editorials Letters Submit a Letter Columns Cartoons 'Toon Time 6-3-17 'Toon Time 6-2-17 'Toon Time 6-1-17 'Toon Time 5-31-17 Cars Jobs Latest Local Job Videos Compare your salary Homes SETX Real Estate It's a seller's market... if you can find a place to move The most expensive Lumberton homes on the market $5 million French-style Kirbyville home for sale Century-old downtown Orange building for sale offers eclectic, MenuSections http://www.beaumontenterprise.com/news/world/article/US-stocks-slide-as-energy-companies-fall-with-oil-11184991.php Most Asian stock markets rise after Wall Street loss Joe Mcdonald, Ap Business Writer Updated 9:39 am, Thursday, June 1, 2017 Photo: Mark Lennihan, AP Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 FILE - In this Wednesday, Oct. 8, 2014, file photo, a statue of George Washington stands near The New York Stock Exchange, in background. U.S. stock indexes are falling for the second day in a row Wednesday, May 31, 2017, as energy companies tumble with the price of oil. Banks also slipped following a drop in bond yields and interest rates the day before. Technology companies continued to surge. Chipmaker Analog Devices is up after its quarterly results were better than Wall Street had expected. less FILE - In this Wednesday, Oct. 8, 2014, file photo, a statue of George Washington stands near The New York Stock Exchange, in background. U.S. stock indexes are falling for the second day in a row Wednesday, ... more Photo: Mark Lennihan, AP Most Asian stock markets rise after Wall Street loss 1 / 1 Back to Gallery BEIJING (AP) — Chinese stocks declined Thursday after a survey showed manufacturing weakening while other Asian markets gained after Wall Street fell for a second day. KEEPING SCORE: The Shanghai Composite Index lost 0.5 percent to 3,102.21 while Tokyo's Nikkei 225 gained 1 percent to 19,854.27. Hong Kong's Hang Seng advanced 0.4 percent to 25,752.44 and Seoul's Kospi shed 0.1 percent to 2,344.29. Sydney's S&P-ASX 200 gained 0.2 percent to 5,733.90 and benchmarks in New Zealand, Taiwan and Southeast Asia also advanced. WALL STREET: U.S. stocks fell on a sharp drop for banks and a rare loss for tech companies. That offset gains for drug makers and consumer-focused companies. Banks fell after executives from JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America said their trading businesses are having a rough second quarter. Energy companies fell with oil prices. Investors picked consumer-focused companies, drug makers and high-dividend utilities and household goods companies. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost less than 0.1 percent to 2,411.80. The Dow Jones industrial average dropped 0.1 percent to 21,008.65. CHINESE MANUFACTURING: The Chinese business magazine Caixin said its purchasing managers' index declined for a third month, falling to 49.6 from April's 50.3 on a 100-point scale on which numbers below 50 show activity contracting. That came after a separate PMI on Wednesday by the National Bureau of Statistics and an industry group, the China Federation of Logistics and Purchasing, improved to 54.5 from 54. "Yesterday's official PMI reading had hinted at growth having remained broadly stable last month," said Julian Evans-Pritchard of Capital Economics in a report. "But today's downbeat unofficial PMI suggests conditions may not have held up as well as previously thought." TRUMP AND CLIMATE: President Donald Trump was preparing to announce a decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord. Trump promoted his announcement Wednesday night on Twitter, after a day in which U.S. allies around the world sounded alarms about the likely consequences of a U.S. withdrawal. Trump himself kept everyone in suspense, saying he was still listening to "a lot of people both ways." Abandoning the pact would isolate the U.S. from allies who spent years negotiating the 2015 agreement to fight global warming by reducing carbon emissions. Withdrawing would leave the United States aligned only with Russia among the world's industrialized economies. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. oil gained 38 cents to $48.70 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract plunged $1.34 on Wednesday to close at $48.32. Brent crude, used to price international oils, advanced 40 cents to $51.16 in London. It dropped $1.48 the previous session. CURRENCY: The dollar gained to 110.92 yen from Wednesday's 110.76. The euro edged down to $1.1244 from $1.1247. Top Stories Smouldering Port Arthur silo ruptures, collapses Cat population multiplying fast in urban areas TX firefighters stand for fallen co-worker's son Mugshot: Felon flees BPD officers FDA: Tuna sold to local eatery could be tainted Community seeks answers, closure following principal's death SO: Drugs, guns and $13K seized from Nederland apartment BPD: Can you ID men that robbed clerk at gunpoint? Tyler Co. Sheriff: Burning body is homicide case Liberty Co. man charged after baby on bike FB pic Local News Smouldering Port Arthur silo ruptures, collapses Were you 'Seen' at TASI's Alternative Show? Photos: Buddhist Temple celebrates lotus festival Cat population multiplying fast in urban areas Which SETX cities have the most DUI wrecks? FDA: Tuna sold to local eatery could be tainted Latest News Videos View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Subscriber Services Advertising Careers Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact FAQ Contact Us eEdition Connect Facebook Twitter Google Instagram Hearst Newspapers © Hearst Newspapers, II LLC
Close Mobile e-Edition Subscriber Services Advertise with Us Contact Us Welcome! Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard Subscribe 75° Overcast Thegardenisland.com Home Classifieds Calendar Contact Us Legals Subscriber Services Submit News Tip Correction Search Gas Prices E-Edition News Topics Local News Obituaries Police Logs Hawaii Business Government Education Special Sections National News World News News Tip Correction The Latest Teacher recovering from hit-and-run accident Updated: June 04, 2017 - 5:56 am KAPAHI — Janice Ferraz rode her bicycle every day, no matter where she went. She even bicycled to work at St. Catherine School. Comments (1) Connoisseur’s Culinary Journey showcases local fare around the islands Updated: June 04, 2017 - 5:55 am HANALEI — Volunteers at the Waipa Foundation were cranking out the usual 1,200 pounds of poi to sell throughout the island on Thursday, but there were extra people in the ranks. Comments (0) Recent Monkeypod Jam wins business plan competition Talk story with Bill Fernandez Arrest log for Sunday, June 4, 2017 Young Brothers posts flat first quarter Obituaries for Sunday, June 4, 2017 Sports Topics KIF Sports Local Sports Univ. of Hawaii Sports wire Surfing Opinion The Latest Haena-to-Hanalei run a success Posted: June 04, 2017 - 1:00 am HANALEI — When Mark Goodman received his prizes for winning the Haena to Hanalei 8-mile walk Saturday morning, he was beaming. Comments (0) Running in the Ivy League Posted: June 04, 2017 - 12:05 am LIHUE — It took a while for Kaeo Kruse to settle into life on the East Coast. Comments (0) Recent Weston-Webb second in Fiji Sailboat Junior Invitational races in heavy winds Showtime tonight Three-pointers fuel Na Koa sweep Fiji Women’s final moved to Saturday Opinion In Our Opinion Letters to Editor Submit a Letter Guest Opinion Life Topics Food Happy Camper Births Kauai Made Island history The Latest Old Kalapaki recalled at the opening of the Kauai Surf Hotel Posted: June 04, 2017 - 12:05 am On Friday evening, July 1, 1960, a party celebrating the opening that day of Inter-Island Resorts’ Kauai Surf Hotel at Kalapaki was held at the Planter’s Bar lanai of the new hotel. Comments (0) Soo-yun schemes, Bong-hee is jealous Posted: June 04, 2017 - 12:05 am South Korea’s iconic female K-pop group, 2NE1, disbanded end of last year as members decided to pursue solo careers. Sistar, another popular female K-pop group, disbanded last week after being together for 7 years and many hits. Comments (0) Recent Talk Story with Chucky Boy Chock Proper steps can help with sciatica recovery Protect herbivorous fish to protect coral reefs Births for Sunday, June 4, 2017 Get a ‘Taste’ of this one Entertainment TGIFr!day Arts and Theatre Dining Music Calendar Check Da Scene Entertainment wire The Latest Feast for the senses Posted: June 02, 2017 - 1:15 am KAPAA — Yes, Taste of Hawaii is about food, drink and music. Comments (0) A time to dance Posted: June 02, 2017 - 1:00 am KAPAA — The West Kauai Hongwanji Hanapepe Temple will be the site of the first bon dance of the Kauai Buddhist Council Bon Dance schedule. Comments (0) Recent Kachi kachi the night away In the name of rain TGIFr!day for June 2, 2017 The music lives on! The Kitchen at Papaya’s Classifieds Service Directory Services Cars Merchandise Classifieds Real Estate Homes for Sale Rentals Real Estate Weekly Jobs Local Jobs Visitors Ocean Safety Calendar Weather E-Edition Search Home News National Most Asian stock markets rise after Wall Street loss Story Comments Print Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next Mark Lennihan Most Asian stock markets rise after Wall Street loss FILE - In this Wednesday, Oct. 8, 2014, file photo, a statue of George Washington stands near The New York Stock Exchange, in background. U.S. stock indexes are falling for the second day in a row Wednesday, May 31, 2017, as energy companies tumble with the price of oil. Banks also slipped following a drop in bond yields and interest rates the day before. Technology companies continued to surge. Chipmaker Analog Devices is up after its quarterly results were better than Wall Street had expected. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) Posted: Wednesday, May 31, 2017 5:43 pm | Updated: 8:24 pm, Wed May 31, 2017. Most Asian stock markets rise after Wall Street loss Associated Press | 0 comments BEIJING (AP) — Chinese stocks declined Thursday after a survey showed manufacturing weakening while other Asian markets gained after Wall Street fell for a second day. KEEPING SCORE: The Shanghai Composite Index lost 0.5 percent to 3,102.21 while Tokyo's Nikkei 225 gained 1 percent to 19,854.27. Hong Kong's Hang Seng advanced 0.4 percent to 25,752.44 and Seoul's Kospi shed 0.1 percent to 2,344.29. Sydney's S&P-ASX 200 gained 0.2 percent to 5,733.90 and benchmarks in New Zealand, Taiwan and Southeast Asia also advanced. WALL STREET: U.S. stocks fell on a sharp drop for banks and a rare loss for tech companies. That offset gains for drug makers and consumer-focused companies. Banks fell after executives from JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America said their trading businesses are having a rough second quarter. Energy companies fell with oil prices. Investors picked consumer-focused companies, drug makers and high-dividend utilities and household goods companies. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost less than 0.1 percent to 2,411.80. The Dow Jones industrial average dropped 0.1 percent to 21,008.65. CHINESE MANUFACTURING: The Chinese business magazine Caixin said its purchasing managers' index declined for a third month, falling to 49.6 from April's 50.3 on a 100-point scale on which numbers below 50 show activity contracting. That came after a separate PMI on Wednesday by the National Bureau of Statistics and an industry group, the China Federation of Logistics and Purchasing, improved to 54.5 from 54. "Yesterday's official PMI reading had hinted at growth having remained broadly stable last month," said Julian Evans-Pritchard of Capital Economics in a report. "But today's downbeat unofficial PMI suggests conditions may not have held up as well as previously thought." TRUMP AND CLIMATE: President Donald Trump was preparing to announce a decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord. Trump promoted his announcement Wednesday night on Twitter, after a day in which U.S. allies around the world sounded alarms about the likely consequences of a U.S. withdrawal. Trump himself kept everyone in suspense, saying he was still listening to "a lot of people both ways." Abandoning the pact would isolate the U.S. from allies who spent years negotiating the 2015 agreement to fight global warming by reducing carbon emissions. Withdrawing would leave the United States aligned only with Russia among the world's industrialized economies. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. oil gained 38 cents to $48.70 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract plunged $1.34 on Wednesday to close at $48.32. Brent crude, used to price international oils, advanced 40 cents to $51.16 in London. It dropped $1.48 the previous session. CURRENCY: The dollar gained to 110.92 yen from Wednesday's 110.76. The euro edged down to $1.1244 from $1.1247. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about Business Insider Q&A: Drug industry learns to listen to patients ARTICLE: Insider Q&A: Drug industry learns to listen to patients ARTICLE: Convenience store Dawa agrees to change name after Wawa suit ARTICLE: Official: Abbas halts monthly stipends for Hamas ex-inmates What can $75,560 get you in California? A prison cell More about General News ARTICLE: Convenience store Dawa agrees to change name after Wawa suit New Twain House director says museum is "nexus for writers" New Twain House director says museum is "nexus for writers" ARTICLE: New Twain House director says museum is "nexus for writers" ARTICLE: Official: Abbas halts monthly stipends for Hamas ex-inmates More about Pharmaceutical Manufacturing Insider Q&A: Drug industry learns to listen to patients ARTICLE: Insider Q&A: Drug industry learns to listen to patients Most Asian stock markets rise after Wall Street loss ARTICLE: How major US stock market indexes fared on Wednesday Discuss Print   Posted in National, National and International, World on Wednesday, May 31, 2017 5:43 pm. Updated: 8:24 pm. | Tags: Business, General News, Pharmaceutical Manufacturing, Health Care Industry, Stock Prices, Leading Economic Indicators, Economy, Stock Markets, Financial Markets, Crude Oil Markets, Energy Markets, Commodity Markets, Stock Indices And Averages, Banking And Credit, Financial Services, Oil And Gas Industry, Energy Industry, Pound Sterling, Currency Markets, Brent Crude Markets, Japanese Yen, Precious Metal Markets, Metal Markets, Gasoline Markets, Motor Fuel Markets, Refined Petroleum Product Markets, Technology, Heating Oil Markets | Location Tags: United Kingdom, Western Europe, Europe, United States, North America, East Asia, Asia, Sydney, New South Wales, Australia, Oceania, China, Greater China, Shanghai, Seoul, South Korea Rules of Conduct 1 Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. 2 Don't Threaten or Abuse. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. AND PLEASE TURN OFF CAPS LOCK. 3 Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. 4 Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. 5 Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. 6 Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Welcome to the discussion. Log In Current users sign in here. Register Print comments Most Popular Articles Most Commented Stocks Stories Scooby to the rescue More arrests in Kalalau Polihale has some pull Business is booming Rose-ringed solution All About 60 support group occupying Coco Palms after police issue trespass notices (37) 100 days of President Donald Trump (36) Locals want removal of Kalalau squatters (26) Kagawa: KPD should hire locally (24) Group occupying Coco Palms will continue to be on property (19) Follow us on Facebook Hawaii Yellow Pages Apartments Attorneys Auto Dealers Auto Parts Auto Repair Beauty Salons Car Rental Dentists Doctors Flowers Hotels Insurance Loans Mortgages Movers Pizza Realtors Restaurants Storage Tax Preparation Travel More... Services Advertise with Us Contact Us About Us Subscriber Services Events Calendar Sections News Sports Opinion Lifestyles Obituaries © Copyright 2015, Thegardenisland.com, 3137 Kuhio Hwy. Lihue, HI | Terms of Service and Privacy Policy | Find Area Businesses Login Now Need an account? Create one now.
Air & Climate Energy & Renewables Environmental Management Health & Safety Monitoring & Testing Soil & Groundwater Waste & Recycling Water & Wastewater Air & Climate Acid Gas Activated Carbon Air Treatment Aerosol Monitoring Aerosols Air Blowers Air Cleaning …and more Companies Products Services Software Training Applications Energy & Renewables Algae Biofuels Anaerobic Digestion Ash Analyses Ash Management Battery Management Biodiesel …and more Companies Products Services Software Training Applications Environmental Management Air Modeling Asbestos Abatement Beach Cleaning Biological Surveys Bird Control Brownfields …and more Companies Products Services Software Training Applications Health & Safety Accident Monitoring Accident Regulations Accidental Releases Acid Waste Aerosol Cans Disposal Air Microbial …and more Companies Products Services Software Training Applications Monitoring & Testing Accident Monitoring Acoustic Monitoring Aerosol Monitoring Air Analyses Air Flow Monitoring Air Monitoring …and more Companies Products Services Software Training Applications Soil & Groundwater Aquifers Bioaugmentation Bioremediation Bioremediation Products Bioremediation Testing Bore Hole Pumps …and more Companies Products Services Software Training Applications Waste & Recycling Acid Waste Aerosol Cans Disposal Air Separation Aluminium Recycling Anaerobic Digestion Autoclaves …and more Companies Products Services Software Training Applications Water & Wastewater Activated Carbon Treatment Activated Sludge Advanced Water Treatment Air Flotation Systems Algae Management Algae Monitoring …and more Companies Products Services Software Training Applications Menu Browse all Channels Air & Climate Energy & Renewables Environmental Management Health & Safety Monitoring & Testing Soil & Groundwater Waste & Recycling Water & Wastewater Air & Climate Acid Gas Activated Carbon Air Treatment Aerosol Monitoring Aerosols Air Blowers Air Cleaning … and more Products Services Software Training Applications Companies News Events Articles Books Magazines Videos Downloads Energy & Renewables Algae Biofuels Anaerobic Digestion Ash Analyses Ash Management Battery Management Biodiesel … and more Products Services Software Training Applications Companies News Events Articles Books Magazines Videos Downloads Environmental Management Air Modeling Asbestos Abatement Beach Cleaning Biological Surveys Bird Control Brownfields … and more Products Services Software Training Applications Companies News Events Articles Books Magazines Videos Downloads Health & Safety Accident Monitoring Accident Regulations Accidental Releases Acid Waste Aerosol Cans Disposal Air Microbial … and more Products Services Software Training Applications Companies News Events Articles Books Magazines Videos Downloads Monitoring & Testing Accident Monitoring Acoustic Monitoring Aerosol Monitoring Air Analyses Air Flow Monitoring Air Monitoring … and more Products Services Software Training Applications Companies News Events Articles Books Magazines Videos Downloads Soil & Groundwater Aquifers Bioaugmentation Bioremediation Bioremediation Products Bioremediation Testing Bore Hole Pumps … and more Products Services Software Training Applications Companies News Events Articles Books Magazines Videos Downloads Waste & Recycling Acid Waste Aerosol Cans Disposal Air Separation Aluminium Recycling Anaerobic Digestion Autoclaves … and more Products Services Software Training Applications Companies News Events Articles Books Magazines Videos Downloads Water & Wastewater Activated Carbon Treatment Activated Sludge Advanced Water Treatment Air Flotation Systems Algae Management Algae Monitoring … and more Products Services Software Training Applications Companies News Events Articles Books Magazines Videos Downloads What are you looking for? All All Products Services Software Training Applications Companies News Articles Books Magazines Events Downloads Videos Products Services Software Training Applications Sign in Sign up Advertising options Sponsorship packages Email marketing Contact Us Sign in Sign up Sign in to XPRT Email Password Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Get Started Sign up to XPRT First name Last name Email Receive updates from selected suppliers Already have an account? Log in here Enter your email to restore your password Email ECO Green Equipment 425 North 400 West, Building 4A , North Salt Lake , Utah 84054 USA About Solutions products applications industries Publications videos articles Latest news Downloads Companies ECO Green Equipment Articles International Tire Recycling Spotlight: Venezuela International Tire Recycling Spotlight: Venezuela 0 Share 6 days ago Courtesy of ECO Green Equipment Tire recycling is a serious global concern. Scrap tires take up far too much space, they can spawn devastating tire fires that burn for weeks or even months when stored together in large numbers, and they they leach chemicals into soil and groundwater. Recycling is an absolute necessity, but not easily done. Most developed countries have produced millions of scrap tires (at the very least), and many developing country are either already there or well on their way to having a similar massive recycling problem on their hands. Scrap tires also provide perfect breeding grounds for mosquitoes. Mosquitoes are bad enough in the US, but it’s fairly rare for them to carry disease. Not so in South American countries, especially those sitting so close to the equator, like Venezuela. Mosquitoes easily flourish there without the extra help of stagnant rainwater sitting in old tires, and these mosquitoes’ bites pack some infamously nasty diseases, including Zika virus and malaria. Malaria had completely disappeared from Venezuela for half a century, but it has come back with a vengeance in recent years, with nearly 23,000 cases reported in spring of 2014 alone. The vast majority of the country is still labeled as a malaria transmission area by the CDC today, despite efforts to reduce the mosquito populations. New tire recycling efforts in Venezuela will help to bring the mosquito populations down further and eliminate the threat of these viruses. Sharing the Solution The global nature of the scrap tire problem is why it’s so critical for companies like Eco Green to take their high-powered shredding machinery into the worldwide market and act as leaders in the tire recycling industry. Which is exactly what Eco Green has been doing since 2008, when we first started working with Latin American companies. Now, instead of being leaders in the awful race towards having the biggest, most dangerous tire stockpile, developed countries can use the crumb rubber coming out of ECO Crumblers to pave the way towards legitimate green solutions. That doesn’t mean it’s easy. Doing business across borders can be delicate and challenging even in times of economic growth and prosperity. During periods of unrest, many companies prefer to retreat to comfortable home territory and not risk losing profit or getting tangled up in international politics. Eco Green Equipment is not one of those companies. Why Venezuela? Latin America is home to some of Eco Green’s oldest international customers, and that includes Venezuela, where we’re still going strong in spite of the economic upheaval caused by falling oil prices and the conflict surrounding the Maduro regime. Several big-name US companies, such as Bridgestone, General Mills, Ford Motor Co., General Motors, Kimberly-Clark, and Procter & Gamble have all scaled back their operations in Venezuela because of the political and economic instability, hyperinflation, and the tendency of the socialist government to seize their local facilities and assets. However, Eco Green hasn’t been conducting its business with Venezuela in the same way. These companies had factories and plants in the country, and this level of investment is a large part of what made them vulnerable. Eco Green does not maintain operations in Venezuela, it merely sells tire shredding equipment to Venezuelan companies. One such company we’d like to focus on is Eco Transformadora de Gomas. Eco Transformadora de Gomas With seven of its cities ranking 49th, 34th, 24th, 20th, 7th, 5th, and 1st on a list of the world’s most dangerous cities, Venezuela is certainly a scary place to be overall, but the city of Turmero and the neighboring state capital Maracay are nowhere on that list. Turmero is home to Transformadora de Gomas and their booming tire recycling plant. This Venezuelan company’s stated purpose is to collect, recycle, and transform out-of-use tires. They encourage other entrepreneurs to encourage waste recycling across their country, and they have a vision to “develop a model of social contribution through the installation of a tire recycling plant in Aragua state.” Furthermore, they want to see the recycled tires all the way to their new destination, whether that be playground equipment and surface, turf for sports fields, floor slabs, or a number of other applications. Transformadora de Gomas is not a new customer. Almost three years ago, they purchased an ECO Crumbler Granulator, and they’ve been adding to their operation ever since. They now own a complete lineup of Eco Green’s machines, including the ECO Krumbuster® System, an ECO Green Giant, and a second ECO Crumbler Granulator. They are able to process used car and truck tires at an average rate of 750 per hour. Until halfway through 2016 when a mining company opened one in Colombia, there wasn’t a large-scale tire recycling operation anywhere in South America. With the tire shredding equipment bought from Eco Green, Transformadora de Gomas has added another plant to the map, one that our own CEO, Brad Swenson, acknowledges as “one of the best tire recycling facilities [he’s] been in.” He anticipates doing further business with Transformadora de Gomas as demand for shredded tires and crumb rubber continues to grow. Eurek Adrian, owner of the Venezuelan company, feels equally satisfied with what Eco Green’s equipment has allowed and will allow him to achieve. In their capable hands, our machines will be able to grind all the hazards posed by scrap tires to literal crumbs. In such desperate economic times, the metal and rubber produced by shredding tires will prove vital to essential industries such as road paving, roofing, and automobile production. The tire recycling plant won’t just recycle tires; it will play a role in stimulating Venezuela’s economy. Join the Fight If you or your company, like Transformadora de Gomas, are ready to join in the worldwide fight to turn dangerous, mosquito-infested mountains of scrap tires into usable materials, then contact our experts to learn more about how Eco Green can help you make it happen. It’s never too late to start making the world a better, safer, and greener place. Most popular related searches tire recycling industry tire recycling tire rubber recycling tire shredding equipment tire recycling equipment recycling rubber from tire recycled rubber tire used tire processing chemical recycling equipment scrap tire recycling equipment Related articles Tire Shredding: Alternatives to Landfills May 20, 2017 For many reasons, whole tires pose a major problem to landfills. The most obvious is the inefficient use of space. The actual rubber of a tire takes up only a small fraction of the space a tire occupies, and the rest of the space is wasted. A less obvious but far more serious problem is that tires may trap methane gasses when buried with other garbage in landfills. When this happens, the tires can float like balloons to the surface, sometimes rupturing the protective liners that keep contaminants from polluting... Invention of the Tire Shredder May 10, 2017 The process of vulcanizing rubber was discovered by Charles Goodyear (yes, you read that right) in 1839, and the development of rubber tires followed not long after (Source: Continental Truck). From there, it didn’t take long for worn-out tires to start piling up, and finding good ways to recycle them has been a pressing concern for over a century, though initially it was because rubber was so expensive that throwing it away was like throwing away silver. As soon as synthetic rubber hit the market a few... What Happens When We Don’t Recycle Tires Apr. 21, 2017 By the end of 2015, only 11% of scrap tires produced in the US were going to landfills. 11% might sound small, but that’s still 460 thousand tons of tires going to waste (Source: Rubber Manufacturers Association). The costs of not recycling tires are great and come in a variety of unpleasant rubbery flavors. It’s such a serious issue, in fact, that many states have passed regulations on proper tire disposal, but a significant amount of illegal dumping and improper storage still occurs, which means... Tire Shredders: An Introduction Feb. 23, 2017 How Does a Tire Shredding Machine Work? Tire shredding is a very common way of preparing scrap tires for disposal or recycle. In order to dispose of tires in a landfill, they must be shredded to various sized chips. The size required depends on the state or area you live in. Tire shredding is also used for recycling tires; crumb tire or tire mulch can be reused to create surfaces on playgrounds, athletics tracks, roads, and more. Many companies are investing in their own tire shredding systems. These companies... Tire Shredding: The Best Alternative Feb. 9, 2017 From cars and trucks to planes, tractors, and forklifts, tires are used for a wide variety of vehicles. And those tires don’t last forever. Regardless of how many miles a tire travels, it should not be used longer than ten years past its manufacture date, as the rubber will grow brittle and can crack. This isn’t usually a problem, though, since most tires are replaced within three or four years. In fact, Americans generate nearly 285 million scrap tires per year. So, where do all those old tires... Customer comments No comments were found for International Tire Recycling Spotlight: Venezuela. Be the first to comment! Add your comment Publish your comment Great! comment successfully added! Contact supplier Contact supplier Your message: Your email Your name Your last name I would like to receive periodic email updates and special offers from select suppliers. Yes, please match my request to similar suppliers using XPRT Sourcing. Send Message Cancel and close By continuing you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy of this website. Back to top About Environmental XPRT Environmental XPRT is a global environmental industry marketplace and information resource. Online product catalogs, news, articles, events, publications & more. Channels Air & Climate Energy & Renewables Environmental Management Health & Safety Monitoring & Testing Soil & Groundwater Waste & Recycling Water & Wastewater Solutions Environmental Industry Products Environmental Industry Software Environmental Industry Training Environmental Industry Services Environmental Industry Applications Latest Environmental Industry News Environmental Industry Events Publications Environmental Industry Articles Environmental Industry Books Environmental Industry Magazines Environmental Industry Downloads Environmental Industry Videos Companies Environmental Industry Companies FAQs Company sitemap Category sitemap Environmental XPRT is part of XPRT Media All Rights Reserved. Terms Privacy Our sites: XPRT Media Agriculture XPRT
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Dental Floss Market 2017 Trend, Analysis and Forecast to 2021 ReportsWeb.com published Dental Floss Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, May 31, 2017 ) About Dental Floss Dental floss is essentially a thread, which removes food trapped between teeth and removes the film of bacteria that forms there before it has a chance to harden into plaque. Toothbrush bristles alone cannot clean effectively between these tight spaces and hence, the need for dental floss arises. Publisher's analysts forecast the global dental floss market to grow at a CAGR of 5.02% during the period 2017-2021. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-dental-floss-market-2017-2021 . Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global dental floss market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from retail sales of dental floss products sold to consumers across various regions. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: - Americas - APAC - EMEA Publisher's report, Global Dental Floss Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors - Procter & Gamble - Colgate-Palmolive - Johnson & Johnson - Sunstar Suisse Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001723487/sample . Other prominent vendors - Dr. Fresh - DenTek - Lion Corporation - water pik Market driver - Changing marketing strategy - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge - Lack of access to proper dental care - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend - Emerging consumerism - For a full, detailed list, view our report Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001723487/buying . Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Top 6 Red Cross Preparedness Tips to Stay Safe this Hurricane Season WASHINGTON, May 31, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ — Hurricane season starts June 1 and forecasters are predicting a 45 percent chance of an above-normal Atlantic hurricane season this year, threatening both coastal and inland residents between now and the end of November. To help families stay safe, the American Red Cross is issuing the top six hurricane preparedness tips should a hurricane or tropical storm head for your community. Here are the top six things you should do now to be ready for Hurricane Season 2017: Talk with household members and create an evacuation plan. Be prepared to evacuate quickly and evacuate if told to do so. Build an emergency kit with a gallon of water per person, per day, non-perishable food, a flashlight, battery-powered radio, first aid kit, medications, supplies for an infant if applicable, a multi-purpose tool, personal hygiene items, copies of important papers, cell phone chargers, extra cash, blankets, maps of the area, and emergency contact information. Get access to NOAA radio broadcasts. Purchase a battery-powered or hand-crank NOAA weather radio in the Red Cross Store. Protect windows with permanent storm shutters or invest in one-half inch marine plywood that is pre-cut to fit your doors and windows. Identify a place to store lawn furniture, toys, gardening tools and trash cans (away from stairs and exits) to prevent them from being moved by high winds and possibly hurting someone. Be informed. Learn about your community’s hurricane response plan. Plan routes to local shelters, register family members with special medical needs as required and make plans for pets. If travel is in your plans, learn about how emergency situations are communicated at your destination. Download the free Red Cross Emergency App for expert guidance on what to do before, during and after hurricanes as well as 34 other types of emergencies. All Red Cross apps can be found in smartphone app stores by searching for American Red Cross or by going to redcross.org/apps. If someone already has a disaster kit, now is the time make sure the food and water is still okay to consume and that copies of important documents are up to date. If an emergency plan already exists for the household, family members should talk about it again so everyone knows what to do and where to go if an emergency occurs. Visit here for full information about what to do before, during and after a hurricane CORPORATIONS HELP The generous donations from members of the Red Cross Annual Disaster Giving Program (ADGP) and the Disaster Responder Program enable the American Red Cross to prepare communities for disasters big and small, respond whenever and wherever disasters occur and help families during the recovery process. ADGP $1 Million members are: American Airlines; Anheuser-Busch Foundation; Anthem Foundation; Bank of America; Caterpillar Foundation; Costco Wholesale; Delta Air Lines; Disney; Enterprise Rent-A-Car Foundation; FedEx; General Motors Foundation; Grainger; The Home Depot Foundation; LDS Charities; Lowe’s Companies, Inc.; Mazda North American Operations; Microsoft; Nationwide Foundation; State Farm; Target; UPS; VSP Global; Walmart and the Walmart Foundation; and The Wawa Foundation. ADGP $500,000 members are: 3M; Altria Group; American Express; Aon; Boise Paper; Capital One; Cisco Foundation; Citi Foundation; Darden Restaurants, Inc. Foundation; Discover; Edison International; Farmers Insurance; Ford Motor Company; Humble Bundle; John Deere Foundation; Johnson Controls; McDonald’s Corporation; Medtronic Foundation; Meijer; Merck Foundation; Mondelēz International Foundation; PepsiCo Foundation; Procter & Gamble Company; Reynolds American Foundation; Ryder; Southwest Airlines; Sunoco; TD Ameritrade; The TJX Companies, Inc.; United Airlines; and Wells Fargo. Disaster Responder Program members are: Adobe; Alcoa; Astellas USA Foundation; AT&T; AvalonBay Communities, Inc.; AXA; The Ball Foundation; BNY Mellon; CarMax; The Clorox Company; Cox Automotive; DTE Energy Foundation; Duke Energy; Entergy Corporation; Harbor Freight Tools; Hewlett Packard Enterprise Foundation; Hi-Rez Studios; HP Foundation; IBM Corporation; IHG Foundation; Ingersoll Rand Foundation; Land O’Lakes, Inc.; Mastercard; Morgan Stanley; Neiman Marcus Group; New Balance Foundation; Northrop Grumman Corporation; Northwestern Mutual and the Northwestern Mutual Foundation; Prudential Foundation; PuroClean Disaster Recovery; SC Johnson; SERVPRO; Southeastern Grocers Home of BI-LO Harveys Winn Dixie; T O Y O T A; U-Haul International; United Technologies Corporation; The USAA Foundation; U.S. Bank; and Visa. About the American Red Cross: The American Red Cross shelters, feeds and provides emotional support to victims of disasters; supplies about 40 percent of the nation’s blood; teaches skills that save lives; provides international humanitarian aid; and supports military members and their families. The Red Cross is a not-for-profit organization that depends on volunteers and the generosity of the American public to perform its mission. For more information, please visit redcross.org or cruzrojaamericana.org, or visit us on Twitter at @RedCross. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/top-6-red-cross-preparedness-tips-to-stay-safe-this-hurricane-season-300466171.html SOURCE American Red Cross Related Links http://www.redcross.org CategoriesUncategorized TagsNot For Profit, Public Safety Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Tech Data Wins VMware Global Distributor 2016 Global Partner Innovation Award Next PostNext VTech® Earns More than 15 Industry Awards for New Spring Toys Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Razor Blade 2017 Market Analysis by Top Manufacturers with Sales, Price, Revenue and Growth, Forecast 2022 Wiseguyreports.Com Publish New Report On-“Razor Blade 2017 Market Analysis by Top Manufacturers with Sales, Price, Revenue and Growth, Forecast 2022”. PUNE, INDIA, May 31, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Razor Blade Market 2017 A razor blade is a blade used in a razor, typically a flat piece of metal with a sharp edge or edges used in a safety razor which is used to remove unwanted hair from the face or body. Scope of the Report: This report focuses on the Razor Blade in Global market, especially in North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa. This report categorizes the market based on manufacturers, regions, type and application. Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1320227-global-razor-blade-market-by-manufacturers-countries-type-and-application-forecast Market Segment by Manufacturers, this report covers Gillette(P&G) Edgewell Personal Care BIC Laser Razor Blades Lord DORCO Supermax Harry’s (Feintechnik) FEATHER Benxi Jincheng Kaili Razor Ningbo Jiali Liyu Razor Shanghai Cloud Yingjili Market Segment by Regions, regional analysis covers North America (USA, Canada and Mexico) Europe (Germany, France, UK, Russia and Italy) Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India and Southeast Asia) South America (Brazil, Argentina, Columbia etc.) Middle East and Africa (Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt, Nigeria and South Africa) Market Segment by Type, covers Double Edge Razor Blades Single Edge Razor Blades Market Segment by Applications, can be divided into Men’s razors Women’s razor Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1320227-global-razor-blade-market-by-manufacturers-countries-type-and-application-forecast Table of Contents 1 Market Overview 1.1 Razor Blade Introduction 1.2 Market Analysis by Type 1.2.1 Double Edge Razor Blades 1.2.2 Single Edge Razor Blades 1.3 Market Analysis by Applications 1.3.1 Men’s razors 1.3.2 Women’s razor 1.4 Market Analysis by Regions 1.4.1 North America (USA, Canada and Mexico) 1.4.1.1 USA Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.1.2 Canada Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.1.3 Mexico Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.2 Europe (Germany, France, UK, Russia and Italy) 1.4.2.1 Germany Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.2.2 France Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.2.3 UK Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.2.4 Russia Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.2.5 Italy Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India and Southeast Asia) 1.4.3.1 China Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.3.2 Japan Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.3.3 Korea Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.3.4 India Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.3.5 Southeast Asia Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.4 South America, Middle East and Africa 1.4.4.1 Brazil Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.4.2 Egypt Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.4.3 Saudi Arabia Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.4.4 South Africa Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.4.5 Nigeria Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5 Market Dynamics 1.5.1 Market Opportunities 1.5.2 Market Risk 1.5.3 Market Driving Force 2 Manufacturers Profiles 2.1 Gillette(P&G) 2.1.1 Business Overview 2.1.2 Razor Blade Type and Applications 2.1.2.1 Type 1 2.1.2.2 Type 2 2.1.3 Gillette(P&G) Razor Blade Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share (2016-2017) 2.2 Edgewell Personal Care 2.2.1 Business Overview 2.2.2 Razor Blade Type and Applications 2.2.2.1 Type 1 2.2.2.2 Type 2 2.2.3 Edgewell Personal Care Razor Blade Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share (2016-2017) 2.3 BIC 2.3.1 Business Overview 2.3.2 Razor Blade Type and Applications 2.3.2.1 Type 1 2.3.2.2 Type 2 2.3.3 BIC Razor Blade Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share (2016-2017) 2.4 Laser Razor Blades 2.4.1 Business Overview 2.4.2 Razor Blade Type and Applications 2.4.2.1 Type 1 2.4.2.2 Type 2 2.4.3 Laser Razor Blades Razor Blade Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share (2016-2017) 2.5 Lord 2.5.1 Business Overview 2.5.2 Razor Blade Type and Applications 2.5.2.1 Type 1 2.5.2.2 Type 2 …………. 3 Global Razor Blade Market Competition, by Manufacturer 3.1 Global Razor Blade Sales and Market Share by Manufacturer 3.2 Global Razor Blade Revenue and Market Share by Manufacturer 3.3 Market Concentration Rate 3.3.1 Top 3 Razor Blade Manufacturer Market Share 3.3.2 Top 6 Razor Blade Manufacturer Market Share 3.4 Market Competition Trend ..…..Continued Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1320227 Norah Trent wiseguyreports +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious United States High Voltage DC Converter Station Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Next PostNext Dėl AB „Amber Grid“ neeilinio visuotinio akcininkų susirinkimo priimtų sprendimų Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
06052017Headline: United States Outdoor Surveillance Cameras Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast to 2017: Acute Market Reports 3 days ago EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) Gesture Recognition for Consumer Electronic Devices Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast to 2017: Acute Market Reports 3 days ago Asia-Pacific Trigger Sprayers Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast to 2017: Acute Market Reports 3 days ago Global n-Heptane (CAS 142-82-5) Sales Market Dynamics, Forecast, Analysis and Supply Demand 2017-Acute Market Reports 3 days ago Pentaethylenehexamine (PEHA) Sales Market Dynamics, Forecast, Analysis and Supply Demand 2017-Acute Market Reports 3 days ago Flicks and Bits Flicks and Bits About Us Privacy Policy rss Film Interview Music Business Technology & Media Health Care Food & Beverages Consumer Goods Home Business Credence Research: Industry Analysis Report for Hand Sanitizers Market 2017 Credence Research: Industry Analysis Report for Hand Sanitizers Market 2017 May 31, 2017 | by Satyamspot | According to a new market report published by Credence Research “Global Hand Sanitizers Market Growth, Future Prospects and Competitive Analysis, 2017 – 2025,” the global hand sanitizers market is expected to reach over US$ 2,900 Mn by 2025, expanding at a CAGR of 12.9% from 2017 to 2025. Browse the full Global Hand Sanitizers Market- Market Growth, Future Prospects and Competitive Analysis, 2017 – 2025 report at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/hand-sanitizer-market Market Insights On the basis of product type, the global hand sanitizer market is segmented into gel, foam, spray, liquid, others (sanitizing hand wipes, etc.). Among these, gel segment accounted for the largest segment by value and accounted for more than 35% share of the global market in 2016. Based on end use, the hand sanitizer market is categorized into hospitals, hotels and restaurants, household purpose and others (corporates, schools etc.). In 2016, hospital segment accounted for largest segment for hand sanitizers as hand sanitizers are used by physicians, patients and also the staff and visitors to prevent the spreading of contagious diseases. The hand sanitizer market can be segmented based on sales channel as, department stores, supermarkets and hyper markets, convenience stores, e-tailers and retail pharmacy stores. The supermarket and hypermarket segment accounted for the largest revenue share in the global hand sanitizers market by sale channel in 2016. Owing to shifting trends towards modern retailing by end users. For the purpose of this study, the global hand sanitizer market is categorized into regional markets viz., North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and Latin America and Middle East and Africa. In base year 2016, North America was observed as the largest market for hand sanitizers followed by Europe and Asia Pacific. Asia Pacific is expected to achieve highest growth rate compared to other regions due to presence of countries such as China, India and Japan are observing significant industrial growth. Furthermore, the companies are focusing on expanding their business network, across regional markets. They are strengthening their market penetration by offering wide product range in the hand sanitizer segment. Due to relatively short lifetime of hand sanitizers, the need for new sanitizers is more. 3M Company, Chattem, Inc., Procter & Gamble (P&G) Company, Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc., Unilever Plc., GOJO Industries, Inc., Bath & Body Works, LLC., Best Sanitizers, Inc., Deb Group Ltd., Henkel Group, Kimberly-Clark Corporation., Medline Industries, Inc., Dial Corporation., etc. are few key manufacturers in global hand sanitizer market. Key Trends: – Product differentiation in terms of formulations and aesthetic bottle design: Key business strategy – Focus on developing skin-safe hand sanitizer gels – Growing application base (institutions, military, supermarkets, offices) – The campaigns and promotional efforts have positioned hand sanitizer gels as first line preventive measure against infection – Heightened fear of contamination experienced during recent viral epidemics driving demand for hand sanitizer gels Request Sample: http://www.credenceresearch.com/sample-request/58480 About: Credence Research is a worldwide market research and counseling firm that serves driving organizations, governments, non-legislative associations, and not-for-benefits. We offer our customers some assistance with making enduring enhancements to their execution and understand their most imperative objectives. Over almost a century, we’ve manufactured a firm extraordinarily prepared to this task. Media Contact Name: Chris Smith Address: 105 N 1st ST #429, SAN JOSE, CA 95103 US E-mail: sales@credenceresearch.com Ph: 1-800-361-8290 Web: http://www.credenceresearch.com Filed in: Business Share this post Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email Recommended for You United States Outdoor Surveillance Cameras Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast to 2017: Acute Market Reports EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) Gesture Recognition for Consumer Electronic Devices Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast to 2017: Acute Market Reports Asia-Pacific Trigger Sprayers Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast to 2017: Acute Market Reports Global n-Heptane (CAS 142-82-5) Sales Market Dynamics, Forecast, Analysis and Supply Demand 2017-Acute Market Reports Popular Posts New Batmobile & A Stormtrooper Highlighted In Latest ‘Batman V Superman’/’Star Wars’ Crossover Image From Zack Snyder Chilling First TV Spot For ‘Annabelle’ (‘The Conjuring’ Spinoff) “Brothers Under The Gun” Featurette For ‘Fury’ – Starring Brad Pitt, Logan Lerman, Shia LaBeouf, Michael Pena… “Locations” Behind-The-Scenes Video For ‘Exodus: Gods And Kings’ – Starring Christian Bale, Joel Edgerton, Aaron Paul… Trailer For The Assassin-Thriller ‘John Wick’ – Starring Keanu Reeves, Willem Dafoe, Ian McShane, Adrianne Palicki…. Recent Posts United States Outdoor Surveillance Cameras Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast to 2017: Acute Market Reports EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) Gesture Recognition for Consumer Electronic Devices Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast to 2017: Acute Market Reports Asia-Pacific Trigger Sprayers Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast to 2017: Acute Market Reports Global n-Heptane (CAS 142-82-5) Sales Market Dynamics, Forecast, Analysis and Supply Demand 2017-Acute Market Reports Pentaethylenehexamine (PEHA) Sales Market Dynamics, Forecast, Analysis and Supply Demand 2017-Acute Market Reports © 2017 Flicks and Bits. All rights reserved. Mobile Computing Today TampaBayReview
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by DecisionDatabases Dog Food Market | Trend, Growth & Forecast Research Report 2014-2021 The new research report on Dog Food Market offered by DecisionDatabases.com provides Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast Till 2021. Dog food is defined as the food specifically designed for consumption by dogs to meet their nutritional requirements. Dogs have sharp, pointed teeth, and their digestive system is adapted for the consumption of meat. Hence, most of the dog foods are made of up animal grade ingredients. In addition, these dog foods are available in wide product ranges such as premium, economy and mid-range products to suit the buyer’s capacity to spend on their pets. The major drivers for fueling the demand of dog food are urbanization, increasing trend of nuclear families and increasing population of dogs as pets and humanization of street dogs. The rise in the purchasing power of the urban youths has also contributed to the growth in this sector. The growing trend of nuclear families has influenced people to have dogs at pets in their homes and societies. Owing to their lifestyles which is very hectic, they opt for readymade dog food to fulfill the nutritional requirements of their dogs. The increasing awareness regarding pet health and pet humanization has also influenced buying decisions and advanced the growth of the dog food market. Get FREE Sample Report Copy With FULL Segmentations and TOC @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/download-sample-639 The comprehensive value chain analysis of the market will assist in attaining better product differentiation, along with detailed understanding of the core competency of each activity involved. The market attractiveness analysis provided in the report aptly measures the potential value of the market providing business strategists with the latest growth opportunities. The report also covers the complete competitive landscape of the worldwide market with company profiles of key players such as Big Heart Pet Brands, Blue Buffalo Co Ltd., Colgate-Palmolive, Effem México SA de CV, Fressnapf Tiernahrungs GmbH, MaltaCleyton SA de CV, Mars, MPM Products Ltd., Nestlé Purina PetCare Co., Procter & Gamble, Vitakraft-Werke Wührmann & Sohn GmbH & Co KG and others. The report classifies the market into different segments based on Products. These segments are studied in detail incorporating the market estimates and forecasts at regional and country level. The segment analysis is useful in understanding the growth areas and probable opportunities of the market. Geographically, the Dog Food market has been segmented into regions such as North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, Middle East & Africa. The study details country-level aspects based on each segment and gives estimates in terms of market size. Major Table Of Contents: Introduction Executive Summary Market Analysis Dog Food Market Analysis By Products Dog Food Market Analysis By Geography Competitive Landscape Of The Dog Food Companies Company Profiles Of The Dog Food Industry Purchase Complete Global Dog Food Market Research Report At: http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/buy-now-639 About Us: DecisionDatabases.com is a global business research reports provider, enriching decision makers and strategists with qualitative statistics. DecisionDatabases.com is proficient in providing syndicated research report, customized research reports, company profiles and industry databases across multiple domains. Our expert research analysts have been trained to map client’s research requirements to the correct research resource leading to a distinctive edge over its competitors. We provide intellectual, precise and meaningful data at a lightning speed. For more details: DecisionDatabases.com E-Mail: sales@decisiondatabases.com Phone: +91 99 28 237112 Web: www.decisiondatabases.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews Tagsdog food, dog food industry, Dog Food Industry Outlook, Dog Food Industry Report, Dog Food market, Dog Food Market Analysis, Dog Food Market Growth, Dog Food Market Report, Dog Food Market Share, Dog Food Market Size, Global Dog Food Market Report Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Memex Inc. to Present at the 7th Annual LD Micro Invitational Next PostNext Pediatric Healthcare Market Size, Status, Share and Technology Forecast to 2021 Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by DecisionDatabases Dog Food Market | Trend, Growth & Forecast Research Report 2014-2021 The new research report on Dog Food Market offered by DecisionDatabases.com provides Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast Till 2021. Dog food is defined as the food specifically designed for consumption by dogs to meet their nutritional requirements. Dogs have sharp, pointed teeth, and their digestive system is adapted for the consumption of meat. Hence, most of the dog foods are made of up animal grade ingredients. In addition, these dog foods are available in wide product ranges such as premium, economy and mid-range products to suit the buyer’s capacity to spend on their pets. The major drivers for fueling the demand of dog food are urbanization, increasing trend of nuclear families and increasing population of dogs as pets and humanization of street dogs. The rise in the purchasing power of the urban youths has also contributed to the growth in this sector. The growing trend of nuclear families has influenced people to have dogs at pets in their homes and societies. Owing to their lifestyles which is very hectic, they opt for readymade dog food to fulfill the nutritional requirements of their dogs. The increasing awareness regarding pet health and pet humanization has also influenced buying decisions and advanced the growth of the dog food market. Get FREE Sample Report Copy With FULL Segmentations and TOC @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/download-sample-639 The comprehensive value chain analysis of the market will assist in attaining better product differentiation, along with detailed understanding of the core competency of each activity involved. The market attractiveness analysis provided in the report aptly measures the potential value of the market providing business strategists with the latest growth opportunities. The report also covers the complete competitive landscape of the worldwide market with company profiles of key players such as Big Heart Pet Brands, Blue Buffalo Co Ltd., Colgate-Palmolive, Effem México SA de CV, Fressnapf Tiernahrungs GmbH, MaltaCleyton SA de CV, Mars, MPM Products Ltd., Nestlé Purina PetCare Co., Procter & Gamble, Vitakraft-Werke Wührmann & Sohn GmbH & Co KG and others. The report classifies the market into different segments based on Products. These segments are studied in detail incorporating the market estimates and forecasts at regional and country level. The segment analysis is useful in understanding the growth areas and probable opportunities of the market. Geographically, the Dog Food market has been segmented into regions such as North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, Middle East & Africa. The study details country-level aspects based on each segment and gives estimates in terms of market size. Major Table Of Contents: Introduction Executive Summary Market Analysis Dog Food Market Analysis By Products Dog Food Market Analysis By Geography Competitive Landscape Of The Dog Food Companies Company Profiles Of The Dog Food Industry Purchase Complete Global Dog Food Market Research Report At: http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/buy-now-639 About Us: DecisionDatabases.com is a global business research reports provider, enriching decision makers and strategists with qualitative statistics. DecisionDatabases.com is proficient in providing syndicated research report, customized research reports, company profiles and industry databases across multiple domains. Our expert research analysts have been trained to map client’s research requirements to the correct research resource leading to a distinctive edge over its competitors. We provide intellectual, precise and meaningful data at a lightning speed. For more details: DecisionDatabases.com E-Mail: sales@decisiondatabases.com Phone: +91 99 28 237112 Web: www.decisiondatabases.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews Tagsdog food, dog food industry, Dog Food Industry Outlook, Dog Food Industry Report, Dog Food market, Dog Food Market Analysis, Dog Food Market Growth, Dog Food Market Report, Dog Food Market Share, Dog Food Market Size, Global Dog Food Market Report Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Memex Inc. to Present at the 7th Annual LD Micro Invitational Next PostNext Pediatric Healthcare Market Size, Status, Share and Technology Forecast to 2021 Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Not a Subscriber? Sign up Today! Toggle navigation Logistics 3PL Global Trade Sustainability Transportation Air Freight Motor Freight Ocean Freight Ports Rail & Intermodal TMS Technology Cloud IoT Mobile & Wireless Software Warehouse Automation Warehouse/DC WMS Resources Whitepapers Special Reports Premiums Webcasts Buyers' Guide Magazine Archive Events MODEX ProMat SupplyChain Outlook IANA CSCMP NASSTRAC Subscribe Free Magazine Free Newsletter Digital Edition Customer Service Logistics Transportation Technology Warehouse Resources Whitepapers Special Reports Premiums Webcasts Buyers' Guide Magazine Archive Events MODEX ProMat SupplyChain Outlook IANA CSCMP NASSTRAC Subscribe Free Magazine Free Newsletter Digital Edition Customer Service 3PL Global Trade Sustainability Top Story 2017 Top 50 3PLs: Investment and Consolidation Maintain Traction Latest Resource The Evolving Role of 3PLs in Supply Chain Management News U.S. exits Paris Agreement. What happens now? AAR reports gains for carload and intermodal volumes for week ending May 27 UPS rolls out plans for new Arizona-based facility Cross-Border Logistics: NAFTA tune-up time ISM reports slight gain in May manufacturing output More News Air Freight Motor Freight Ocean Freight Ports Rail & Intermodal TMS Top Story Top 30 U.S. Ports 2017: Preparing for the uncertain Latest Resource Making the Case: A Modern-Day Transportation Management System News 2017 Rail/Intermodal Roundtable: Volume stable, business steady U.S. exits Paris Agreement. What happens now? AAR reports gains for carload and intermodal volumes for week ending May 27 UPS rolls out plans for new Arizona-based facility ISM reports slight gain in May manufacturing output More News Cloud IoT Mobile & Wireless Software Top Story The Evolution of the Digital Supply Chain Latest Resource Image-based Scanning for Inbound & Outbound Logistics News The Evolving Distribution Center Technology Stack Data discussions dominate ISM 2017 Freightos report takes deep dive into the ‘digitization’ of freight forwarding Going Beyond Rate Negotiations for Logistics Cost Savings 2017 Technology Roundtable: Tips & Technologies to Create a More “Intelligent” Logistics Operation More News Automation Warehouse/DC WMS Top Story Lift Trucks: A new technician vision Latest Resource A Revolution in Barcode Reading Technology: Benefits of Improved Read Rates in Logistics Scanning News ISM Semiannual report provides optimism for both non-manufacturing and manufacturing through 2017 2017 Technology Roundtable: Are we closer to “Intelligent” Logistics? The new breed of intelligent machines that are core to Industry 4.0 will eliminate waste ProMat 2017 Show Wrap Up: Over 350,000 square feet of expo space featured Newsroom Notes: Is the era of high inventories behind us? More News Gartner announces rankings of the 2017 Supply Chain Top 25 Winners revealed at Gartner Supply Chain Executive Conference in Phoenix, AZ, Unilever retains the top spot in rankings as Amazon joins the "Masters." Latest News 2017 Rail/Intermodal Roundtable: Volume stable, business steady U.S. exits Paris Agreement. What happens now? AAR reports gains for carload and intermodal volumes for week ending May 27 UPS rolls out plans for new Arizona-based facility Cross-Border Logistics: NAFTA tune-up time More News Latest Resource 2017 Top 50 3PLs: Investment and Consolidation Maintain Traction The trend set over the past few years for mergers and acquisitions has hardly subsided, and a fresh injection of equity investment is transforming the marketplace. At the same time, shippers may expect to see 3PLs continue to purchase high-tech “solutions” and hire young professionals for implementation. All Resources By MMH Staff · May 30, 2017 Gartner, Inc. has released the findings from its annual Supply Chain Top 25, identifying supply chain leaders and highlighting their best practices. Analysts announced the results at the Gartner Supply Chain Executive Conference, which is being held this week at the JW Marriott Desert Ridge Resort and Spa in Phoenix, AZ. “2017 marks the 13th year of our annual Supply Chain Top 25 ranking,” says Stan Aronow, research vice president at Gartner. “This year we have an impressive group of leaders with new lessons to share, including two more recent entrants from the high-tech and consumer product sectors.” Aronow told SCMR in an interview that he was surprised to discover how quickly the most mature supply chains have adopted digital capabilities, including cognitive computing and advanced warehouse and factory floor automation, in the last two years.  “There is a growing gap between these leaders and rest of the supply chain community,” he says. “The talent to go after the most leading-edge capabilities is limited and the solution market is still immature, so we’re now seeing partnerships and consortia form across elite companies, regardless of industry, along with top academic research institutions, to create their own solutions for cognitive planning, sourcing, logistics and manufacturing.” He adds that he is tracking whether all these technologies will be collaborative with supply chain workers (“cobots”, cognitive advisors, etc.) or if there will be a structural impact to supply chain organizations. “Despite some striking performances, however, today’s supply chain leaders face a much different business environment than just 12 months ago,” says Aronow. “A general trend toward protectionism, as evidenced by Brexit and the policies of the current U.S. administration, has caused some companies to shift supply network design decisions and create contingency plans in anticipation of new trade policies. Continued investment in innovative supply chain capabilities will be required to meet this changing landscape.” Unilever topped the Supply Chain Top 25 ranking for the second consecutive year in 2017, followed by McDonald’s, Inditex, Cisco and H&M (see Table 1). Two new companies made the Supply Chain Top 25, with Nokia rejoining after a seven-year hiatus and Diageo making the list for the first time. Rank Company Peer Opinion1 (169 voters) (25%) Gartner Opinion1 (38 voters) (25%) Three- Year Weighted ROA2 (20%) Inventory Turns3 (10%) Three- Year Weighted Revenue Growth4 (10%) CSR Component Score5 (10%) Composite Score6 1 Unilever 2,074 649 10.2% 6.8 1.9% 10.00 6.39 2 McDonald’s 1,264 442 13.9% 174.5 -4.2% 3.00 5.27 3 Inditex 1,192 337 16.3% 3.7 12.0% 10.00 4.98 4 Cisco Systems 1,018 524 8.3% 13.5 0.8% 10.00 4.82 5 H&M 901 208 22.0% 3.0 12.5% 10.00 4.63 6 Intel 952 486 10.5% 4.0 4.6% 7.00 4.42 7 Nestlé 1,159 345 7.9% 5.1 -0.6% 10.00 4.10 8 Nike 1,290 207 16.2% 3.8 7.9% 6.00 4.07 9 Colgate-Palmolive 843 313 18.0% 5.0 -4.9% 6.00 4.03 10 Starbucks 926 143 20.3% 11.1 12.7% 4.00 3.80 11 PepsiCo 974 356 8.5% 9.0 -1.8% 6.00 3.67 12 3M 553 210 15.3% 4.2 -1.1% 10.00 3.54 13 Johnson & Johnson 878 269 11.8% 2.6 0.4% 7.00 3.50 14 Coca Cola Company 1,579 232 7.8% 5.7 -4.2% 4.00 3.46 15 Nokia 315 133 5.8% 5.6 46.3% 10.00 3.32 16 BASF 579 298 6.1% 4.0 -10.6% 10.00 3.21 17 Schneider Electric 546 325 4.2% 5.1 -0.3% 10.00 3.15 18 Wal-Mart Stores 1,312 225 7.5% 8.0 0.6% 3.00 3.11 19 HP Inc. 399 275 6.6% 9.8 -5.4% 10.00 3.06 20 L’Oréal 657 174 10.4% 2.8 5.1% 5.00 2.72 21 Kimberly-Clark 607 163 11.8% 6.5 -2.6% 5.00 2.68 22 BMW 681 129 3.7% 4.1 6.6% 10.00 2.62 23 Diageo 481 190 8.9% 0.9 -1.7% 7.00 2.57 24 Lenovo 498 223 1.5% 14.0 7.2% 7.00 2.50 25 Samsung Electronics 958 100 7.3% 15.1 -3.6% 4.00 2.46 Perennial supply chain leader Amazon joined Apple and P&G in qualifying for the “Masters” category, which Gartner introduced in 2015 to recognize sustained leadership over the last 10 years. “Hardly a day goes by without another announcement of Amazon’s foray into a new market, ownership of its own logistics capabilities or filing of patents to improve customer experience,” says Aronow. One indicator of Amazon’s outsized influence on retail is the simultaneous real estate boom in distribution centers and bust of brick and mortar stores in the U.S. over the past two years. Apple continues to improve and innovate both its solutions and the means of producing them. While the company has backed off plans to produce its own cars, it is still actively working on autonomous vehicle technology and experimenting with augmented reality (AR) technologies. Consumer product giant P&G continues to innovate through digital automation of workflows, and the use of algorithm-driven tools to reduce exceptions and enable end-to-end planning. In recent years, P&G has also accelerated its investment in people and environmental initiatives. Along with the Masters category, the Supply Chain Top 25 continues to offer a platform for insights, learning, debate and contributions to the rising influence of supply chain practices on the global economy. May 30, 2017 Subscribe to Logistics Management Magazine! Subscribe today. It's FREE! Get timely insider information that you can use to better manage your entire logistics operation. Start your FREE subscription today! Article Topics 3PL · Gartner · logistics · All Topics Latest Whitepaper 2017 Top 50 3PLs: Investment and Consolidation Maintain Traction The trend set over the past few years for mergers and acquisitions has hardly subsided, and a fresh injection of equity investment is transforming the marketplace. At the same time, shippers may expect to see 3PLs continue to purchase high-tech “solutions” and hire young professionals for implementation. Download Today! From the May 2017 Issue The Evolution of the Digital Supply Chain Everyone is talking about terms like digitization, Industry 4.0 and digital supply chain management, but what sort of technologies fall under these broad terms, and how will they change the management capabilities at our disposal? To find out, we talked to some noted supply chain analysts, consultants and technology executives and gathered six digital trends to watch. Transportation Trends and Best Practices: The Battle for the Last Mile 2017 Technology Roundtable: Are we closer to “Intelligent” Logistics? View More From this Issue Subscribe to Our Email Newsletter Sign up today to receive our FREE, weekly email newsletter! Subscribe! *Please enter a valid email address Latest Webcast Going Beyond Rate Negotiations for Logistics Cost Savings The pressure to reduce cost is a fundamental part of every organization today leaving many supply chain professionals constantly renegotiating rates. This webcast examines four areas that may hold untapped savings potentials and even help organizations negotiate better rates. Register Today! EDITORS' PICKS 2017 Top 50 3PLs: Investment and Consolidation Maintain Traction The trend set over the past few years for mergers and acquisitions has hardly subsided, and a fresh... The Evolution of the Digital Supply Chain Everyone is talking about terms like digitization, Industry 4.0 and digital supply chain management,... 2017 Salary Survey: Fresh Voices Express Optimism Our “33rd Annual Salary Survey” reflects more diversity entering the logistics management... LM Exclusive: Major Modes Join E-commerce Mix While last mile carriers receive much of the attention, the traditional modal heavyweights are in... Logistics Management About us Subscribe to Logistics Management Magazine Follow us on RSS and Social Media Advertise with us Contact us Privacy policy Digital Edition Download 2017 Top 50 3PLs: Investment and Consolidation Maintain Traction The trend set over the past few years for mergers and acquisitions has hardly subsided, and a fresh injection of equity investment… Download Now Webcast Going Beyond Rate Negotiations for Logistics Cost Savings Thu, June 1, 2017 - 2:00 pm EDT  Sign up Peerless Media         Logistics Management Modern Materials Handling Supply Chain Management Review Material Handling Product News Supply Chain 24/7 Digital Engineering Peerless Media © Copyright 2017 Peerless Media LLC, a division of EH Publishing, Inc
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Amit Pawar Textile Reactive Softeners Market Outlook Supply, Growth Rate By Application (2017-2022) And Manufacturers Profiles The Textile Reactive Softeners Market report covers detailed competitive outlook including the market share and company profiles of the key participants operating in the market. In this report, the Textile Reactive Softeners market value in 2016 and expected value to by the end of 2022 and growth rate between 2016 and 2022 is mentioned. Worldwide Textile Reactive Softeners Market 2022, presents critical information and factual data about the Textile Reactive Softeners market, providing an overall statistical study of the Textile Reactive Softeners market on the basis of market drivers, Textile Reactive Softeners Market limitations, and its future prospects. The prevalent Textile Reactive Softeners trends and opportunities are also taken into consideration in Textile Reactive Softeners industry study. Textile Reactive Softeners Market 2022 report has Forecasted Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) in % value for particular period for Textile Reactive Softeners market, that will help user to take decision based on futuristic chart. Report also includes key players in Textile Reactive Softeners market. The market size is estimated in terms of revenue (US$) and production volume in this report. Request Sample Copy of Textile Reactive Softeners Market Report Here: http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-sample/10779386 The Top Companies Report is intended to provide our buyers with a snapshot of the industry’s most influential players. Top Key Players in the Textile Reactive Softeners Market Report are report are Procter & Gamble, Colgate-Palmolive Company, Hindustan Unilever Limited, Henkel AG & Co. KGaA, Reckitt Benckiser Group plc, Wacker Chemie, Momentive, Church & Dwight Co., Inc, Lion Corporation and others. The research report gives an overview of Textile Reactive Softeners industry on by analysing various key segments of this market based on the product types, application, and end-use industries, Textile Reactive Softeners market scenario. The regional distribution of the market is across the globe are considered for this Textile Reactive Softeners industry analysis, the result of which is utilized to estimate the performance of the market over the period from 2015 to forecasted year. By Product Analysis the Market is Segmented into Cationic Softeners, Anionic Softeners, Non-ionic Softeners and by End Users/Applications Analysis the Market is Segmented into Polyester Fabrics, Cotton Fabrics, Woolen Fabrics Have any Query Regarding the Textile Reactive Softeners Sales Market Report? Contact us at: http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10779386 By Regional Analysis the Textile Reactive Softeners Market is Segmented into North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India. All aspects of the Textile Reactive Softeners industry are quantitatively as well as qualitatively assessed to study the global as well as regional Textile Reactive Softeners market comparatively. The basic information such as the definition of the market, prevalent Textile Reactive Softeners industry chain, and the government regulations pertaining to the market are also discussed in the report. The product range of the Textile Reactive Softeners market is examined on the basis of their production chain, Textile Reactive Softeners pricing of products, and the profit generated by them. No. of pages: 102 Get the Full Textile Reactive Softeners Market Report for $ 2900 (Single User Licence) at: http://www.absolutereports.com/purchase/10779386 CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Aloha Browser integra reproductor de RV nativo Next PostNext Borosilicate Glass Tubes Market Analysis By Regions, Revenue, Import/ Export, Cost, Price, Production & Size 2022 Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Market Focus on Digital Dental Technologies in Dental Adhesives Market 2017-2021 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 05/31/2017 — About Dental Adhesives: Dental adhesives are type of glues which are used for attachment of dental crowns and dentures. It helps in dental restoration, minimizes dental sensitivity, reduces the chances of infection, and provides stability between the tooth and gum. Technavios analysts forecast the global dental adhesives market to grow at a CAGR of 5.96% during the period 2017-2021. View Report @ http://www.marketresearchreports.biz/analysis/1107511 Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global dental adhesives market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers revenue generated from the sales of various types of adhesives products such as resin, dental adhesive cream, and dental adhesive strips. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: Americas APAC EMEA Technavio’s report, Global Dental Adhesives Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors Dentsply Sirona GSK 3M Ultradent Products Get Sample Copy Of this Report @ http://www.marketresearchreports.biz/sample/sample/1107511 Other prominent vendors BISCO Dental Speed Graph DETAX Ettlingen Dental Tech Esschem Europe GC Corporation GluStitch Harvard Dental Heraeus Kulzer Ivoclar Vivadent JJ Orthodontics Kerr Kuraray America Medicept PDT Prime Dental Manufacturing Procter & Gamble Queisser Pharma SDI Limited SEABOND Septodont Sino-dentex Wuhe Greenland Biotech YAMAHACHI DENTAL Market driver Increasing number of patient pool for dental procedures For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge Migration of oral health professionals For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend Focus on digital dental technologies in dental shows For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? What are the key market trends? What is driving this market? What are the challenges to market growth? Who are the key vendors in this market space? What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? You can request one free hour of our analysts time when you purchase this market report. Details are provided within the report. About MarketResearchReports.biz MarketResearchReports.biz is the most comprehensive collection of market research reports. MarketResearchReports.Biz services are specially designed to save time and money for our clients. We are a one stop solution for all your research needs, our main offerings are syndicated research reports, custom research, subscription access and consulting services. We serve all sizes and types of companies spanning across various industries. Contact Mr. Nachiket State Tower 90 Sate Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-621-2074 Website: http://www.marketresearchreports.biz/ E: sales@marketresearchreports.biz CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious MS Resin (SMMA) Market Analysis, Guidelines Overview and Upcoming Trends Forecast till 2022 Next PostNext LiceDoctors Lice Removal Service Featured in June 2017 Issue of Scientific American Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Global Market Focus on Digital Dental Technologies in Dental Adhesives Market 2017-2021 Global Market Focus on Digital Dental Technologies in Dental Adhesives Market 2017-2021 Posted on May 31, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. The Report Global Dental Adhesives Market 2017-2021 provides information on pricing, market analysis, shares, forecast, and company profiles for key industry participants. – MarketResearchReports.biz Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 05/31/2017 — About Dental Adhesives: Dental adhesives are type of glues which are used for attachment of dental crowns and dentures. It helps in dental restoration, minimizes dental sensitivity, reduces the chances of infection, and provides stability between the tooth and gum. Technavios analysts forecast the global dental adhesives market to grow at a CAGR of 5.96% during the period 2017-2021. View Report @ http://www.marketresearchreports.biz/analysis/1107511 Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global dental adhesives market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers revenue generated from the sales of various types of adhesives products such as resin, dental adhesive cream, and dental adhesive strips. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: Americas APAC EMEA Technavio's report, Global Dental Adhesives Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors Dentsply Sirona GSK 3M Ultradent Products Get Sample Copy Of this Report @ http://www.marketresearchreports.biz/sample/sample/1107511 Other prominent vendors BISCO Dental Speed Graph DETAX Ettlingen Dental Tech Esschem Europe GC Corporation GluStitch Harvard Dental Heraeus Kulzer Ivoclar Vivadent JJ Orthodontics Kerr Kuraray America Medicept PDT Prime Dental Manufacturing Procter & Gamble Queisser Pharma SDI Limited SEABOND Septodont Sino-dentex Wuhe Greenland Biotech YAMAHACHI DENTAL Market driver Increasing number of patient pool for dental procedures For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge Migration of oral health professionals For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend Focus on digital dental technologies in dental shows For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? What are the key market trends? What is driving this market? What are the challenges to market growth? Who are the key vendors in this market space? What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? You can request one free hour of our analysts time when you purchase this market report. Details are provided within the report. About MarketResearchReports.biz MarketResearchReports.biz is the most comprehensive collection of market research reports. MarketResearchReports.Biz services are specially designed to save time and money for our clients. We are a one stop solution for all your research needs, our main offerings are syndicated research reports, custom research, subscription access and consulting services. We serve all sizes and types of companies spanning across various industries. Contact Mr. Nachiket State Tower 90 Sate Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-621-2074 Website: http://www.marketresearchreports.biz/ E: sales@marketresearchreports.biz For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/dental-adhesives/release-813846.htm Media Relations Contact Mr. Nachiket Business Head marketresearchreports.biz Telephone: 1-518-621-2074 Email: Click to Email Mr. Nachiket Web: http://www.marketresearchreports.biz/ Latest News Global Fracking Chemicals and Fluid Industry Production, Sales Revenue and Opportunity 2017 to 2021 Global Nuclear Main Steam and Feed Water Isolation Valves Industry Production, Sales Revenue and Opportunity 2017 to 2021 Global Injectable Drug Delivery Devices Industry Production, Sales Revenue and Opportunity 2017 to 2021 Global Oil & Gas Drill Bits Industry Production, Sales Revenue and Opportunity 2017 to 2021 Global Planting Machinery Industry Production, Sales Revenue and Opportunity 2017 to 2021 Global Market Focus on Digital Dental Technologies in Dental Adhesives Market 2017-2021 Usage of Advanced Orthodontic Services Marketo Grow at a CAGR of 12.51% During the Period 2017-2021 Growing Need for Building-Integrated Photovoltaic Skylights Market to Grow at 10.16% CAGR to 2021 Global Artificial Intelligence (AI) Market in Agriculture Industryo Grow at a CAGR of 22.68% During the Period 2017-2021 Growing Preference for Telemedicine and M-Health Convergence Market Segment by Type Treatment, Service © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by DecisionDatabases Cat Food Market | Global Industry Research Report 2014-2021 Latest Release By DecisionDatabases The new research report on Cat Food Market offered by DecisionDatabases.com provides Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast Till 2021. Cat food is a nutritional meal aimed at its consumption for immunity and health. Nowadays, having cats as pets has become an important part of the modern lifestyle. The cat’s health is also a big concern for the cat owners. Cats require specific vitamins and amino acids for e.g. taurine which is found within meat gets degraded during processing, so synthetic taurine is added afterwards. Non-availability of such vitamins and minerals can result in retinal degeneration, loss of vision and cardiac damage. The presence of cat food can be seen in three forms: dry cat food, wet cat food and cat treats and mixtures. Dry cat food represents the premium product in the cat food segment. Wet cat food generally represents economy and mid-range segments in cat food market. Cat treats and mixture are the lately developed forms of cat food which have gained prominence in the market. Get FREE Sample Report Copy With FULL Segmentations and TOC @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/download-sample-368 The comprehensive value chain analysis of the market will assist in attaining better product differentiation, along with detailed understanding of the core competency of each activity involved. The market attractiveness analysis provided in the report aptly measures the potential value of the market providing business strategists with the latest growth opportunities. The report also covers the complete competitive landscape of the worldwide market with company profiles of key players such as Mars, Nestlé Purina PetCare Co., Procter & Gamble, Blue Buffalo Co. Ltd., MPM Products Ltd., Colgate-Palmolive, Big Heart Pet Brands, Effem México SA de CV, MaltaCleyton SA de CV, Fressnapf Tiernahrungs GmbH and Vitakraft-Werke Wührmann & Sohn GmbH & Co. KG. The report classifies the market into different segments based on Products. These segments are studied in detail incorporating the market estimates and forecasts at regional and country level. The segment analysis is useful in understanding the growth areas and probable opportunities of the market. Geographically, the Cat Food market has been segmented into regions such as North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, Middle East & Africa. The study details country-level aspects based on each segment and gives estimates in terms of market size. Major Table Of Contents: Introduction Executive Summary Market Analysis Cat Food Market Analysis By Product Cat Food Market Analysis By Region Competitive Landscape Of The Cat Food Companies Company Profiles Of The Cat Food Industry Purchase Complete Global Cat Food Market Research Report At: http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/buy-now-368 About Us: DecisionDatabases.com is a global business research reports provider, enriching decision makers and strategists with qualitative statistics. DecisionDatabases.com is proficient in providing syndicated research report, customized research reports, company profiles and industry databases across multiple domains. Our expert research analysts have been trained to map client’s research requirements to the correct research resource leading to a distinctive edge over its competitors. We provide intellectual, precise and meaningful data at a lightning speed. For more details: DecisionDatabases.com E-Mail: sales@decisiondatabases.com Phone: +91 99 28 237112 Web: www.decisiondatabases.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsCat Food, cat food industry, Cat Food Industry Outlook, Cat Food Industry Report, Cat Food Market, Cat Food Market Analysis, Cat Food Market Growth, Cat Food Market Report, Cat Food Market Share, Cat Food Market Size, Food, Global Cat Food Market Report Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Industrial Grease Market: Major Manufacturers, Growth Factors, Analysis & Forecast to 2021 Next PostNext Facsimile Machine Market Expected to Generate Largest Revenue from Industry Worldwide says Latest Report 2021 Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by DecisionDatabases Cat Food Market | Global Industry Research Report 2014-2021 Latest Release By DecisionDatabases The new research report on Cat Food Market offered by DecisionDatabases.com provides Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast Till 2021. Cat food is a nutritional meal aimed at its consumption for immunity and health. Nowadays, having cats as pets has become an important part of the modern lifestyle. The cat’s health is also a big concern for the cat owners. Cats require specific vitamins and amino acids for e.g. taurine which is found within meat gets degraded during processing, so synthetic taurine is added afterwards. Non-availability of such vitamins and minerals can result in retinal degeneration, loss of vision and cardiac damage. The presence of cat food can be seen in three forms: dry cat food, wet cat food and cat treats and mixtures. Dry cat food represents the premium product in the cat food segment. Wet cat food generally represents economy and mid-range segments in cat food market. Cat treats and mixture are the lately developed forms of cat food which have gained prominence in the market. Get FREE Sample Report Copy With FULL Segmentations and TOC @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/download-sample-368 The comprehensive value chain analysis of the market will assist in attaining better product differentiation, along with detailed understanding of the core competency of each activity involved. The market attractiveness analysis provided in the report aptly measures the potential value of the market providing business strategists with the latest growth opportunities. The report also covers the complete competitive landscape of the worldwide market with company profiles of key players such as Mars, Nestlé Purina PetCare Co., Procter & Gamble, Blue Buffalo Co. Ltd., MPM Products Ltd., Colgate-Palmolive, Big Heart Pet Brands, Effem México SA de CV, MaltaCleyton SA de CV, Fressnapf Tiernahrungs GmbH and Vitakraft-Werke Wührmann & Sohn GmbH & Co. KG. The report classifies the market into different segments based on Products. These segments are studied in detail incorporating the market estimates and forecasts at regional and country level. The segment analysis is useful in understanding the growth areas and probable opportunities of the market. Geographically, the Cat Food market has been segmented into regions such as North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, Middle East & Africa. The study details country-level aspects based on each segment and gives estimates in terms of market size. Major Table Of Contents: Introduction Executive Summary Market Analysis Cat Food Market Analysis By Product Cat Food Market Analysis By Region Competitive Landscape Of The Cat Food Companies Company Profiles Of The Cat Food Industry Purchase Complete Global Cat Food Market Research Report At: http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/buy-now-368 About Us: DecisionDatabases.com is a global business research reports provider, enriching decision makers and strategists with qualitative statistics. DecisionDatabases.com is proficient in providing syndicated research report, customized research reports, company profiles and industry databases across multiple domains. Our expert research analysts have been trained to map client’s research requirements to the correct research resource leading to a distinctive edge over its competitors. We provide intellectual, precise and meaningful data at a lightning speed. For more details: DecisionDatabases.com E-Mail: sales@decisiondatabases.com Phone: +91 99 28 237112 Web: www.decisiondatabases.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsCat Food, cat food industry, Cat Food Industry Outlook, Cat Food Industry Report, Cat Food Market, Cat Food Market Analysis, Cat Food Market Growth, Cat Food Market Report, Cat Food Market Share, Cat Food Market Size, Food, Global Cat Food Market Report Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Industrial Grease Market: Major Manufacturers, Growth Factors, Analysis & Forecast to 2021 Next PostNext Facsimile Machine Market Expected to Generate Largest Revenue from Industry Worldwide says Latest Report 2021 Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by DecisionDatabases Fatty Alcohol Market | Outlook Research Report 2014-2021 Release By DecisionDatabases DecisionDatabases.com offers Fatty Alcohol Market Research Report. This Report covers the complete Industry Outlook, Growth, Size, Share and Forecast Till 2021. Fatty alcohols are synthetically processed chemical compounds derived from plant and animal fats. Fatty alcohols are oily liquids also known as oleochemicals as they are derivatives of natural oil and fats like vegetable oils and waxes. Mostly, fatty alcohols are used in the production of surfactants and detergents due to their non-anionic nature. Fatty alcohols also find applications in various end user industries like cosmetics, food, personal care, printing and textile industry. Fatty alcohol is also derived from petrochemicals by chemically processing ethylene. Fatty alcohol is used as an emulsifier, thickeners, emollients and lubricating agent. These vital features and aspects of fatty alcohol increases it overall market value as a chemical product. Applications segment the global fatty alcohol market into personal care, amines, soaps & detergents, lubricants and others. Global fatty alcohol market is further classified by products into C6-C10 fatty alcohols, C11-C14 fatty alcohols and C15-C22 fatty alcohols. Get FREE Sample Report Copy With FULL Segmentations and TOC @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/download-sample-361 The comprehensive value chain analysis of the market will assist in attaining better product differentiation, along with detailed understanding of the core competency of each activity involved. The market attractiveness analysis provided in the report aptly measures the potential value of the market providing business strategists with the latest growth opportunities. The report also covers the complete competitive landscape of the worldwide market with company profiles of key players such as BASF SE, AkzoNobel, Wilmar International, Emery Oleochemicals, Evonik Industries, Ecogreen oleochemicals, Godrej Industries, Cargill, Eastman Chemical Company, Vegetable Vitamin Foods Company, P&G Chemicals, Croda Chemicals Company, MYRIANT, Alnor Oil Co, Inc. and Isosciences LLC. The report classifies the market into different segments based on Product and Application. These segments are studied in detail incorporating the market estimates and forecasts at regional and country level. The segment analysis is useful in understanding the growth areas and probable opportunities of the market. Geographically, the Fatty Alcohol market has been segmented into regions such as North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, Middle East & Africa. The study details country-level aspects based on each segment and gives estimates in terms of market size. Major Table Of Contents: Introduction Executive Summary Market Analysis Fatty Alcohol Market Analysis By Product Fatty Alcohol Market Analysis By Application Fatty Alcohol Market Analysis By Region Competitive Landscape Of The Fatty Alcohol Companies Company Profiles Of The Fatty Alcohol Industry Purchase Complete Global Fatty Alcohol Market Research Report At: http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/buy-now-361 About Us: DecisionDatabases.com is a global business research reports provider, enriching decision makers and strategists with qualitative statistics. DecisionDatabases.com is proficient in providing syndicated research report, customized research reports, company profiles and industry databases across multiple domains. Our expert research analysts have been trained to map client’s research requirements to the correct research resource leading to a distinctive edge over its competitors. We provide intellectual, precise and meaningful data at a lightning speed. For more details: DecisionDatabases.com E-Mail: sales@decisiondatabases.com Phone: +91 99 28 237112 Web: www.decisiondatabases.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsChemical and Advanced Materials, Chemicals, Fatty Alcohol, Fatty Alcohol industry, Fatty Alcohol Industry Outlook, Fatty Alcohol Industry Report, Fatty Alcohol Market, Fatty Alcohol Market Analysis, Fatty Alcohol Market Growth, Fatty Alcohol Market Report, Fatty Alcohol Market Share, Fatty Alcohol Market Size, Global Fatty Alcohol Market Report Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Aluminum Oxide Sales Market Revenue, Key Players, Supply-Demand, Investment Feasibility and Forecast 2022 Next PostNext Alkyl Amine Sales Market Revenue, Key Players, Supply-Demand, Investment Feasibility and Forecast 2022 Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Rahul Jadhav 2017-2022: Body Mist Industry and Global Market Expected to Grow with a Strong CAGR Orbis Research has announced the addition of the Global Body Mist Market by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis.​ Introduction Body Mist or Body spray is a perfume product, similar to aerosol deodorant, which is intended to be used elsewhere on the body besides the armpits. Body sprays are lighter in strength than cologne, generally less expensive, and double as deodorant. Scope of the Global Body Mist Market Report This report focuses on the Body Mist in Global market, especially in North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa. This report categorizes the market based on manufacturers, regions, type and application. Request a Sample of this Report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/305925 . This report covers Analysis of Global Body Mist Market Segment by Manufacturers Este Lauder L Brands LOral LVMH Shiseido Amway Avon Products Burberry Chatters Canada Coty Edgewell Personal Care Henkel Johnson & Johnson Kao Marchesa Mary Kay O Boticrio Procter & Gamble Revlon Unilever Parfums de Coeur Calvin Klein Jovan Dolce & Gabana Curve Drakkar Nike Adidas Axe Impulse Analysis of Global Body Mist Market Segment by regions  North America (USA, Canada and Mexico) Europe (Germany, France, UK, Russia and Italy) Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India and Southeast Asia) South America (Brazil, Argentina, Columbia etc.) Middle East and Africa (Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt, Nigeria and South Africa) Browse the full report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/global-body-mist-market-by-manufacturers-countries-type-and-application-forecast-to-2022 . Global Body Mist Market Segment by Types Moisturizing Mist Kill Odor Mist Others Global Body Mist Market Segment by Applications, can be divided into  For Men For Women Some of the Points cover in Global Body Mist Market Research Report is: Chapter 1: Describe Body Mist Industry Introduction, Product Scope, Market Overview, Market Opportunities, Market Risk, Market Driving Force Chapter 2: To analyze the top manufacturers of Body Mist Industry in 2016 and 2017 Sales Revenue and price Chapter 9 and 10: Global Body Mist Market by type and application from 2012 to 2017 Sales Revenue and market share Growth rate Chapter 11: Body Mist Industry Market forecast from 2017 to 2022 Regions Type and application with sales and revenue Chapter 12 and 13: Body Mist Industry Sales channel Distributors Traders and dealers Appendix Data source Check discount of the report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/discount/305925 . CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews Tagsbody mist industry, Body Mist Market, global body mist market 2022 forecast Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Revenue Cycle Management (RCM) Market Deep Research Study with Forecast by 2025 Next PostNext Morphine Sulfate Market Size (Value) Worldwide Industry Growth, Share, Trends, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us: SUBSCRIBE NOW My Profile Log out LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age MenuClose Advertising Age Search Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Video Making Sense of the Connected Life Connected devices from Amazon Echo to smart toothbrushes are taking over, but few of us recognize their real power and potential. Featured Super Bowl Ad Archive Best Places to Work Women to Watch 40 Under 40 Agency Report Leading National Advertisers Tagline Podcast Required Reading The 2017 Marketing Fact Pack Opinion See All DigitalNext The Media Guy Agency Viewpoint Rance Crain Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Log Out Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Now Log Out Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search 8 Trends Ahead for the $263 Billion Licensing Industry By Michael Stone and Allison Ames - 5 hours ago Array 0 Vodka Rebellion: Behind the Rise of New Amsterdam and Tito's By E.J. Schultz - 10 hours ago Array 0 Tiny Toast is Toast: General Mills Benches Brand Name By Jessica Wohl - 10 hours ago Array 0 What Mary Meeker Has to Say About Snapchat's TV Dreams By Garett Sloane - 16 hours ago Array 0 The Short, Happy Life of NBC's New 'Must-See TV' By Anthony Crupi - 17 hours ago Array 0 Vodka Rebellion: Behind the Rise of New Amsterdam and Tito's By E.J. Schultz - 10 hours ago 0 The Short, Happy Life of NBC's New 'Must-See TV' By Anthony Crupi - 17 hours ago 0 Tiny Toast is Toast: General Mills Benches Brand Name By Jessica Wohl - 10 hours ago 0 Ads.txt Could Wipe Out a Legion of Programmatic Ad Players. That's Good By Ian Trider - 20 hours ago 0 This Mobile McDonald's Drive-Thru Puts Other Food Trucks to Shame By Ann-Christine Diaz - 23 hours ago 0 Ad Age's Women to Watch 2017 - 11 hours ago 0 Marketers Struggle With Viewability IRL, Too By Jack Neff - 18 hours ago 0 Ballad of the Sad White Alpha Men By Simon Dumenco - 18 hours ago 0 NBC Wins Broadcast TV's Annual War of Attrition By Anthony Crupi - Yesterday 0 Strahan Reveals Locker Room Secrets (And What He Thinks of Ryan Seacrest) By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 11 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US × Sign In Register Sign In Forgot Password? Once registered, you can: - Read additional free articles each month - Comment on articles and featured creative work - Get our curated newsletters delivered to your inbox Register Now By registering you agree to our privacy policy, terms & conditions and to receive occasional emails from Ad Age. You may unsubscribe at any time. Are you a print subscriber? Activate your account. Women to Watch Women To Watch Alumnae: Where Are They Now? Published on May 30, 2017. Most Popular This is the 21st year Ad Age is publishing Women to Watch, and over those two decades our honorees have gone on to even greater things. Here, we check in with 16 of our past Women to Watch to see where they are today. Mary Barra, the first female chairman-CEO of General Motors, was a Woman to Watch in 2012 when she was senior VP-global product development at the automaker. Dawn Hudson, now exec VP-chief marketing officer at the National Football League, made our list in 1997 when she was exec VP-sales and marketing at Frito-Lay. Carol H. Williams, founder of Carol H. Williams Advertising, who made our list in 2002, was inducted into the Advertising Hall of Fame this year. Linda Yaccarino, named to our Women to Watch in 2007 as exec VP-general manager of ad sales and marketing at Turner, is now chairman-ad sales and partnerships at NBC Universal. Donna Speciale, a Woman to Watch in 2001 as exec VP-director of local and national broadcast at MediaCom, is now president of Turner Ad Sales. Fiona Carter, Class of '06 while exec VP-integration director on Bank of America at Omnicom, is now chief brand officer at the nation's second largest advertiser, AT&T. Kathleen Brookbanks, Class of '03 as managing director of OMD Midwest, is now chief operating officer at Hearts & Science. Marla Kaplowitz, the new president-CEO of the 4A's, made the list in 2012 as CEO of MEC North America. Tamara Ingram, named to our Women to Watch list in 2007 as president-Team P&G at WPP Group, is now worldwide CEO at WPP's JWT. Anne Bologna, chief strategy officer at iCrossing, was a Woman to Watch in 2008 when she was a founding partner of Toy. Morgan Flatley, recently named U.S. CMO at McDonald's, was a Woman to Watch in 2014 when she was VP-marketing at Gatorade. In the McDonald's post, she succeeds Deborah Wahl, Women to Watch Class of '02, who was then corporate manager-marketing communications at Toyota Motor Sales USA. Maryam Banikarim, Class of 2011 when she was senior VP-CMO at Gannett, is now global CMO of Hyatt Hotels. And just this month four Women to Watch moved up: Chloe Gottlieb, Class of 2016 as exec VP-exec creative director at R/GA, was promoted to joint chief creative officer for the agency. Lauren Hobart, Class of 2010 when she was CMO-sparkling brands at PepsiCo, became president of Dick's Sporting Goods. Mari Kim Novak, a Woman to Watch last year as CMO of Rubicon Project, was named president of Advertising Week. Lindsay Pattison, named to the Class of 2015 as global CEO of Maxus, was appointed chief transformation officer at Maxus parent GroupM. Credit: file photos In this article: Agencies Automotive Special Report: Women to Watch Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Site by AREA 17
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Portfolio Watchlist Markets Inside the Market Funds & ETFs Investment Ideas Personal Finance Retirement Home» Globe Investor» Globe Advisor Darren Sissons of Campbell Lee & Ross Investment Management recommends investing in a long-term dividend growth strategy. Another option is looking for cyclical growth companies at the bottom of their industries’ economic cycle. (Glenn Lowson/The Globe and Mail) Darren Sissons of Campbell Lee & Ross Investment Management recommends investing in a long-term dividend growth strategy. Another option is looking for cyclical growth companies at the bottom of their industries’ economic cycle. (Glenn Lowson/The Globe and Mail) STRATEGY How would you invest a $10,000 windfall? Add to ... TERRY CAIN Special to The Globe and Mail Published Tuesday, May 30, 2017 7:00PM EDT Last updated Tuesday, May 30, 2017 1:10PM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Say you are given $10,000, perhaps from someone’s estate. You already have a decent, well-balanced retirement portfolio, so this money is really the frosting on the cake. How would you invest it? Last September we published a range of opinions on this question. We contacted a different group this time around, and here are some of the most interesting responses. Andy Nasr, vice-president, capital markets, and investment strategist, Sentry Investments Mr. Nasr favours “going international” with the windfall. He notes that valuation risk, policy risk and political risk – issues that every investor faces – can be mitigated through diversification by asset class and geography. His firm has increased its international weighting as it sees diminished political risk and an improvement in European economic growth. Mr. Nasr notes, however, that most international indices are dominated by “old economy” stocks and sectors, such as financials, materials, energy and industrials, with elevated debt and cost structures. Therefore he recommends an actively managed portfolio of large multinationals with strong balance sheets, preferably with little North American exposure, to maximize the benefits of diversification. His first pick is Shenzhou International Group Holdings Ltd., which specializes in manufacturing high-end Flyknit materials used in sneakers. He also likes Kering SA, a French luxury-goods holding company that owns well-known brands such as Gucci, Puma and Saint Laurent. A third choice is Cap Gemini Sogeti SA, the management and consulting firm that is becoming a leader in providing its services through cloud computing. Jeff Hull, senior financial advisor, Manulife Securities Mr. Hull took a different approach to the $10,000 windfall question, using it as a lesson in the power of a “kinetic chain,” which “can accelerate and compound the benefits and the rates of return,” he says. Here’s his example. First, if you can take advantage of a one-for-one employee stock-matching program at your company, your $10,000 to invest suddenly becomes $20,000. Then you can slide those shares over into your RRSP as an in-kind contribution and generate a tax deduction on the full $20,000 amount. Then, if you happen to have children, you can continue the kinetic chain by contributing part of that tax refund to your children’s registered education savings plan (RESP). “You started with $10,000 and now you have $28,400 working for you, which is a known gain in advance of almost 200 per cent – and you haven’t even calculated any gains on the actual investments yet,” says Mr. Hull. He also notes that even without the initial benefit of an employee share-ownership plan, the benefits of the other steps still apply. “People forget to capture these types of opportunities,” he says. “Tactically utilize opportunities and loopholes, and line them up like dominoes in order to take advantage of the momentum of a kinetic chain to accelerate and maximize your money.” Darren Sissons, vice-president and portfolio manager, Campbell Lee & Ross Investment Management Considering the person in this example already has a healthy portfolio, Mr. Sissons recommends considering spending the new funds on travel or other meaningful enjoyment, or donating to charity. But he also has investment options. His first is a long-term dividend growth strategy – that is, investing in market-leading, safe and secure companies that can be held for a long time. This would include firms with a history of dividend growth, such as Enbridge Inc., Nestlé SA or Procter & Gamble Co. Mr. Sissons calls his second option “cyclical alpha trades.” By that he means market-leading cyclical growth companies experiencing the lows of their industries’ economic cycle. He cites oil-field services companies such as Halliburton Co. or companies set to benefit from a rise in mining development, such as Atlas Copco AB. Mr. Sissons has a third investing option for those with a deeper appetite for risk and the ability to actively trade. “Distressed debt and turnaround equity investments would be an interesting segment to target,” he says. He points to the significant rallies in the debt and equity of Home Capital Group Inc. as the company recovered from a serious crisis of confidence. Jennifer Radman, head of North American equities and senior portfolio manager, Caldwell Investment Management Ms. Radman recommends the recipient of the $10,000 windfall use it to invest in a fund that has outperformed the TSX composite index across all major time frames, such as the Caldwell Canadian Value Momentum Fund, which she manages. She says her firm’s proprietary process helps it identify the most attractive stocks to own, while its quantitative analysis points out which stocks to sell. These signals provide discipline to the investment process. Two of the fund’s top performers in April were Calian Group Ltd. and AG Growth International Inc. Two stocks that were added to the portfolio were Martinrea International Inc. and BRP Inc. Greg Newman, senior wealth advisor and portfolio manager, Scotia Wealth Management Mr. Newman chose to take a philosophical approach. “For me it is both permissible and obligatory to try to ‘shoot out the lights’ – but if and only if one actually ‘sees the trade,’” by which he means being completely convinced of the tremendous opportunity of the investment. He notes examples where he has done this, such as recommending Facebook Inc. shares when they were in the range of $20 (U.S.) a share, Apple Inc. in the $70s, and, more recently, Shopify Inc. before it hit $30. Finding these big opportunities is usually a function of experience, hard work and the strength to stay the course through all the ups and downs, he notes. “So if one is looking for the frosting on the cake, I say keep it in cash until the right idea comes along.” Report Typo/Error Follow us on Twitter: @GlobeInvestor Also on The Globe and Mail Money Monitor: Investing vs. paying down a mortgage (The Canadian Press)   ENB-TEnbridge Inc Latest Price$52.73 +0.06 (+0.11%) PG-NProcter & Gamble Co Latest Price$88.59 +0.46 (+0.52%) HCG-THome Capital Group Inc Latest Price$9.18 +0.11 (+1.21%) HAL-NHalliburton Co Latest Price$45.30 -0.19 (-0.42%) Updated June 2 4:00 PM EDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story Sustainability Investors turn two shades of green in fossil-fuel strategies Advisor Insights Millennial women taking over as household CFOs Stocks Is it a weed or a flower? Tend your portfolio Strategy If the aging bull market makes you nervous, consider these tips Exchange-traded funds Hybrid ETFs may offer the best of both worlds Exchange-traded funds Looking for potential in commodities Millennials TFSAs are a great tool for millennial savers and investors Topics Energy Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » News Kathy Griffin says Trump family trying to ruin her News Video: On Toronto Islands, flooding is becoming a part of life News Trudeau says Canadian governments ‘won’t rest’ on opioid crisis News 'Enough is enough' in approach to U.K. terror threat: Theresa May News Video: 'I'm going to stand up for London': resident recalls night of terror attack News London police respond to deadly terror attack Report on Business Barrie McKenna: Ottawa fighting back in NAFTA trade war, but at what cost? Report on Business Gen Y Money: What you need to know about owning and buying a condo News Ottawa mayor says Canada Day security will be ‘heightened’ Arts Stars come together for One Love Manchester concert News Manila casino shows video of gunman's attack News Trump's climate call gets bad reception in Asia ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor For low-income employees, Ontario’s minimum wage hike is ‘a good start’ Life Young travellers plan Canada 150 meet-ups on Via Rail Most popular Anticipation builds as Comey set to break silence on Trump New concerns emerge over Conservative leadership voting process updated London terror attack: Canadian killed identified as Chrissy Archibald of B.C. John Doyle: One Love Manchester was a powerful, defiant act of joy Enbridge eyes pipeline expansion after merger with Spectra Energy X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters The New York Times Get digital access or the printed edition delivered to your door. Subscribe to The New York Times Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Globe Investor is part of The Globe and Mail's Report on Business Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Hylink Digital’s Humphrey Ho Joins Board Of Directors For Los Angeles Area Chamber Of Commerce LOS ANGELES, May 30, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Hylink Digital is pleased to announce that Humphrey Ho, managing director of Hylink Digital US, has been appointed to the board of directors for the Los Angeles Area Chamber of Commerce, one of the leading organizations working to improve the business climate and address policy issues affecting L.A.’s future. His appointment was effective March 15, 2017. L.A. Chamber President & CEO Gary Toebben issued the following today regarding the appointment of Humphrey Ho to the board of directors: „We are delighted that Mr. Ho will be joining the Board of Directors of the Los Angeles Area Chamber of Commerce. Hylink Digital is highly regarded for its expertise in digital marketing and he will be a great connection for Chamber members to Chinese-owned businesses and technology companies.” Ho brings a wealth of experience to the Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce. Prior to his role at Hylink Digital, he oversaw programmatic efforts in both mobile and video as a Strategic Partnerships Leader at Google China. He previously brought in local partners and clientele as Business Director at Wieden+Kennedy Shanghai and was the Director of Business Operations at one of the top independent boutique advertising agencies, Leagas Delaney Shanghai, which he helped transform from a project-based enterprise to a top-quality strategic, and creative retainer. With achievements recognized by the business world at large, Ho was awarded „Top 30 Under 30” award in 2009, and for the past five years has served as a China lecturer for business schools, where he seeks to empower the next generation of business leaders. At age 23, he founded Speechbobble, a social network enterprise. He holds an MBA from Ryerson University and a bachelor’s degree in Neuroscience from the University of Toronto. „I am honored to serve on the board and carry out the mission of the Los Angeles Area Chamber of Commerce. I look forward to working with the board and management team to continue to give back to the community that has given my family and my business the opportunities of a lifetime,” said Ho. Early last year, Hylink Digital opened its global headquarters in Los Angeles. Hylink Digital opened in 1994 in Beijing, and has since grown to 2,200 employees across eighteen offices, boasting clients such as Shanghai General Motors, Estee Lauder, and Procter & Gamble. Today, Hylink is the largest native digital advertising agency in China. For more information, please contact: Press Contact Madelyn Fitzpatrick, Head of International PR madelyn.f@hylinkgroup.com 1(281) 253-4398 About Hylink Digital Hylink Digital is China’s largest, independent digital full service agency. Ranked #1 Digital Agency by China Internet (CI) Weekly Magazine for eight consecutive years in a row, 2009-2016; and named a multi-year Effie Greater China Most Effective Independent Agency Network of the Year. Hylink Digital is comprised of industry leading units in the following disciplines: digital media, interactive creative, programmatic, SEM, content marketing and investment, EPR/social, research and insights. With headquarters in Beijing, the agency has a total of sixteen offices worldwide. Hylink Digital services Fortune Global 500 companies, both headquartered in the U.S. and abroad. For more information, visit www.hylinkgroup.com, or follow Hylink on Twitter at @hylinkdigital. About Los Angeles Area Chamber of Commerce The Los Angeles Area Chamber of Commerce represents the interests of business in L.A. County. Founded in 1888, the Chamber promotes a prosperous economy and quality of life in the Los Angeles region.  For more information, visit www.lachamber.com. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/hylink-digitals-humphrey-ho-joins-board-of-directors-for-los-angeles-area-chamber-of-commerce-300465776.html SOURCE Hylink Digital Related Links http://www.hylinkgroup.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Perrigo Company plc Files First Quarter 2017 Form 10-Q And Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results Next PostNext Franchise Services of North America Inc. Announces Financial Results for the Quarter Ended March 31, 2017 Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman 8th Annual Lean Construction Summit to Explore How Lean Construction can Improve the Delivery of Capital Projects /EINPresswire.com/ — ARLINGTON, VA–(Marketwired – May 30, 2017) – Lean Construction Institute is proud to co-present the 8th Annual Lean Construction Summit on June 17, where hundreds of Lean professionals will come together to learn how organizations have effectively implemented LEAN Construction as a project delivery approach to eliminate construction waste through project lifecycles. The event, to be held at Marriott Minneapolis Southwest in Minneapolis, Minnesota, is presented in partnership with Construction Users Roundtable (CURT), Construction Industry Institute, and the Associated General Contractors of America. Lean Design and Construction are rapidly becoming the standard for project planning across the U.S., with 28% of the companies in the $712b construction market having implemented at least one Lean practice. The Lean Construction Summit is designed for owners, general contractors, design professionals, trade partners, and other project leaders who are responsible for selecting delivery systems or seek to drive change within their organizations. „We’re proud to co-host this event, which offers something for individuals at every level of decision-making in the Lean delivery process,” said Dan Heinemeier, LCI Executive Director. „Each presentation will close with key takeaways to help attendees determine their own next steps for implementing Lean as a project delivery approach.” The 2017 Lean Construction Summit Seeks To: (1) Share, from the experience of others, how organizations have effectively implemented Lean Construction as a project delivery approach. Specific topics include: How basic Lean Construction principles and enabling behaviors improve success on projects and in organizations; How increasing workflow predictability improves project safety, quality, cost and duration; How contracts enable or hinder project success; How collaboration within the project organization and along the entire value stream increases value for all parties; and How owners and project teams overcame challenges and improved performance using Lean Construction principles and practices in their organization and on projects. (2) Provide guidance for Owners implementing Lean as a project delivery approach on capital projects for various levels of decision makers, using Q&A as well as qualified and experienced panelists. (3) Provide key takeaways to help audience members determine their own next steps for implementing Lean as a project delivery approach. The CURT|LCI|CII|AGC Lean Construction Summit was developed by LCI and CURT’s Project Delivery Committee, which includes representatives from Boldt Construction, BMW Constructors, DuPont, General Motors, Jacobs Engineering. Johnson & Johnson; KBR, Merck & Co., Inc., Procter & Gamble, Pentair; SimplexGrinnell, U.S. Architect of the Capitol, and U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. To register, visit: https://www.curt.org/events About the Lean Construction Institute: Founded in 1997, LCI is a non-profit, membership-based organization with a vision to transform the built environment through Lean implementation. With common language, fundamental principles and basic practices, LCI aims to increase stakeholder satisfaction and project delivery value. The design and construction industry’s productivity level has remained nearly stagnant in 50 years as other industry’s thrive, but LCI sets out to improve the industry by facilitating continuous education through their Transforming Design and Construction book series, Lean instructional training courses and the annual LCI Congress and Design Forum. LCI advocates for using a variety of tools and techniques that help promote collaborative planning, waste elimination and work-site safety. For more information, please visit www.leanconstruction.org CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market Analysis 2017-2022 Growth Opportunities, Trends, Forecast to 2017 Next PostNext World Fishing Equipment Market by 2021-Analysis, Product Price, Profit, Capacity, Production, Supply, Demand, Growth Rate, & Forecast Search Recent Posts Ion Exchange Resins Market expected to grow at a CAGR of 5.4% from 2016 – 2026 Asia-Pacific STV Stevia Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Global Methionine Market Analysis- Size, Share, overview, scope, Revenue, Gross Margin, Segment and Forecast 2017 IBM Research Alliance Builds New Transistor for 5nm Technology Mobile Phone Accessories Market will reach at a CAGR of 6.9% from 2015 to 2025 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Hylink Digital's Humphrey Ho Joins Board Of Directors For Los Angeles Area Chamber Of Commerce Digital Advertising Executive and Entrepreneur Adds Unparalleled Experience News provided by Hylink Digital 30 May, 2017, 17:14 ET Share this article LOS ANGELES, May 30, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Hylink Digital is pleased to announce that Humphrey Ho, managing director of Hylink Digital US, has been appointed to the board of directors for the Los Angeles Area Chamber of Commerce, one of the leading organizations working to improve the business climate and address policy issues affecting L.A.'s future. His appointment was effective March 15, 2017. L.A. Chamber President & CEO Gary Toebben issued the following today regarding the appointment of Humphrey Ho to the board of directors: "We are delighted that Mr. Ho will be joining the Board of Directors of the Los Angeles Area Chamber of Commerce. Hylink Digital is highly regarded for its expertise in digital marketing and he will be a great connection for Chamber members to Chinese-owned businesses and technology companies." Ho brings a wealth of experience to the Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce. Prior to his role at Hylink Digital, he oversaw programmatic efforts in both mobile and video as a Strategic Partnerships Leader at Google China. He previously brought in local partners and clientele as Business Director at Wieden+Kennedy Shanghai and was the Director of Business Operations at one of the top independent boutique advertising agencies, Leagas Delaney Shanghai, which he helped transform from a project-based enterprise to a top-quality strategic, and creative retainer. With achievements recognized by the business world at large, Ho was awarded "Top 30 Under 30" award in 2009, and for the past five years has served as a China lecturer for business schools, where he seeks to empower the next generation of business leaders. At age 23, he founded Speechbobble, a social network enterprise. He holds an MBA from Ryerson University and a bachelor's degree in Neuroscience from the University of Toronto. "I am honored to serve on the board and carry out the mission of the Los Angeles Area Chamber of Commerce. I look forward to working with the board and management team to continue to give back to the community that has given my family and my business the opportunities of a lifetime," said Ho. Early last year, Hylink Digital opened its global headquarters in Los Angeles. Hylink Digital opened in 1994 in Beijing, and has since grown to 2,200 employees across eighteen offices, boasting clients such as Shanghai General Motors, Estee Lauder, and Procter & Gamble. Today, Hylink is the largest native digital advertising agency in China. For more information, please contact: Press Contact Madelyn Fitzpatrick, Head of International PR madelyn.f@hylinkgroup.com 1(281) 253-4398 About Hylink Digital Hylink Digital is China's largest, independent digital full service agency. Ranked #1 Digital Agency by China Internet (CI) Weekly Magazine for eight consecutive years in a row, 2009-2016; and named a multi-year Effie Greater China Most Effective Independent Agency Network of the Year. Hylink Digital is comprised of industry leading units in the following disciplines: digital media, interactive creative, programmatic, SEM, content marketing and investment, EPR/social, research and insights. With headquarters in Beijing, the agency has a total of sixteen offices worldwide. Hylink Digital services Fortune Global 500 companies, both headquartered in the U.S. and abroad. For more information, visit www.hylinkgroup.com, or follow Hylink on Twitter at @hylinkdigital. About Los Angeles Area Chamber of Commerce The Los Angeles Area Chamber of Commerce represents the interests of business in L.A. County. Founded in 1888, the Chamber promotes a prosperous economy and quality of life in the Los Angeles region.  For more information, visit www.lachamber.com.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/hylink-digitals-humphrey-ho-joins-board-of-directors-for-los-angeles-area-chamber-of-commerce-300465776.html SOURCE Hylink Digital Related Links http://www.hylinkgroup.com My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Hylink Digital's Humphrey Ho Joins Board Of Directors For Los Angeles Area Chamber Of Commerce News provided by Hylink Digital 30 May, 2017, 17:14 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Indonesia Halal Hair Care Market is estimated to reach USD 1.27 billion by 2025 ·         Increasing preference among the Islamic population regarding ethical consumption of beauty products has contributed largely to industry growth in recent years. ·         Indonesia also proposed a law stating that all products must be halal certified by 2019. ·         The demographic structure of the country, comprising of over 60% youth, has proved beneficial for importers and manufacturers of hair care products. ·         Young people are attracted to innovative products as they support their ethical beliefs & changing lifestyles. ·         Shampoos were the dominant product category in 2015, with over 33% of the revenue share in 2015 and expected to grow at a rapid pace over the forecast period. ·         Hijab-wearing women often face issues such as dandruff, hair-fall and limp, dull, lifeless hair, which are being targeted using specific shampoos containing natural ingredients. The Indonesia halal haircare market is estimated to reach USD 1.27 billion by 2025, according to a new report by Grand View Research, Inc. Increasing preference among the Islamic population regarding ethical consumption of beauty products has contributed largely to industry growth in recent years. Additionally, rising demand for organic and vegan-friendly products by the consumers owing to increasing awareness regarding the detrimental impacts of chemical-based products has also driven more positive outlook for halal products in the region and across the globe. Indonesia also proposed a law stating that all products must be halal certified by 2019. This has created huge potential for these personal care products, encouraging numerous multinational cosmetic brands to launch certified products. Expanding middle-class population and their willingness to pay premium prices for quality products has also had a positive influence on industry growth as well. The demographic structure of the country, comprising of over 60% youth, has proved beneficial for importers and manufacturers of hair care products. Young people are attracted to innovative products as they support their ethical beliefs & changing lifestyles. Labels such as organic, animal cruelty-free, and vegan are not only influencing the Islamic, but also the overall population in the country. Shampoos were the dominant product category in 2015, with over 33% of the revenue share in 2015 and expected to grow at a rapid pace over the forecast period. Hijab-wearing women often face issues such as dandruff, hair-fall and limp, dull, lifeless hair, which are being targeted using specific shampoos containing natural ingredients. Further key findings from the report suggest: Conditioners are expected to experience highest growth with a CAGR of 12.2% over the forecast period. Conditioners specially catering to issues regarding covered hair, by improving volume and bounce for flat tresses are expected to drive segment growth. increasing fashion consciousness and entry of multinational companies with extensive product portfolios has also driven growth in the color segment. Men are also latching onto coloring trends, leading to an increase in demand for halal-certified colors with low synthetic content. Key players include Unilever, Loreal, Procter & Gamble, Clara International, Wardah, Sariayu Cosmetics, Iba Halal and Saaf Skincare among others Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04899208/Indonesia-Halal-Hair-Care-Market-Analysis-By-Product-Halal-Shampoo-Hair-Color-Conditioners-Hair-Oil-Market-Potential-Analyses-Insights-Trends-Dynamics-Competitive-Landscape-And-Segment-Forecasts.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need – instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com __________________________ Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/indonesia-halal-hair-care-market-is-estimated-to-reach-usd-127-billion-by-2025-300465771.html SOURCE Reportlinker Related Links http://www.reportlinker.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious IMPORTANT INVESTOR ALERT: Khang & Khang LLP Announces a Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Lion Biotechnologies, Inc. and Reminds Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm Next PostNext Humeral Head joint Market Research, Growth Opportunities, Key Players, Outlook and Forecasts Report 2017-2021 Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 21,206 +62.11 +0.29% Nasdaq 6,306 +58.97 +0.94% S&P 500 2,439 +9.01 +0.37% 12:38 A.M. ET Updated Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, UAE sever diplomatic relations with Qatar 6/04 Updated Asian markets hold steady, shaking off U.K. tensions 6/04 Updated Herbalife to lower its quarterly sales outlook: report 6/04 Vladimir Putin was being a troll and Megyn Kelly wasn’t having it 6/04 Top Democrat says there’s smoke, but ‘no smoking gun’ yet in Russia probe 6/04 Updated This is why baby boomers are divorcing at a stunning rate 6/04 Putin denies U.S. election meddling, says he barely met Mike Flynn 6/04 Updated 4 lifestyle changes to reduce your cancer risk 6/04 Updated 9 secrets to staying young 6/04 Updated How to get all Americans to save for retirement 6/04 Updated When does the five-year rule apply to Roth IRAs? 6/04 Updated Facebook aims to be ‘hostile environment for terrorists’ 6/04 Updated You’ve probably never heard of the fastest-growing job in America (clue: it helps the environment) 6/04 Updated U.S. households now have as much debt as they had in 2008 6/04 Updated Baby boomers ruined America, according to this Generation X author 6/04 Updated Teenage boys and girls are choosing very different careers 6/04 Updated More evidence student debt is making young people think twice about marriage 6/04 Updated 11 ways to build a Paris climate change accord — in your own community 6/04 Updated Is my golfing buddy the cheapest guy in America? He asked me to Venmo him $1.50 6/04 Updated Want to help the environment? Use solar power — without putting panels on your roof Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Telecommunications Sprint moves media account to Horizon By Alexandra Bruell Published: May 30, 2017 1:26 p.m. ET Share By AlexandraBruell Sprint Corp. has moved its $700 million media agency business from Publicis Groupe's Mediavest Spark to independent media agency Horizon Media in one of the largest account changes of the year. The win gives Horizon Chief Executive Bill Koenigsberg another feather in his cap as he expands his independent media operation. Last year, he joined forces with Hyundai-backed agency Innocean to launch another media agency called Canvas Worldwide. As part of the deal, Canvas also won the media account for Hyundai Motor Group's U.S. brands, including Kia Motors America and Hyundai Motor America. "Horizon Media's innovative ideas and dynamic approach using traditional and emerging channels is a perfect fit for Sprint as we continue on our transformation," said Sprint's marketing chief, Roger Solé, in a statement. "The agency's unique and fresh perspective will support Sprint in an extremely competitive and continually evolving industry." Wireless companies have been locked in a fierce price war that only threatens to get more competitive as cable companies like Comcast and Charter Communications prepare to enter the cutthroat business. Sprint spent just under $700 million on U.S. media in 2016, compared with spending by AT&T Inc. of $1.62 billion and Verizon at $1.3 billion, according to Kantar Media. The spending figure doesn't include some forms of digital advertising. All three spent less on U.S. media in 2016 than in 2015. Sprint, the No. 4 U.S. carrier by subscribers, has aggressively gone after its larger telecom rivals in recent years with offerings like unlimited data. But AT&T and Verizon recently launched unlimited data plans, forcing Sprint to end its longtime offer to charge customers half the price of other rival plans. The intense competition has been clear even in the companies' creative approach to their advertising. Last year Sprint tapped Paul Marcarelli, Verizon's longtime "Can you hear me now?" pitchman, to star in ads in which he boasts about switching to Sprint. Sprint's move to independent media shop Horizon is also in line with the phone company's recent creative agency shift from Interpublic Group of Cos.-owned Deutsch to Droga5, also an independent agency. For Publicis Groupe, the departure of the Sprint account is another blow after a string of large account losses in recent years, including Wal-Mart, Procter & Gamble, Coca-Cola and Honda. Publicis also recently won some business, including H&R Block, KFC and P&G in the U.K. "We are proud of the work we've delivered for Sprint during our partnership with them and our team's dedication to the client," according to a statement from Mediavest Spark. "We wish Sprint all the best in the future and will approach this transition with the utmost commitment and collaboration." Write to Alexandra Bruell at alexandra.bruell@wsj.com More from MarketWatch More Coverage Trump Announcement on Paris Climate Accord Most Popular Stock market bracing for potentially the most explosive stretch of trading this year Harley-Davidson is recalling 57,000 motorcycles Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 Costco versus Amazon Prime — which membership offers more value? Trump Quits Climate Deal — Citing ‘America First’ MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Variety Continue to Variety () SKIP AD Variety Editions: U.S Global Asia Subscribe Today! Navigation Menu Film TV Digital Music Contenders Video Dirt Scene More Biz Legit Jobs Conferences Insight Archives Directory Choose Edition: U.S Global Asia Russia | My Account Sign In Subscribe Home TV News Networks, Ad Buyers Jostle to Try to Spark TV’s Upfront Market Brian Steinberg Senior TV Editor @bristei Share This Article LinkedIn Email Print Talk Courtesy of CBS May 30, 2017 | 09:42AM PT TV networks and advertisers have begun early-stage negotiations as part of the industry’s annual “upfront” ad-sales market, according to six people familiar with the pace of discussions. No one is believed to have begun writing business with any degree of earnestness, and several executives caution that marketers have yet to file their full budgets. Indeed, the ultimate shape of the marketplace remains unclear, with buyers suggesting volume of advance ad sales will be down in 2017, while some senior TV executives hint money might be up. “I’m not sure why anyone would rush in and cut pricing if they don’t even know what demand looks like,” said one media-buying executive But the uncertainty hasn’t kept players on either side of the bargaining table from trying to spark an early deal. Billions of dollars are at stake. Each year, as part of the upfront, U.S. TV networks try to sell the bulk of their commercial inventory for the coming programming cycle. In 2016, the nation’s five big English-language broadcast networks secured between $8.41 billion and $9.25 billion in advance ad commitments for primetime, according to Variety estimates –  the first time in three years they’ve managed to break the $9 billion mark. There is strong doubt they’ll be able to the same this year. “No one thinks it’s shaping up to be a market higher than year ago on rate of change or volume,” the media-buying executive said. There has been speculation in the marketplace that Omnicom Media Group, the parent unit representing agencies that buy ad time for Procter & Gamble, Apple, AT&T and Pepsi, among other blue-chip marketers, has been kicking tires to see if specific networks might be willing to do an early deal. A spokesperson for the Omnicom Group unit was not able to make executives immediately available for comment. CBS, NBCUniversal and ABC are among the media companies that have begun having discussions, according to the people familiar with the talks. The haggling is unlikely to be wrapped quickly, people on both sides suggested, owing to a host of issues at play. Marketers need to consider their overall media mix, said one buyer, and determine how much to allocate for traditional TV and how much to earmark for other kinds of video. Advertisers and media companies continue to struggle with measurement of new kinds of video viewing. And many media companies are offering new kinds of data that take time for clients to understand. Media buyers expect CBS or NBCUniversal to set the tone of the market this year, owing to a broad array of new executives put in place to head ad sales at Viacom, Fox Networks Group, Discovery Communications, AMC Networks, and Disney/ABC Television Group. NBCUniversal’s Linda Yaccarino, chairman of advertising sales and client partnerships, and CBS’ Jo Ann Ross, president of advertising sales,  have the most significant properties to sell. Others with experience include Keith Turner, president of ad sales and marketing at Univision and Rob Tuck, executive vice president of national sales, and Turner’s Donna Speciale. She brings with her a unique perspective from her days as a senior buyer at the MediaVest buying agency. Before the market moves significantly, some clouds have to clear.  In the meantime, both sides are engaged in plenty of chatter. Filed Under: Jo Ann Ross Linda Yaccarino Tv Advertising Upfront 2017 Want to read more articles like this one? SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY. Post A Comment 0 Music Katy Perry’s Manchester Outfit Made with Victims’ Photos TV Bill Maher Should Be Fired (Opinion) Film ‘Wonder Woman’ Makes History at the Box Office Dirt Angelina Jolie Buys Cecil B. DeMille’s Estate at Record Price Whoopi Goldberg, Morgan Spurlock, Jason Blum Among Academy Candidates for Board of Governors Election Emmy Contenders: Time to Shake Up Lead Actor Races Emmy Preview: Stephen Colbert Will Bring Political Heat to Hosting Gig Could a Perfect Storm Help Push Elisabeth Moss to Her First Emmy Win? Variety Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut See More Jobs Marketplace Leave a Reply No Comments Cancel reply Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. More TV News from Variety The Power of Content Get That Red Carpet Glow With These Plant-Based Beauty… John Oliver: Vladimir Putin "Biggest Threat To U.S. After The… Pippa Middleton's Chic Australian Honeymoon Sandals Are Now On… Fear TWD Showrunner Breaks Down [Spoiler]'s 'Inevitable' Demise… 'Silicon Valley' Review: Richard and Jared Tap Into Their Darker… Subscribe to Variety Today! All The Ways to Get Variety Online Subscription Print Subscription Mobile Apps Newsletters News Alerts Archives Slanguage Dictionary Help Other Variety Products Media: Variety 411 Research & Data: Variety Insight Archives Premium Email Alerts Real Estate Jobs Access the best entertainment industry data available View the Variety archives dating back to 1905 Get News Delivered To Your Inbox Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use About Us Advertise Contact Us Google+ The Power of Content Deadline india.com Hollywoodlife TV Line GOLDDERBY WWD Footwearnews © Copyright 2017 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Variety411: Your production services resource ad
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman 8th Annual Lean Construction Summit to Explore How Lean Construction can Improve the Delivery of Capital Projects ARLINGTON, VA–(Marketwired – May 30, 2017) – Lean Construction Institute is proud to co-present the 8th Annual Lean Construction Summit on June 17, where hundreds of Lean professionals will come together to learn how organizations have effectively implemented LEAN Construction as a project delivery approach to eliminate construction waste through project lifecycles. The event, to be held at Marriott Minneapolis Southwest in Minneapolis, Minnesota, is presented in partnership with Construction Users Roundtable (CURT), Construction Industry Institute, and the Associated General Contractors of America. Lean Design and Construction are rapidly becoming the standard for project planning across the U.S., with 28% of the companies in the $712b construction market having implemented at least one Lean practice. The Lean Construction Summit is designed for owners, general contractors, design professionals, trade partners, and other project leaders who are responsible for selecting delivery systems or seek to drive change within their organizations. „We’re proud to co-host this event, which offers something for individuals at every level of decision-making in the Lean delivery process,” said Dan Heinemeier, LCI Executive Director. „Each presentation will close with key takeaways to help attendees determine their own next steps for implementing Lean as a project delivery approach.” The 2017 Lean Construction Summit Seeks To: (1) Share, from the experience of others, how organizations have effectively implemented Lean Construction as a project delivery approach. Specific topics include: How basic Lean Construction principles and enabling behaviors improve success on projects and in organizations; How increasing workflow predictability improves project safety, quality, cost and duration; How contracts enable or hinder project success; How collaboration within the project organization and along the entire value stream increases value for all parties; and How owners and project teams overcame challenges and improved performance using Lean Construction principles and practices in their organization and on projects. (2) Provide guidance for Owners implementing Lean as a project delivery approach on capital projects for various levels of decision makers, using Q&A as well as qualified and experienced panelists. (3) Provide key takeaways to help audience members determine their own next steps for implementing Lean as a project delivery approach. The CURT|LCI|CII|AGC Lean Construction Summit was developed by LCI and CURT’s Project Delivery Committee, which includes representatives from Boldt Construction, BMW Constructors, DuPont, General Motors, Jacobs Engineering. Johnson & Johnson; KBR, Merck & Co., Inc., Procter & Gamble, Pentair; SimplexGrinnell, U.S. Architect of the Capitol, and U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. To register, visit: https://www.curt.org/events About the Lean Construction Institute: Founded in 1997, LCI is a non-profit, membership-based organization with a vision to transform the built environment through Lean implementation. With common language, fundamental principles and basic practices, LCI aims to increase stakeholder satisfaction and project delivery value. The design and construction industry’s productivity level has remained nearly stagnant in 50 years as other industry’s thrive, but LCI sets out to improve the industry by facilitating continuous education through their Transforming Design and Construction book series, Lean instructional training courses and the annual LCI Congress and Design Forum. LCI advocates for using a variety of tools and techniques that help promote collaborative planning, waste elimination and work-site safety. For more information, please visit www.leanconstruction.org CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Publication d’une déclaration selon le système d’alerte Next PostNext Industrial Journalist Meets with Manufacturing Media Consortium in Rome in July Search Recent Posts Ion Exchange Resins Market expected to grow at a CAGR of 5.4% from 2016 – 2026 Asia-Pacific STV Stevia Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Global Methionine Market Analysis- Size, Share, overview, scope, Revenue, Gross Margin, Segment and Forecast 2017 IBM Research Alliance Builds New Transistor for 5nm Technology Mobile Phone Accessories Market will reach at a CAGR of 6.9% from 2015 to 2025 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman 8th Annual Lean Construction Summit to Explore How Lean Construction can Improve the Delivery of Capital Projects ARLINGTON, VA–(Marketwired – May 30, 2017) – Lean Construction Institute is proud to co-present the 8th Annual Lean Construction Summit on June 17, where hundreds of Lean professionals will come together to learn how organizations have effectively implemented LEAN Construction as a project delivery approach to eliminate construction waste through project lifecycles. The event, to be held at Marriott Minneapolis Southwest in Minneapolis, Minnesota, is presented in partnership with Construction Users Roundtable (CURT), Construction Industry Institute, and the Associated General Contractors of America. Lean Design and Construction are rapidly becoming the standard for project planning across the U.S., with 28% of the companies in the $712b construction market having implemented at least one Lean practice. The Lean Construction Summit is designed for owners, general contractors, design professionals, trade partners, and other project leaders who are responsible for selecting delivery systems or seek to drive change within their organizations. „We’re proud to co-host this event, which offers something for individuals at every level of decision-making in the Lean delivery process,” said Dan Heinemeier, LCI Executive Director. „Each presentation will close with key takeaways to help attendees determine their own next steps for implementing Lean as a project delivery approach.” The 2017 Lean Construction Summit Seeks To: (1) Share, from the experience of others, how organizations have effectively implemented Lean Construction as a project delivery approach. Specific topics include: How basic Lean Construction principles and enabling behaviors improve success on projects and in organizations; How increasing workflow predictability improves project safety, quality, cost and duration; How contracts enable or hinder project success; How collaboration within the project organization and along the entire value stream increases value for all parties; and How owners and project teams overcame challenges and improved performance using Lean Construction principles and practices in their organization and on projects. (2) Provide guidance for Owners implementing Lean as a project delivery approach on capital projects for various levels of decision makers, using Q&A as well as qualified and experienced panelists. (3) Provide key takeaways to help audience members determine their own next steps for implementing Lean as a project delivery approach. The CURT|LCI|CII|AGC Lean Construction Summit was developed by LCI and CURT’s Project Delivery Committee, which includes representatives from Boldt Construction, BMW Constructors, DuPont, General Motors, Jacobs Engineering. Johnson & Johnson; KBR, Merck & Co., Inc., Procter & Gamble, Pentair; SimplexGrinnell, U.S. Architect of the Capitol, and U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. To register, visit: https://www.curt.org/events About the Lean Construction Institute: Founded in 1997, LCI is a non-profit, membership-based organization with a vision to transform the built environment through Lean implementation. With common language, fundamental principles and basic practices, LCI aims to increase stakeholder satisfaction and project delivery value. The design and construction industry’s productivity level has remained nearly stagnant in 50 years as other industry’s thrive, but LCI sets out to improve the industry by facilitating continuous education through their Transforming Design and Construction book series, Lean instructional training courses and the annual LCI Congress and Design Forum. LCI advocates for using a variety of tools and techniques that help promote collaborative planning, waste elimination and work-site safety. For more information, please visit www.leanconstruction.org CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Industrial Journalist Meets with Manufacturing Media Consortium in Rome in July Next PostNext Synchrono Data Historian Combines Context and Process Data for Actionable Information Search Recent Posts Viamet Presents Phase 2b Results Demonstrating Unprecedented Efficacy of Oral VT-1161 in the Treatment of Recurrent Vulvovaginal Candidiasis New World Bank Project in Djibouti to Fund Electricity Connections for 14,000 of the Poorest Households Pieris Pharmaceuticals Announces Presentation of Clinical Data for Anemia Drug Candidate, PRS-080, at the 54th ERA-EDTA Congress UN chief strongly condemns terrorist attacks in London U.S. Asia-Pacific Presence ‘Healthy, Robust, Valuable,’ Dunford Says Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
   Home     About BusinessWorld     Jobs     Advertise     Subscribe     Contact Us     June 05, 2017 | MANILA, PHILIPPINES Home Top Stories Finance Corporate Economy Nation Stock Market World Arts & Leisure Sports Opinion Infographics Weekender High Life Forum Spark UP Research Video RSS Downloads Bworldonline.com Weekender Top Story SM Investments counts on logistics for growth Posted on May 31, 2017 ALMOST 60 years after turning a shoe shop in Manila into a banking-to-property conglomerate that’s made him the richest man in the Philippines, billionaire Henry Sy, Sr. has found the next growth engine for his group: logistics. 2GO is the largest provider of so-called end-to-end logistics services in the Philippines.    RELATED STORIES SM Investments profit up 8% as businesses show ‘good growth’ SM Investments earnings reach P31.2 billion amid economic expansion SM Investments 9-month profit hits P22B SM eyes minority stake in dormitory developer Sy-led SM Investments’ profit growth slows in January-March Mr. Sy’s SM Investments Corp. is counting on logistics affiliate 2GO Group, Inc. to fuel earnings growth as e-commerce and economic growth boosts demand for deliveries, Chief Executive Officer Frederic “Ricky” C. DyBuncio, 57, said in an interview. Logistics may even become the company’s fourth business pillar after banking, real estate and retail, he said. “As economic growth spreads nationwide, you will see a more and more increasing need for logistics operations,” Mr. DyBuncio, the first person from outside the Sy family to lead SM Investments, said in a May 25 interview. “It definitely could grow by double digits for many, many years to come.” SM Investments, the country’s most valuable company after Sy-controlled residential and malls builder SM Prime Holdings, Inc., has said it needs to expand in high-growth sectors to complement its main businesses. Investments in logistics will help boost earnings as the core businesses reach a scale that makes double-digit percentage growth no longer the norm, Mr. DyBuncio said. SM stands for Shoemart, the name of the original store Mr. Sy opened in 1958. Mr. DyBuncio, who took over from the founder’s son Harley T. Sy last month, has said he’ll look to the company’s share price as a measure of his performance. He will need fast-growing businesses to continue driving the stock higher as his predecessor oversaw a more than a six-fold increase since the shares began trading in 2005. Logistics can grow at least two times faster than the economy, according to Mr. DyBuncio, who has been looking at investment opportunities in logistics over the past two years. Economic growth is boosting demand for shipping, warehouses and port facilities nationwide. The Philippines plans to spend as much as P9 trillion ($180 billion) on infrastructure from this year to 2022 to boost Southeast Asia’s fastest growing economy. The economy grew 6.4% in the first quarter, its weakest expansion in six quarters and is forecast to grow 6.6% this year, according to economist estimates compiled by Bloomberg. “You can’t have faster economic growth without logistics,” said Gonzalo Bongolan, vice-president at Philippine Commercial Capital, Inc., a Manila-based investment bank. “Logistics and the last mile of distribution will become more critical as commercial activities multiply.” 2GO is the largest provider of so-called end-to-end logistics services in the Philippines, a nation of more than 7,000 islands. The company, which has a fleet of 24 ships, had a 90% passenger market share and cornered 38% of cargo that passed through the ports where it operated. Customers include SM Investments’ department stores and grocers, Procter & Gamble Co., and Lazada Group SA, a Southeast Asian e-commerce operator whose Philippine clients include an SM’s online store. Net income will jump about 14% this year to 35.4 billion pesos, based on the average of seven analyst estimates compiled by Bloomberg. That would be the fastest growth since the 16% advance in 2012. SM Investments indirectly owns about 30% of 2GO. It’s part of portfolio investments amassed to diversify beyond core businesses that include BDO Unibank, Inc., the biggest Philippine lender by assets, and China Banking Corp. SM Investments’ two other major units are SM Prime, the nation’s largest shopping mall operator, and SM Retail, Inc., the biggest Philippine retailer with 2,303 outlets. Return on equity, which fell to about 11% last year from the 14.3% peak in 2012, will rebound in the next couple of years as returns from its investments, including property assets, improve, Mr. DyBuncio said. As for the logistics business, Mr. DyBuncio said he’s still not certain it will become a core business on the scale of the banking, property and retail mainstays. “Is it going to be big enough that we can say it’s a fourth leg? We need to see what happens in the next few years,” Mr. DyBuncio said. “We might be able to find the fourth leg, but it will probably be a short leg given the size of the group’s three core businesses.” -- Bloomberg Company Profile(Based on 2014 BusinessWorld Top 1000 Corporations) SM Investments Corporation Stock Symbol: SM Ranking: Gross Revenue: Net Income : Net Sale: Total Assets: Total Liabilities: Shareholders Equity: Address: Market Data Volume: 0 Last Traded Price: 0.00 Previous Close: 680.00 Change: -680.00 %Change: -100% Open: 0.00 High: 0.00 Low: 0.00 Note: Data displayed do not reflect real-time market data. These are for general information only and are not intended to be relied upon by users in making (or refraining from making) any specific investment decisions. E-mail | Print |     From / email :     To :     E-mail (required) :     Message :     Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.    MORE STORIES Poll bares expectation of slower inflation Diluted tax reform still feasible -- Credit Suisse Vietnam secures strategic gains from Washington Business sentiment deemed intact despite Resorts World attack Major railways among projects for NEDA Board approval May factory gain strongest in 5 months House approval of tax reform bill a positive step’ -- Nomura Fitch flags overheating risk amid GDP growth promise India loses fastest-growing economy tag after sharp growth slowdown Tax reform hurdles House; Senate next    MOST READ    MOST E-MAILED 1. GBP acquires stake in Alsons subsidiary 2. Positive momentum to boost stocks this week 3. Axed DoF employee linked to Resorts World attack 4. Bullish on PHL, Villar sets aggressive expansion 5. San Miguel ready to join MRT-3 rehab bid 1. Nothing is preordained 2. Business sentiment deemed intact despite Resorts World attack 3. GBP acquires stake in Alsons subsidiary 4. China Bank raises over P6.3 billion from LTNCD second tranche 5. BSP wraps up talks with Indonesia on ASEAN banking integration deal © 2017 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation. All rights reserved. Read our privacy guidelines.    Home     About BusinessWorld     Wired     Jobs     Advertise     Subscribe     Contact Us     Site Map    
provisioner-processorCreated with Sketch. Slice 2Created with Sketch. Sign In Create Account Sign Out My Account provisioner-processorCreated with Sketch. Slice 2Created with Sketch. Home Departments Expert Commentary New Consumer Products Food Safety Processing Packaging Formulation Strategies Ingredients Sustainability Regulations Exclusives Processor Profiles Special Reports Top 100 Processors Processor of the Year Plant of the Year Multimedia ProvisionerTV Mobile App Webinars eNewsletters Podcasts eBooks Interactive Product Spotlights News Industry News Supplier News Magazine The National Provisioner Independent Processor Digital Editions IP Digital Editions SourceBook / Buyer's Guide More Associations Calendar Food Safety Summit Classifieds Market Research Modern Deli Provisioner Store Custom Content & Marketing Services White Papers Sponsor Insights Contact Connect Advertise Subscribe Print Edition Subscriptions Digital Edition Subscriptions Provisioner Prime eNewsletter Online Registration Subscription Customer Service Mobile App Connect with the National Provisioner Home » JBS says Joesley Batista resigns as chairman Meat and Poultry Industry News JBS says Joesley Batista resigns as chairman May 30, 2017 Industry News KEYWORDS Board of Directors / jbs Reprints No Comments JBS SA said late last week that brothers Joesley and Wesley Batista have resigned from their senior posts. JBS SA has been mired in the “Operation Weak Flesh” corruption scandal that alleges meat processors bribed state inspectors to allow tainted meat to be exported to foreign countries. Joesley Batista, Reuters reports, entered into a plea bargain deal that accused Brazilian President Michael Temer of endorsing the bribing of a witness. He resigned as chairman of JBS SA and will leave the company’s board. He will be replaced by Tarek Farahat, a former Procter & Gamble Co executive who is also a member of the JBS board. Wesley Batista resigned as vice chairman of the board and will be replaced by his father, Jose Batista Sobrinho, He will remain as CEO and will maintain a seat on the board. Source: Reuters Did you enjoy this article? Click here to subscribe to The National Provisioner. Recent Articles by Industry News Butterball extends no-antibiotics-ever turkey offering Tyson advises shareholders to reject mini-offer by TRC Capital New Glass Walls Video highlights food safety interventions in the meat plants Cargill acquires Colombian processor Pollos El Bucanero Duke’s launches new Cajun Style Andouiille Smoked Shorty Sausages Related Articles Batista brothers resume positions at JBS SA JBS SA names Wesley Batista CEO JBS SA parent company to pay $3.2 billion fine in corruption scandal BREAKING: JBS CEO suspended from all management posts by court order Related Products Poultry Meat Processing, Second Edition Organic Meat Production and Processing Handbook of Poultry Science and Technology, Volume 1, Primary Processing Food Plant Sanitation: Design, Maintenance, and Good Manufacturing Practices, Second Edition Related Events Ontario Food Protection Association Spring Meeting RMC Sponsors Food Safety Sanitation Forum on West Coast Food Plant of the Future: The Future of Wastewater Management Related Directories Bizerba USA Inc. The Austin Co. Blade Kings LLC Pick Heaters Inc. You must login or register in order to post a comment. Report Abusive Comment Thank you for helping us to improve our forums. Is this comment offensive? Please tell us why. 
 Subscribe For Free! Print Edition Subscriptions Digital Edition Subscriptions Provisioner Prime eNewsletter Online Registration Subscription Customer Service Mobile App Connect with The National Provisioner More Videos Events November 16, 2016 Redefining Clean: Changing Blender Cleaning for Worker Safety In this educational webinar, Packer Sanitation Services, Inc. will cover better ways to maintain food safety with quality equipment while keeping employees safe. New blender cleaning solutions that don't involve energizing will be discussed. Attendees will walk away with knowledge that will help them strive towards improved safety conditions in food processing plants that utilize blenders. June 14, 2017 Global Pouch Forum 2017 This global conference networking event and exhibition, celebrating its 20th year, will again attract the largest target gathering in North America of end users, converters, and suppliers of materials, components, closure, and machinery for all types of pouches. View All Submit An Event Products The National Provisioner Source Book The Sourcebook is an exclusive buyer’s guide and reference tool for product and supplier information in the meat, poultry and seafood marketplace. See More Products The National Provisioner May 2017 The May 2017 issue of The National Provisioner features our cover story on Sanderson Farms' successful expansion, our annual Top 100 Processors report, and much more! View More Subscribe Independent Processor April 2017 Check out the April 2017 issue of Independent Processor, featuring our cover story on Burgers' Smokehouse, how Keystone Meats is changing consumer perceptions about canned meats, and much more. View More Subscribe Proteins Beef Pork Chicken Turkey Burgers Sausage Bacon Deli Seafood Lamb / Veal More List Rental Partners Want More Food | Beverage | Packaging Group Privacy Policy Expert Commentary Editors Viewpoint Fight for Food Safety Legislative Copyright ©2017. All Rights Reserved BNP Media. Design, CMS, Hosting & Web Development :: ePublishing
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Lean Construction Institute May 30, 2017 11:08 ET 8th Annual Lean Construction Summit to Explore How Lean Construction can Improve the Delivery of Capital Projects ARLINGTON, VA--(Marketwired - May 30, 2017) - Lean Construction Institute is proud to co-present the 8th Annual Lean Construction Summit on June 17, where hundreds of Lean professionals will come together to learn how organizations have effectively implemented LEAN Construction as a project delivery approach to eliminate construction waste through project lifecycles. The event, to be held at Marriott Minneapolis Southwest in Minneapolis, Minnesota, is presented in partnership with Construction Users Roundtable (CURT), Construction Industry Institute, and the Associated General Contractors of America. Lean Design and Construction are rapidly becoming the standard for project planning across the U.S., with 28% of the companies in the $712b construction market having implemented at least one Lean practice. The Lean Construction Summit is designed for owners, general contractors, design professionals, trade partners, and other project leaders who are responsible for selecting delivery systems or seek to drive change within their organizations. "We're proud to co-host this event, which offers something for individuals at every level of decision-making in the Lean delivery process," said Dan Heinemeier, LCI Executive Director. "Each presentation will close with key takeaways to help attendees determine their own next steps for implementing Lean as a project delivery approach." The 2017 Lean Construction Summit Seeks To: (1) Share, from the experience of others, how organizations have effectively implemented Lean Construction as a project delivery approach. Specific topics include: How basic Lean Construction principles and enabling behaviors improve success on projects and in organizations; How increasing workflow predictability improves project safety, quality, cost and duration; How contracts enable or hinder project success; How collaboration within the project organization and along the entire value stream increases value for all parties; and How owners and project teams overcame challenges and improved performance using Lean Construction principles and practices in their organization and on projects. (2) Provide guidance for Owners implementing Lean as a project delivery approach on capital projects for various levels of decision makers, using Q&A as well as qualified and experienced panelists. (3) Provide key takeaways to help audience members determine their own next steps for implementing Lean as a project delivery approach. The CURT|LCI|CII|AGC Lean Construction Summit was developed by LCI and CURT's Project Delivery Committee, which includes representatives from Boldt Construction, BMW Constructors, DuPont, General Motors, Jacobs Engineering. Johnson & Johnson; KBR, Merck & Co., Inc., Procter & Gamble, Pentair; SimplexGrinnell, U.S. Architect of the Capitol, and U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. To register, visit: https://www.curt.org/events About the Lean Construction Institute: Founded in 1997, LCI is a non-profit, membership-based organization with a vision to transform the built environment through Lean implementation. With common language, fundamental principles and basic practices, LCI aims to increase stakeholder satisfaction and project delivery value. The design and construction industry's productivity level has remained nearly stagnant in 50 years as other industry's thrive, but LCI sets out to improve the industry by facilitating continuous education through their Transforming Design and Construction book series, Lean instructional training courses and the annual LCI Congress and Design Forum. LCI advocates for using a variety of tools and techniques that help promote collaborative planning, waste elimination and work-site safety. For more information, please visit www.leanconstruction.org Contact Information Contact: Dan Heinemeier Executive Director (423) 760-366 Email Contact Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Lean Construction Institute From this industry Professional Services Real Estate and Construction From this sub-industry Consulting Non Profits Construction See all RSS Newsfeeds   Highlighted Links Visit Lean Construction Institute online   About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Lean Construction Institute May 30, 2017 11:08 ET 8th Annual Lean Construction Summit to Explore How Lean Construction can Improve the Delivery of Capital Projects ARLINGTON, VA--(Marketwired - May 30, 2017) - Lean Construction Institute is proud to co-present the 8th Annual Lean Construction Summit on June 17, where hundreds of Lean professionals will come together to learn how organizations have effectively implemented LEAN Construction as a project delivery approach to eliminate construction waste through project lifecycles. The event, to be held at Marriott Minneapolis Southwest in Minneapolis, Minnesota, is presented in partnership with Construction Users Roundtable (CURT), Construction Industry Institute, and the Associated General Contractors of America. Lean Design and Construction are rapidly becoming the standard for project planning across the U.S., with 28% of the companies in the $712b construction market having implemented at least one Lean practice. The Lean Construction Summit is designed for owners, general contractors, design professionals, trade partners, and other project leaders who are responsible for selecting delivery systems or seek to drive change within their organizations. "We're proud to co-host this event, which offers something for individuals at every level of decision-making in the Lean delivery process," said Dan Heinemeier, LCI Executive Director. "Each presentation will close with key takeaways to help attendees determine their own next steps for implementing Lean as a project delivery approach." The 2017 Lean Construction Summit Seeks To: (1) Share, from the experience of others, how organizations have effectively implemented Lean Construction as a project delivery approach. Specific topics include: How basic Lean Construction principles and enabling behaviors improve success on projects and in organizations; How increasing workflow predictability improves project safety, quality, cost and duration; How contracts enable or hinder project success; How collaboration within the project organization and along the entire value stream increases value for all parties; and How owners and project teams overcame challenges and improved performance using Lean Construction principles and practices in their organization and on projects. (2) Provide guidance for Owners implementing Lean as a project delivery approach on capital projects for various levels of decision makers, using Q&A as well as qualified and experienced panelists. (3) Provide key takeaways to help audience members determine their own next steps for implementing Lean as a project delivery approach. The CURT|LCI|CII|AGC Lean Construction Summit was developed by LCI and CURT's Project Delivery Committee, which includes representatives from Boldt Construction, BMW Constructors, DuPont, General Motors, Jacobs Engineering. Johnson & Johnson; KBR, Merck & Co., Inc., Procter & Gamble, Pentair; SimplexGrinnell, U.S. Architect of the Capitol, and U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. To register, visit: https://www.curt.org/events About the Lean Construction Institute: Founded in 1997, LCI is a non-profit, membership-based organization with a vision to transform the built environment through Lean implementation. With common language, fundamental principles and basic practices, LCI aims to increase stakeholder satisfaction and project delivery value. The design and construction industry's productivity level has remained nearly stagnant in 50 years as other industry's thrive, but LCI sets out to improve the industry by facilitating continuous education through their Transforming Design and Construction book series, Lean instructional training courses and the annual LCI Congress and Design Forum. LCI advocates for using a variety of tools and techniques that help promote collaborative planning, waste elimination and work-site safety. For more information, please visit www.leanconstruction.org Contact Information Contact: Dan Heinemeier Executive Director (423) 760-366 Email Contact Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Lean Construction Institute From this industry Professional Services Real Estate and Construction From this sub-industry Consulting Non Profits Construction See all RSS Newsfeeds   Highlighted Links Visit Lean Construction Institute online   About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
  It looks like there's an issue with JavaScript in your browser. For a better experience, we recommend that you enable JavaScript. Go to https://www.whatismybrowser.com/guides/how-to-enable-javascript/ to learn more. WNYC News Published by WNYC News Rodney Frelinghuysen and the Poisoned Chalice Download this audio Want to embed this player? Use the code below. More info. <iframe frameborder="0" scrolling="no" height="130" width="100%" src="https://www.wnyc.org/widgets/ondemand_player/wnyc/#file=/audio/json/758478/&share=1"></iframe> Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email a Friend Rodney Frelinghuysen (R-N.J.) in 2011. (AP Photo / AP Photo) i May 29, 2017 · by Nancy Solomon It was the scribbled footnote that did it, rippling across social networks from northern New Jersey to Washington, D.C., revealing a bare-knuckled side of a low-key lawmaker. In a fund raising letter to a member of the board of directors of a New Jersey bank, U.S. Rep. Rodney Frelinghuysen, a Republican from Morris County, asked for money to combat well-organized opponents who had sprung up after the election of President Donald Trump. “P.S. — One of the ringleaders works in your bank!” Frelinghuysen, the chairman of the House Appropriations Committee, wrote in blue pen.  The activist, a senior vice president and lawyer, resigned after she was confronted with the letter by her boss. The episode has drawn an ethics complaint against Frelinghuysen, a politician who has worked behind the scenes for 22 years and just this year rose to his place in the Republican leadership. “That was very disappointing and very much out of character for Congressman Frelinghuysen,” said Ross K. Baker, distinguished professor of political science at Rutgers University in New Brunswick, N.J.   But the letter was also notable for what it revealed about the pressure Frelinghuysen is under — surprising for a member of Congress who, in 12 elections, has never received less than 58 percent of the vote. Frelinghuysen’s elections have been so easy, his Democratic opposition so weak, that the provocateur filmmaker Michael Moore once ran a ficus tree against him. But now he’s been caught seeking revenge against one of his own constituents. “It seemed a particularly mean-spirited and vengeful thing for Congressman Frelinghuysen to do — a man who never had a reputation of being that kind of a bare knuckles fighter,” Baker said. “I think he senses that the ground is shifting from under him.” That shift, Baker said, was prompted by the election of Trump and the Republican hold on Congress, forcing him to choose between the party’s leadership and moderate constituents back home. “Becoming the chairman of the House Appropriations Committee, which of course in some ways is the crown jewel of any House member’s career, has been a bit of a poisoned chalice for Rodney Frelinghuysen,” Baker said. His response to President Trump’s budget proposal this week was tepid. He also opposed the first iteration of the House Republican plan to repeal Obamacare. But, reportedly threatened with losing his chairmanship, he ultimately changed his vote, siding with conservatives in the second round of voting on the American Health Care Act. Back home, the election quickly gave rise to NJ11th for Change, a constituent group opposing Frelinghuysen. Activists have held weekly protests at his office, overloaded his phone lines and called on him to hold a town hall, which he has so far refused to do. The employee he complained about is on the organization’s steering committee. He did hold a telephone town hall recently, which allows him more control to cut off callers when they disagree.  His frustration with the activists showed. “For people who have jammed our lines and made it difficult for us to meet our constituent needs, it would be nice for you to back off,” Frelinghuysen said. “I didn’t even know who he was for years,” said Tom Hilliard, another member of the  steering committee, who helped design the group’s response to Frelinghuysen’s vote on  Obamacare. “And so maybe 20,000 people knew him as the kindly grandpa who shows up at your high school art fair. But now 100,000 people know him as the guy who sold out his constituents.” Former Gov. Tom Kean Sr., possibly the most respected Republican in New Jersey, insists Frelinghuysen is still a moderate — a fiscal conservative who is liberal on social issues, despite the health care vote. “Given the importance of that bill to the Republican Party and the pledges the Republican Party had made, it might have been very difficult to vote against two different bills in health care and say you still want the leadership,” Kean said. The two men have known each other their whole lives, and both come from a long line of leaders dating back to the American Revolution. Frelinghuysen’s father, Peter B. Frelinghuysen, served in the House of Representatives for 22 years. Rodney Frelinghuysen is the great-great-grandson of Frederick Theodore Frelinghuysen, who was a U.S. Senator from New Jersey and U.S. Secretary of State in the administration of President Chester A. Arthur. Rodney’s great-great-great-uncle, Theodore Frelinghuysen, was also a U.S. Senator from New Jersey — and the vice-presidential running mate of Henry Clay on the Whig ticket in 1844.   Frelinghuysen's great-great-great-great-grandfather, Frederick Frelinghuysen, was one of the framers of the first Constitution of New Jersey, a soldier in the American Revolution and a U.S. Senator. There is a Frelinghuysen Township in northwestern  New Jersey, a Frelinghuysen Avenue in Newark, a Frelinghuysen Middle School in Morristown, a Frelinghuysen building at Rutgers University and a lovely Frelinghuysen Arboretum on land donated by the family. Frelinghuysen, 71, is also one of the wealthiest members of Congress, with an estimated worth of about $54 million, according to federal financial disclosures.  His great-great-great-grandmother married Peter Ballantine, founder of Ballantine Brewery in Newark, which at its peak was the third largest brewer in America. Several mansions, including one that is part of the Newark Museum, were built by the Ballantines in Newark. On his mother's side, Frelinghuysen is a great-great-grandson of William Procter, co-founder of Procter & Gamble, maker of Charmin tissue, Crest toothpaste, Bounty paper towels, Dawn dish soap and dozens of other products, with annual sales of more than a billion dollars. Frelinghuysen’s 11th Congressional District is what New Jerseyans call “Republican horse country.” It’s one of the richest districts in the country, and one of the best educated.  The gentleman-farmer estates in his home town, Harding Township, make it one of the top 25 richest zip codes in America, according to Forbes Magazine. “A lot of people think of him — or at least those who don't know him think of him — as some kind of blueblood," said William Westhoven, who has covered Morris County politics since 1994 for the Daily Record. “He really, really does not present in public in that way in any way, shape or form. Rodney presents as a very very regular guy — he dresses in simple suits, he drives a simple car. He shows up at event after event after event constantly.” Westhoven said Frelinghuysen has run into unprecedented political problems because redistricting brought more Democratic towns into his district, and he has opted to go with the changing tide in the Republican Party. “I think you started seeing him leaning more and more to the right as his party leaned more and more to the right,” Westhoven said. Frelinghuysen’s lukewarm votes on abortion rights have brought him low ratings from pro-abortion groups, and he opposes regulations to limit greenhouse gases, gun control and gay marriage. Yet Democrat Carolyn Maloney of New York considers him an ally because of his support for funding for 9/11 first responders, disaster relief after Sandy, and the Equal Rights Amendment. “So he is an important voice, an important leader in Congress, and I’m proud to have him as a friend,” Maloney said. But Frelinghuysen has not held a town hall meeting with constituents in four years. Instead, he spends a lot of time attending small events at schools, community groups and veteran organizations. But town halls, observers say, are not  his strong suit. “He's very low key,” said Nicolas Platt,  a neighbor who grew up around the Frelinghuysens and is the former mayor of Harding Township. “I don't know how he does it, but he will be at every pancake breakfast. He will be at every fireman rolling out a new fire truck.” On the other hand, Platt said he has watched every State of the Union speech since Lyndon B. Johnson, “and I have never seen Rodney Frelinghuysen on camera.” Frelinghuysen did not respond to a request to be interviewed for this story. His letter complaining about the activist, first reported by WNYC, shined an unwelcome spotlight on the congressman. After it went viral, the Cook Political Report downgraded Frelinghuysen’s re-election chances next year, rating his district  “lean Republican” after  many years as a  “likely Republican” district. The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee has added Frelinghuysen to the list of New Jersey Republicans it will challenge with national money. A woman who is a former Navy helicopter pilot and former federal prosecutor , Mikie Sherell, has announced she will run. Republicans Leonard Lance and Tom MacArthur were already on the DCCC list. In November, longtime Rep. Scott Garrett was defeated by a Democrat. That leaves Chris Smith, a veteran congressman from Monmouth and Ocean counties, as the only holder of a safe Republican seat in the state. Smith is also facing new activist groups hounding him in his district. But Kean, the former governor, says it would be foolish for voters to turn Frelinghuysen out of office, especially because New Jersey needs him as Appropriations chair to help secure funding for a new train tunnel into New York City. “You'd lose leverage, which I don't know if we ever had it before — I'd say certainly not in my lifetime,” Kean said. “Nobody would be more helpful to the state than Rodney Frelinghuysen."
  It looks like there's an issue with JavaScript in your browser. For a better experience, we recommend that you enable JavaScript. Go to https://www.whatismybrowser.com/guides/how-to-enable-javascript/ to learn more. WNYC News Published by WNYC News Rodney Frelinghuysen and the Poisoned Chalice Download this audio Want to embed this player? Use the code below. More info. <iframe frameborder="0" scrolling="no" height="130" width="100%" src="https://www.wnyc.org/widgets/ondemand_player/wnyc/#file=/audio/json/758478/&share=1"></iframe> Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email a Friend Rodney Frelinghuysen (R-N.J.) in 2011. (AP Photo / AP Photo) i May 29, 2017 · by Nancy Solomon It was the scribbled footnote that did it, rippling across social networks from northern New Jersey to Washington, D.C., revealing a bare-knuckled side of a low-key lawmaker. In a fund raising letter to a member of the board of directors of a New Jersey bank, U.S. Rep. Rodney Frelinghuysen, a Republican from Morris County, asked for money to combat well-organized opponents who had sprung up after the election of President Donald Trump. “P.S. — One of the ringleaders works in your bank!” Frelinghuysen, the chairman of the House Appropriations Committee, wrote in blue pen.  The activist, a senior vice president and lawyer, resigned after she was confronted with the letter by her boss. The episode has drawn an ethics complaint against Frelinghuysen, a politician who has worked behind the scenes for 22 years and just this year rose to his place in the Republican leadership. “That was very disappointing and very much out of character for Congressman Frelinghuysen,” said Ross K. Baker, distinguished professor of political science at Rutgers University in New Brunswick, N.J.   But the letter was also notable for what it revealed about the pressure Frelinghuysen is under — surprising for a member of Congress who, in 12 elections, has never received less than 58 percent of the vote. Frelinghuysen’s elections have been so easy, his Democratic opposition so weak, that the provocateur filmmaker Michael Moore once ran a ficus tree against him. But now he’s been caught seeking revenge against one of his own constituents. “It seemed a particularly mean-spirited and vengeful thing for Congressman Frelinghuysen to do — a man who never had a reputation of being that kind of a bare knuckles fighter,” Baker said. “I think he senses that the ground is shifting from under him.” That shift, Baker said, was prompted by the election of Trump and the Republican hold on Congress, forcing him to choose between the party’s leadership and moderate constituents back home. “Becoming the chairman of the House Appropriations Committee, which of course in some ways is the crown jewel of any House member’s career, has been a bit of a poisoned chalice for Rodney Frelinghuysen,” Baker said. His response to President Trump’s budget proposal this week was tepid. He also opposed the first iteration of the House Republican plan to repeal Obamacare. But, reportedly threatened with losing his chairmanship, he ultimately changed his vote, siding with conservatives in the second round of voting on the American Health Care Act. Back home, the election quickly gave rise to NJ11th for Change, a constituent group opposing Frelinghuysen. Activists have held weekly protests at his office, overloaded his phone lines and called on him to hold a town hall, which he has so far refused to do. The employee he complained about is on the organization’s steering committee. He did hold a telephone town hall recently, which allows him more control to cut off callers when they disagree.  His frustration with the activists showed. “For people who have jammed our lines and made it difficult for us to meet our constituent needs, it would be nice for you to back off,” Frelinghuysen said. “I didn’t even know who he was for years,” said Tom Hilliard, another member of the  steering committee, who helped design the group’s response to Frelinghuysen’s vote on  Obamacare. “And so maybe 20,000 people knew him as the kindly grandpa who shows up at your high school art fair. But now 100,000 people know him as the guy who sold out his constituents.” Former Gov. Tom Kean Sr., possibly the most respected Republican in New Jersey, insists Frelinghuysen is still a moderate — a fiscal conservative who is liberal on social issues, despite the health care vote. “Given the importance of that bill to the Republican Party and the pledges the Republican Party had made, it might have been very difficult to vote against two different bills in health care and say you still want the leadership,” Kean said. The two men have known each other their whole lives, and both come from a long line of leaders dating back to the American Revolution. Frelinghuysen’s father, Peter B. Frelinghuysen, served in the House of Representatives for 22 years. Rodney Frelinghuysen is the great-great-grandson of Frederick Theodore Frelinghuysen, who was a U.S. Senator from New Jersey and U.S. Secretary of State in the administration of President Chester A. Arthur. Rodney’s great-great-great-uncle, Theodore Frelinghuysen, was also a U.S. Senator from New Jersey — and the vice-presidential running mate of Henry Clay on the Whig ticket in 1844.   Frelinghuysen's great-great-great-great-grandfather, Frederick Frelinghuysen, was one of the framers of the first Constitution of New Jersey, a soldier in the American Revolution and a U.S. Senator. There is a Frelinghuysen Township in northwestern  New Jersey, a Frelinghuysen Avenue in Newark, a Frelinghuysen Middle School in Morristown, a Frelinghuysen building at Rutgers University and a lovely Frelinghuysen Arboretum on land donated by the family. Frelinghuysen, 71, is also one of the wealthiest members of Congress, with an estimated worth of about $54 million, according to federal financial disclosures.  His great-great-great-grandmother married Peter Ballantine, founder of Ballantine Brewery in Newark, which at its peak was the third largest brewer in America. Several mansions, including one that is part of the Newark Museum, were built by the Ballantines in Newark. On his mother's side, Frelinghuysen is a great-great-grandson of William Procter, co-founder of Procter & Gamble, maker of Charmin tissue, Crest toothpaste, Bounty paper towels, Dawn dish soap and dozens of other products, with annual sales of more than a billion dollars. Frelinghuysen’s 11th Congressional District is what New Jerseyans call “Republican horse country.” It’s one of the richest districts in the country, and one of the best educated.  The gentleman-farmer estates in his home town, Harding Township, make it one of the top 25 richest zip codes in America, according to Forbes Magazine. “A lot of people think of him — or at least those who don't know him think of him — as some kind of blueblood," said William Westhoven, who has covered Morris County politics since 1994 for the Daily Record. “He really, really does not present in public in that way in any way, shape or form. Rodney presents as a very very regular guy — he dresses in simple suits, he drives a simple car. He shows up at event after event after event constantly.” Westhoven said Frelinghuysen has run into unprecedented political problems because redistricting brought more Democratic towns into his district, and he has opted to go with the changing tide in the Republican Party. “I think you started seeing him leaning more and more to the right as his party leaned more and more to the right,” Westhoven said. Frelinghuysen’s lukewarm votes on abortion rights have brought him low ratings from pro-abortion groups, and he opposes regulations to limit greenhouse gases, gun control and gay marriage. Yet Democrat Carolyn Maloney of New York considers him an ally because of his support for funding for 9/11 first responders, disaster relief after Sandy, and the Equal Rights Amendment. “So he is an important voice, an important leader in Congress, and I’m proud to have him as a friend,” Maloney said. But Frelinghuysen has not held a town hall meeting with constituents in four years. Instead, he spends a lot of time attending small events at schools, community groups and veteran organizations. But town halls, observers say, are not  his strong suit. “He's very low key,” said Nicolas Platt,  a neighbor who grew up around the Frelinghuysens and is the former mayor of Harding Township. “I don't know how he does it, but he will be at every pancake breakfast. He will be at every fireman rolling out a new fire truck.” On the other hand, Platt said he has watched every State of the Union speech since Lyndon B. Johnson, “and I have never seen Rodney Frelinghuysen on camera.” Frelinghuysen did not respond to a request to be interviewed for this story. His letter complaining about the activist, first reported by WNYC, shined an unwelcome spotlight on the congressman. After it went viral, the Cook Political Report downgraded Frelinghuysen’s re-election chances next year, rating his district  “lean Republican” after  many years as a  “likely Republican” district. The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee has added Frelinghuysen to the list of New Jersey Republicans it will challenge with national money. A woman who is a former Navy helicopter pilot and former federal prosecutor , Mikie Sherell, has announced she will run. Republicans Leonard Lance and Tom MacArthur were already on the DCCC list. In November, longtime Rep. Scott Garrett was defeated by a Democrat. That leaves Chris Smith, a veteran congressman from Monmouth and Ocean counties, as the only holder of a safe Republican seat in the state. Smith is also facing new activist groups hounding him in his district. But Kean, the former governor, says it would be foolish for voters to turn Frelinghuysen out of office, especially because New Jersey needs him as Appropriations chair to help secure funding for a new train tunnel into New York City. “You'd lose leverage, which I don't know if we ever had it before — I'd say certainly not in my lifetime,” Kean said. “Nobody would be more helpful to the state than Rodney Frelinghuysen."
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us: SUBSCRIBE NOW My Profile Log out LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age MenuClose Advertising Age Search Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Video Making Sense of the Connected Life Connected devices from Amazon Echo to smart toothbrushes are taking over, but few of us recognize their real power and potential. Featured Super Bowl Ad Archive Best Places to Work Women to Watch 40 Under 40 Agency Report Leading National Advertisers Tagline Podcast Required Reading The 2017 Marketing Fact Pack Opinion See All DigitalNext The Media Guy Agency Viewpoint Rance Crain Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Log Out Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Now Log Out Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search 8 Trends Ahead for the $263 Billion Licensing Industry By Michael Stone and Allison Ames - 5 hours ago Array 0 Vodka Rebellion: Behind the Rise of New Amsterdam and Tito's By E.J. Schultz - 10 hours ago Array 0 Tiny Toast is Toast: General Mills Benches Brand Name By Jessica Wohl - 10 hours ago Array 0 What Mary Meeker Has to Say About Snapchat's TV Dreams By Garett Sloane - 16 hours ago Array 0 The Short, Happy Life of NBC's New 'Must-See TV' By Anthony Crupi - 17 hours ago Array 0 Vodka Rebellion: Behind the Rise of New Amsterdam and Tito's By E.J. Schultz - 10 hours ago 0 The Short, Happy Life of NBC's New 'Must-See TV' By Anthony Crupi - 17 hours ago 0 Tiny Toast is Toast: General Mills Benches Brand Name By Jessica Wohl - 10 hours ago 0 Ads.txt Could Wipe Out a Legion of Programmatic Ad Players. That's Good By Ian Trider - 20 hours ago 0 This Mobile McDonald's Drive-Thru Puts Other Food Trucks to Shame By Ann-Christine Diaz - 23 hours ago 0 Ad Age's Women to Watch 2017 - 11 hours ago 0 Marketers Struggle With Viewability IRL, Too By Jack Neff - 18 hours ago 0 Ballad of the Sad White Alpha Men By Simon Dumenco - 18 hours ago 0 NBC Wins Broadcast TV's Annual War of Attrition By Anthony Crupi - Yesterday 0 Strahan Reveals Locker Room Secrets (And What He Thinks of Ryan Seacrest) By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 11 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US × Sign In Register Sign In Forgot Password? Once registered, you can: - Read additional free articles each month - Comment on articles and featured creative work - Get our curated newsletters delivered to your inbox Register Now By registering you agree to our privacy policy, terms & conditions and to receive occasional emails from Ad Age. You may unsubscribe at any time. Are you a print subscriber? Activate your account. Women to Watch Women To Watch Alumnae: Where Are They Now? Published on May 30, 2017. Most Popular This is the 21st year Ad Age is publishing Women to Watch, and over those two decades our honorees have gone on to even greater things. Here, we check in with 16 of our past Women to Watch to see where they are today. Mary Barra, the first female chairman-CEO of General Motors, was a Woman to Watch in 2012 when she was senior VP-global product development at the automaker. Dawn Hudson, now exec VP-chief marketing officer at the National Football League, made our list in 1997 when she was exec VP-sales and marketing at Frito-Lay. Carol H. Williams, founder of Carol H. Williams Advertising, who made our list in 2002, was inducted into the Advertising Hall of Fame this year. Linda Yaccarino, named to our Women to Watch in 2007 as exec VP-general manager of ad sales and marketing at Turner, is now chairman-ad sales and partnerships at NBC Universal. Donna Speciale, a Woman to Watch in 2001 as exec VP-director of local and national broadcast at MediaCom, is now president of Turner Ad Sales. Fiona Carter, Class of '06 while exec VP-integration director on Bank of America at Omnicom, is now chief brand officer at the nation's second largest advertiser, AT&T. Kathleen Brookbanks, Class of '03 as managing director of OMD Midwest, is now chief operating officer at Hearts & Science. Marla Kaplowitz, the new president-CEO of the 4A's, made the list in 2012 as CEO of MEC North America. Tamara Ingram, named to our Women to Watch list in 2007 as president-Team P&G at WPP Group, is now worldwide CEO at WPP's JWT. Anne Bologna, chief strategy officer at iCrossing, was a Woman to Watch in 2008 when she was a founding partner of Toy. Morgan Flatley, recently named U.S. CMO at McDonald's, was a Woman to Watch in 2014 when she was VP-marketing at Gatorade. In the McDonald's post, she succeeds Deborah Wahl, Women to Watch Class of '02, who was then corporate manager-marketing communications at Toyota Motor Sales USA. Maryam Banikarim, Class of 2011 when she was senior VP-CMO at Gannett, is now global CMO of Hyatt Hotels. And just this month four Women to Watch moved up: Chloe Gottlieb, Class of 2016 as exec VP-exec creative director at R/GA, was promoted to joint chief creative officer for the agency. Lauren Hobart, Class of 2010 when she was CMO-sparkling brands at PepsiCo, became president of Dick's Sporting Goods. Mari Kim Novak, a Woman to Watch last year as CMO of Rubicon Project, was named president of Advertising Week. Lindsay Pattison, named to the Class of 2015 as global CEO of Maxus, was appointed chief transformation officer at Maxus parent GroupM. Credit: file photos In this article: Agencies Automotive Special Report: Women to Watch Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Site by AREA 17
Continue to NJ Spotlight Follow Us: Sign Up / Sign In / Update Profile Sign Out / Update Profile NJ Spotlight Newsletters Budget Education Energy & Environment Healthcare More Issues Opinion MORE▼ Videos Webinars Roundtables Water Immigration Sponsored Primaries 2017 Donate! Who We Are [close] News, Issues and Insight for New Jersey - directly to your inbox Subscribe to NJ Spotlight Newsletters Daily Digest Weekly Editor's Picks Politics Article Comments Your Email Recipient's Email Message (Optional) Send Cancel Republican Rep. Rodney Frelinghuysen and the ‘Poisoned Chalice’ Nancy Solomon | WNYC News | May 30, 2017 A scribbled footnote on a fundraising request reveals the bare-knuckled side of a low-key lawmaker U.S. Rep. Rodney Frelinghuysen (R-11th) It was the scribbled footnote that did it, rippling across social networks from northern New Jersey to Washington, D.C., revealing a bare-knuckled side of a low-key lawmaker. In a fundraising letter to a member of the board of directors of a New Jersey bank, U.S. Rep. Rodney Frelinghuysen, a Republican from Morris County, asked for money to combat well-organized opponents who had sprung up after the election of President Donald Trump. “P.S. — One of the ringleaders works in your bank!” Frelinghuysen, the chairman of the House Appropriations Committee, wrote in blue pen. The activist, a senior vice president and lawyer, resigned after she was confronted with the letter by her boss. Ethics complaint The episode has drawn an ethics complaint against Frelinghuysen, a politician who has worked behind the scenes for 22 years and just this year rose to his place in the Republican leadership. “That was very disappointing and very much out of character for Congressman Frelinghuysen,” said Ross K. Baker, distinguished professor of political science at Rutgers University in New Brunswick. But the letter was also notable for what it revealed about the pressure Frelinghuysen is under — surprising for a member of Congress who, in 12 elections, has never received less than 58 percent of the vote. Frelinghuysen’s elections have been so easy, his Democratic opposition so weak, that the provocateur filmmaker Michael Moore once ran a ficus tree against him. But now he’s been caught seeking revenge against one of his own constituents. ‘A bare-knuckles fighter’ “It seemed a particularly mean-spirited and vengeful thing for Congressman Frelinghuysen to do — a man who never had a reputation of being that kind of a bare-knuckles fighter,” Baker said. “I think he senses that the ground is shifting from under him.” That shift, Baker said, was prompted by the election of Trump and the Republican hold on Congress, forcing him to choose between the party’s leadership and moderate constituents back home. “Becoming the chairman of the House Appropriations Committee, which of course in some ways is the crown jewel of any House member’s career, has been a bit of a poisoned chalice for Rodney Frelinghuysen,” Baker said. His response to Trump’s budget proposal this week was tepid. He also opposed the first iteration of the House Republican plan to repeal Obamacare. But reportedly threatened with losing his chairmanship, he ultimately changed his vote, siding with conservatives in the second round of voting on the American Health Care Act. NJ11th for Change Back home, the election quickly gave rise to NJ11th for Change, a constituent group opposing Frelinghuysen. Activists have held weekly protests at his office, overloaded his phone lines, and called on him to hold a town hall, which he has so far refused to do. The employee he complained about is on the organization’s steering committee. He did hold a telephone town hall recently, which allows him more control to cut off callers when they disagree. His frustration with the activists showed. “For people who have jammed our lines and made it difficult for us to meet our constituent needs, it would be nice for you to back off,” Frelinghuysen said. “I didn’t even know who he was for years,” said Tom Hilliard, another member of the steering committee, who helped design the group’s response to Frelinghuysen’s vote on Obamacare. “And so maybe 20,000 people knew him as the kindly grandpa who shows up at your high school art fair. But now 100,000 people know him as the guy who sold out his constituents.” Former Gov. Tom Kean Sr., possibly the most respected Republican in New Jersey, insists Frelinghuysen is still a moderate — a fiscal conservative who is liberal on social issues, despite the health care vote. “Given the importance of that bill to the Republican Party and the pledges the Republican Party had made, it might have been very difficult to vote against two different bills in healthcare and say you still want the leadership,” Kean said. The two men have known each other their whole lives, and both come from a long line of leaders dating back to the American Revolution. Lineage of leadership Frelinghuysen’s father, Peter B. Frelinghuysen, served in the House of Representatives for 22 years. Rodney Frelinghuysen is the great-great-grandson of Frederick Theodore Frelinghuysen, who was a U.S. Senator from New Jersey and U.S. Secretary of State in the administration of President Chester A. Arthur. Rodney’s great-great-great-uncle, Theodore Frelinghuysen, was also a U.S. Senator from New Jersey — and the vice-presidential running mate of Henry Clay on the Whig ticket in 1844. Frelinghuysen's great-great-great-great-grandfather, Frederick Frelinghuysen, was one of the framers of the first Constitution of New Jersey, a soldier in the American Revolution, and a U.S. Senator. There is a Frelinghuysen Township in northwestern New Jersey, a Frelinghuysen Avenue in Newark, a Frelinghuysen Middle School in Morristown, a Frelinghuysen building at Rutgers University, and a lovely Frelinghuysen Arboretum on land donated by the family. Frelinghuysen, 71, is also one of the wealthiest members of Congress, with an estimated worth of about $54 million, according to federal financial disclosures. His great-great-great-grandmother married Peter Ballantine, founder of Ballantine Brewery in Newark, which at its peak was the third-largest brewer in America. Several mansions, including one that is part of the Newark Museum, were built by the Ballantines in Newark. On his mother's side, Frelinghuysen is a great-great-grandson of William Procter, co-founder of Procter & Gamble, maker of Charmin tissue, Crest toothpaste, Bounty paper towels, Dawn dish soap, and dozens of other products, with annual sales of more than a billion dollars. ‘Republican horse country’ Frelinghuysen’s 11th Congressional District is what New Jerseyans call “Republican horse country.” It’s one of the richest districts in the country, and one of the best educated. The gentleman-farmer estates in his home town, Harding Township, make it one of the top 25 richest ZIP codes in America, according to Forbes Magazine. “A lot of people think of him — or at least those who don't know him think of him — as some kind of blueblood," said William Westhoven, who has covered Morris County politics since 1994 for the Daily Record. “He really, really does not present in public in that way in any way, shape, or form. Rodney presents as a very, very regular guy — he dresses in simple suits, he drives a simple car. He shows up at event after event after event constantly.” Westhoven said Frelinghuysen has run into unprecedented political problems because redistricting brought more Democratic towns into his district, and he has opted to go with the changing tide in the Republican Party. “I think you started seeing him leaning more and more to the right as his party leaned more and more to the right,” Westhoven said. Frelinghuysen’s lukewarm votes on abortion rights have brought him low ratings from pro-abortion groups, and he opposes regulations to limit greenhouse gases, gun control, and gay marriage. Democratic ally Yet Democrat Carolyn Maloney of New York considers him an ally because of his support for funding for 9/11 first responders, disaster relief after Sandy, and the Equal Rights Amendment. “So he is an important voice, an important leader in Congress, and I’m proud to have him as a friend,” Maloney said. But Frelinghuysen has not held a town hall meeting with constituents in four years. Instead, he spends a lot of time attending small events at schools, community groups, and veteran organizations. But town halls, observers say, are not his strong suit. “He's very low key,” said Nicolas Platt, a neighbor who grew up around the Frelinghuysens and is the former mayor of Harding Township. “I don't know how he does it, but he will be at every pancake breakfast. He will be at every fireman rolling out a new fire truck.” On the other hand, Platt said he has watched every State of the Union speech since Lyndon B. Johnson, “and I have never seen Rodney Frelinghuysen on camera.” Frelinghuysen did not respond to a request to be interviewed for this story. Going viral His letter complaining about the activist, first reported by WNYC, shined an unwelcome spotlight on the congressman. After it went viral, the Cook Political Report downgraded Frelinghuysen’s re-election chances next year, rating his district “lean Republican” after many years as a “likely Republican.” The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee has added Frelinghuysen to the list of New Jersey Republicans it will challenge with national money. A woman who is a former Navy helicopter pilot and former federal prosecutor, Mikie Sherell, has announced she will run. Republicans Leonard Lance and Tom MacArthur were already on the DCCC list. In November, longtime Rep. Scott Garrett was defeated by a Democrat. That leaves Chris Smith, a veteran congressman from Monmouth and Ocean counties, as the only holder of a safe Republican seat in the state. Smith is also facing new activist groups hounding him in his district. But Kean, the former governor, says it would be foolish for voters to turn Frelinghuysen out of office, especially because New Jersey needs him as appropriations chair to help secure funding for a new train tunnel into New York City. “You'd lose leverage, which I don't know if we ever had it before — I'd say certainly not in my lifetime,” Kean said. “Nobody would be more helpful to the state than Rodney Frelinghuysen." See Comments Read more in Politics Subscribe to NJ Spotlight Newsletters Daily Digest Weekly Editor's Picks In the Shadow of Liberty Sponsors Corporate Supporters All Rights Reserved ©2017 NJSpotlight Budget Education Energy & Environment Healthcare More Issues Opinion Who We Are Donate! Media Kit ×To add this web app to the home screen, tap and then Add to Home Screen. Most Popular Stories « »
Skip to main content The Straits Times Business Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites news with benefits ST Wine SPH Rewards STJobs STCars STProperty STClassifieds SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone Lianhe Wanbao omy.sg STOMP SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper zaobao.sg Advertise with us Print Edition ePaper Philippines billionaire Sy's group counts on logistics as next growth engine PublishedMay 30, 2017, 1:25 pm SGT More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4Loy Copy MANILA (BLOOMBERG) - Almost 60 years after turning a shoe shop in Manila into a banking-to-property conglomerate that's made him the richest man in the Philippines, billionaire Henry Sy has found the next growth engine for his group: logistics. Mr Sy's SM Investments Corp. is counting on logistics affiliate 2GO Group to fuel earnings growth as e-commerce and economic growth boosts demand for deliveries, chief executive officer Ricky DyBuncio, 57, said in an interview. Logistics may even become the company's fourth business pillar after banking, real estate and retail, he said. The logistics company's shares surged to a record Tuesday in Manila trading. "As economic growth spreads nationwide, you will see a more and more increasing need for logistics operations," Mr DyBuncio, the first person from outside the Sy family to lead SM Investments, said in Manila May 25. "It definitely could grow by double digits for many, many years to come." SM Investments, the country's most valuable company after Sy-controlled residential and malls builder SM Prime Holdings, has said it needs to expand in high-growth sectors to complement its main businesses. Investments in logistics will help boost earnings as the core businesses reach a scale that makes double-digit percentage growth no longer the norm, Mr DyBuncio said. SM stands for Shoemart, the name of the original store Mr Sy opened in 1958. Get The Straits Times newsletters in your inbox Sign Up Mr DyBuncio, who took over from the founder's son Harley Sy last month, has said he'll look to the company's share price as a measure of his performance. He will need fast-growing businesses to continue driving the stock higher as his predecessor oversaw a more than a six-fold increase since the shares began trading in 2005. Logistics can grow at least two times faster than the economy, according to Mr DyBuncio, who has been looking at investment opportunities in logistics over the past two years. Economic growth is boosting demand for shipping, warehouses and port facilities nationwide. Shares of 2GO climbed as much as 21 per cent to 25 pesos, the highest since the company's 1995 listing, before paring gains to trade at 23.40 pesos as of the midday trading break in Manila on Tuesday. The stock has tripled so far this year. SM Investments fell 0.2 percent to 775.50 pesos. The Philippines plans to spend as much as 9 trillion pesos (S$249.1 billion) on infrastructure from this year to 2022 to boost Southeast Asia's fastest growing economy. The economy grew 6.4 per cent in the first quarter, its weakest expansion in six quarters and is forecast to grow 6.6 per cent this year, according to economist estimates compiled by Bloomberg. "You can't have faster economic growth without logistics," said Gonzalo Bongolan, vice president at Philippine Commercial Capital Inc., a Manila-based investment bank. "Logistics and the last mile of distribution will become more critical as commercial activities multiply." 2GO is the largest provider of so-called end-to-end logistics services in the Philippines, a nation of more than 7,000 islands. The company, which has a fleet of 24 ships, had a 90 percent passenger market share and cornered 38 percent of cargo that passed through the ports where it operated. Customers include SM Investments' department stores and grocers, Procter & Gamble, and Lazada Group, a Southeast Asian e-commerce operator whose Philippine clients include an SM's online store. Net income will jump about 14 per cent this year to 35.4 billion pesos, based on the average of seven analyst estimates compiled by Bloomberg. That would be the fastest growth since the 16 percent advance in 2012. SM Investments indirectly owns about 30 per cent of 2GO. It's part of portfolio investments amassed to diversify beyond core businesses that include BDO Unibank Inc., the biggest Philippine lender by assets, and China Banking Corp. SM Investments' two other major units are SM Prime, the nation's largest shopping mall operator, and SM Retail Inc., the biggest Philippine retailer with 2,303 outlets. Return on equity, which fell to about 11 percent last year from the 14.3 percent peak in 2012, will rebound in the next couple of years as returns from its investments, including property assets, improve, DyBuncio said. As for the logistics business, DyBuncio said he's still not certain it will become a core business on the scale of the banking, property and retail mainstays. "Is it going to be big enough that we can say it's a fourth leg? We need to see what happens in the next few years," DyBuncio said. "We might be able to find the fourth leg but it will probably be a short leg given the size of the group's three core businesses." Topics:  BILLIONAIRES/MILLIONAIRES PHILIPPINES More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4Loy Copy sentifi.com Sentifi Straitstimes Top 10 Talked About Stocks BrandInsider Sponsored Content starhub_a126125_2017june05_strosnative.jpg French Open…here’s what you never knew lg_a125972_2017may29_strosnative.jpg LG OLED TV vs. Conventional TVs: What’s the difference? eyemo_a125690_2017jun05_300x200_stnative.jpg Household brand Eye Mo is back on shelves Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Never Lost Your Precious Belongings Again! HP Elitebook 840 Now On Sale! Check out Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Billionaire Sy's Group Counts on Logistics Growth, CEO Says by Ian C Sayson More stories by Ian C Sayson and Clarissa Batino More stories by Clarissa Batino May 29, 2017, 6:00 PM EDT May 30, 2017, 12:25 AM EDT Logistics industry growing twice economy’s pace, DyBuncio says DyBuncio is first Sy family outsider to lead SM Investments Almost 60 years after turning a shoe shop in Manila into a banking-to-property conglomerate that’s made him the richest man in the Philippines, billionaire Henry Sy has found the next growth engine for his group: logistics. Sy’s SM Investments Corp. is counting on logistics affiliate  2GO Group Inc. to fuel earnings growth as e-commerce and economic growth boosts demand for deliveries, Chief Executive Officer Ricky DyBuncio, 57, said in an interview. Logistics may even become the company’s fourth business pillar after banking, real estate and retail, he said. The logistics company’s shares surged to a record Tuesday in Manila trading. Ricky DyBuncio Photographer: Veejay Villafranca/Bloomberg “As economic growth spreads nationwide, you will see a more and more increasing need for logistics operations,” DyBuncio, the first person from outside the Sy family to lead SM Investments, said in Manila May 25. “It definitely could grow by double digits for many, many years to come.” SM Investments, the country’s most valuable company after Sy-controlled residential and malls builder SM Prime Holdings Inc., has said it needs to expand in high-growth sectors to complement its main businesses. Investments in logistics will help boost earnings as the core businesses reach a scale that makes double-digit percentage growth no longer the norm, DyBuncio said. SM stands for Shoemart, the name of the original store Sy opened in 1958. DyBuncio, who took over from the founder’s son Harley Sy last month, has said he’ll look to the company’s share price as a measure of his performance. He will need fast-growing businesses to continue driving the stock higher as his predecessor oversaw a more than a six-fold increase since the shares began trading in 2005. Read more about 2GO stakeholder Dennis Uy’s business empire here. Logistics can grow at least two times faster than the economy, according to DyBuncio, who has been looking at investment opportunities in logistics over the past two years. Economic growth is boosting demand for shipping, warehouses and port facilities nationwide. Shares of 2GO climbed as much as 21 percent to 25 pesos, the highest since the company’s 1995 listing, before paring gains to trade at 23.40 pesos as of the midday trading break in Manila on Tuesday. The stock has tripled so far this year. SM Investments fell 0.2 percent to 775.50 pesos. The Philippines plans to spend as much as 9 trillion pesos ($180 billion) on infrastructure from this year to 2022 to boost Southeast Asia’s fastest growing economy. The economy grew 6.4 percent in the first quarter, its weakest expansion in six quarters and is forecast to grow 6.6 percent this year, according to economist estimates compiled by Bloomberg. “You can’t have faster economic growth without logistics,” said Gonzalo Bongolan, vice president at Philippine Commercial Capital Inc., a Manila-based investment bank. “Logistics and the last mile of distribution will become more critical as commercial activities multiply.” The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up 2GO is the largest provider of so-called end-to-end logistics services in the Philippines, a nation of more than 7,000 islands. The company, which has a fleet of 24 ships, had a 90 percent passenger market share and cornered 38 percent of cargo that passed through the ports where it operated. Customers include SM Investments’ department stores and grocers, Procter & Gamble Co., and Lazada Group SA, a Southeast Asian e-commerce operator whose Philippine clients include an SM’s online store. Net income will jump about 14 percent this year to 35.4 billion pesos, based on the average of seven analyst estimates compiled by Bloomberg. That would be the fastest growth since the 16 percent advance in 2012. SM Investments indirectly owns about 30 percent of 2GO. It’s part of portfolio investments amassed to diversify beyond core businesses that include BDO Unibank Inc., the biggest Philippine lender by assets, and China Banking Corp. SM Investments’ two other major units are SM Prime, the nation’s largest shopping mall operator, and SM Retail Inc., the biggest Philippine retailer with 2,303 outlets. Return on equity, which fell to about 11 percent last year from the 14.3 percent peak in 2012, will rebound in the next couple of years as returns from its investments, including property assets, improve, DyBuncio said. As for the logistics business, DyBuncio said he’s still not certain it will become a core business on the scale of the banking, property and retail mainstays. “Is it going to be big enough that we can say it’s a fourth leg? We need to see what happens in the next few years," DyBuncio said. “We might be able to find the fourth leg but it will probably be a short leg given the size of the group’s three core businesses." Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read London Terror Attack Before Vote Leaves 7 Dead, Many Hurt As China Eyes Trade Growth, Europe Moves to Calm Wary Industries May Ramps Up Anti-Terror Rhetoric After Attack Kills Seven Toyota Says It Sold Entire Stake in Tesla in 2016 London Cops Adjust to New Terror Reality With Guns, Helicopters Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Your browser is blocking javascript. This might limit your experience on this website SUBSCRIBE FREE NEWSLETTER Breaking News on Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in North AmericaEU editionAPAC edition Headlines Brand Innovation Formulation & Science Packaging & Design Business & Financial Market Trends Regulation & Safety Videos Audios Galleries Internet Live Events Promotional Features Site Archive June 2017 May 2017 Previous months Hot topics Anti-Aging Naturals & Organics Nanotechnology Sustainable Packaging Digital PRODUCT LIBRARY Skin Care Hair Care Color Cosmetics Fragrance Nutricosmetics Packaging Resources All Products Supplier Webinars Videos & Audio Technical Papers Product Brochures Suppliers Events All events Our events Shows & Conferences Other industry events CD Buzz News & Analysis Events Executive interviews Related sites CosmeticsDesign-Europe.comCosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Europe CosmeticsDesign-Asia.comCosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Asia-Pacific Headlines > Brand Innovation Read more breaking news     Text size Print Forward Subscribe to our FREE newsletter SUBSCRIBE Indie Beauty: Where ideas, inspiration, innovation, and investments happen in the cosmetics and personal care industry today (part 2 of 2) By Deanna UtroskeDeanna Utroske 31-May-20172017-05-31T00:00:00Z Last updated on 02-Jun-2017 at 15:28 GMT2017-06-02T15:28:31Z Related tags: Cause, Indie beauty, Incubators, Accelerators, Trend, Funding, M&A The independent beauty movement is unstoppable. It’s no longer niche and it’s no longer negligible. Here Cosmetics Design examines all things indie—what’s trending, how conventional beauty is responding, and more. Bringing something new to market is always a risk. The innovative technology behind the Youth Revealed Anti-Aging Skin Care Masks from Nannette de Gaspé Beauté (as mentioned in part 1 of this article ) for example had no precedent in beauty. It’s commonly indie beauty brands that test the market readiness of new products and concepts. Trending Bold indie brands are often on the leading edge (if not ahead of the curve) of what’s coming next in beauty, fragrance, and personal care. While industry giants like IFF Lucas Meyer and Johnson & Johnson are researching and slowly rolling out products that engage productively with the skin or scalp’s microbiome, brands like Mother Dirt and Gallinée have already taken the wonder and science of bacteria as the focus of their brands. Just as environmentalism and corporate social responsibility have become cherished initiatives for multinational corporations, cultural and societal causes have inspired entire indie brands, like Pinch of Colour . The brand founded by Linda Treska not only makes lip color and complexion products without water but also works closely with water conservation causes worldwide. All natural fragrance is a trendy niche thanks to forward-thinking brands like Pour le Monde. In a Two Views piece on Cosmetics Design late last year that brand’s founder Wendi Berger, commented that, “in the three years since Pour le Monde launched, there has been enormous growth in the natural beauty space as more consumers question ingredients found in personal care. They scrutinize and hold companies accountable and expect transparency, efficacy, sustainably sourced ingredients and cruelty free products.” The rise in hair and color cosmetics for non-Caucasian consumers has also been nudged forward by the indie beauty movement. “Finally, we’re seeing products and services—created by people of color—that address the beauty needs of women of color in authentic ways,” Jihan Thompson, co-founder and CEO of Swivel Beauty, an app that helps women of color find the right salon and stylist, told Cosmetics Design . As the app exemplifies, digital technology makes it easier for new brands and services to reach consumers directly. And indie seems to be where the athleisure trend got a running start. Scarcely an article goes by about active beauty in the consumer media that doesn’t mention the innovative Sweat Cosmetics brand . And indie beauty brands led that trend in terms of simplicity (like Feather & Bone face gems ), portability (like Stowaway Cosmetics ), and practicality (like Switch Fresh ) too. Funding Money talks. Big beauty has adopted an entrepreneurial attitude and embraced indie beauty, with awards, through incubators, and with investments or acquisitions. Startups are all the rage and competitions like the L’Oreal NEXT awards (this year’s application deadline in June 17) create a space where the latest outside-the-box tech and innovation can cross-pollinate with the experience and reach of big beauty.   Incubators for finished goods brands like P&G’s Preneur project and for startup supply-side companies like Johnson & Johnson’s JLABS , for individual entrepreneurs like Sephora Accelerate —these all act as catalysts to advance indie and to inspire legacy brands to borrow and build on the best of what’s new. Venture capitalists, investment firms, and bankers, all have a keen interest in indie beauty today; and it’s as much for that reason as it is for the disruptive, entrepreneurial spirit of the whole thing that indie beauty is here to stay. Read part 1 of Indie Beauty: Where ideas, inspiration, innovation, and investments happen in the cosmetics and personal care industry today. This content is copyright protected However, if you would like to share the information in this article, you may use the headline, summary and link below: Indie Beauty: Where ideas, inspiration, innovation, and investments happen in the cosmetics and personal care industry today (part 2 of 2) By Deanna UtroskeDeanna Utroske, 31-May-2017 The independent beauty movement is unstoppable. It’s no longer niche and it’s no longer negligible. Here Cosmetics Design examines all things indie—what’s trending, how conventional beauty is responding, and more. http://www.cosmeticsdesign.com/Brand-Innovation/Indie-Beauty-Where-ideas-inspiration-innovation-and-investments-happen-in-the-cosmetics-and-personal-care-industry-today-part-2-of-2 Copyright - Unless otherwise stated all contents of this web site are © 2017 - William Reed Business Media SAS - All Rights Reserved - Full details for the use of materials on this site can be found in the Terms & Conditions Related news: Indie Beauty: Where ideas, inspiration, innovation, and investments happen in the cosmetics and personal care industry today (part 1 of 2) Indie Beauty: Where ideas, inspiration, innovation, and investments happen in the cosmetics and personal care industry today (part 1 of 2) Why Clinique isn’t (exactly) resting on its laurels in the age of Indie Beauty and All Things Digital Linda Treska, Pinch of Colour RELATED TOPICS: Brand Innovation, Color Cosmetics, Nutricosmetics, Fragrance, Hair Care, Packaging, Skin Care Subscribe to our FREE newsletter Get FREE access to authoritative breaking news, videos, podcasts, webinars and white papers. SUBSCRIBE Related products Hello Face, Goodbye Oil Sabinsa Cosmetics | 30-May-2017 | Clinical study Discover an oil control moisturizer made from potent patented ingredients having sebum regulation activity that controls excess oiliness... A New Approach to Environmental Stress Chemyunion | 21-Jun-2017 | Live Supplier Webinar More than 80% of people living in urban areas are exposed to air quality that exceeds the WHO limits. Studies have shown that exposure t... INVINCITY®, the “invincible” weapon against Polluaging® Solabia Group | 22-May-2017 | Product brochure INVINCITY®, Inhibitor of the Aryl-Hydrocarbon (AhR) receptor activation induced by pollution, is a concentrated form of Fucoidans (sulpha... Busy life? How do you support your skin to follow the rhythm? CODIF | 21-Jun-2017 | Live Supplier Webinar After a busy day, a jetlag, a hectic day with children, you always find the energy to become strong again and…to re-start! What about you... Et-VC™ & Azeclair™ : Design for Daily Urban Protection Corum | 16-May-2017 | Case study Et-VC™, a stable, powerful multi-functional vitamin C derivative proven to effectively rejuvenate skin and even out complexion. New rece... Aging Hair Care through the Legendary Power of Baobab TRI-K Industries Inc. | 15-May-2017 | Data sheet Anti-aging for hair is quickly becoming a large and formidable category in hair care. The explanation behind anti-aging of hair can be de... Smart Hair Repair: KeraSym™ Restore Symrise | 10-May-2017 | Product brochure Wheat proteins have long been hair care favorites bringing in the powerful image of one of the oldest and most cherished nourishing grain... INTRODUCING SMART WARMING TECHNOLOGY Symrise | 27-Apr-2017 | Product brochure A warming sensation may completely transform a product experience.  It triggers relaxation, enhances the perception of the formula’... WS SA50TM- Enhanced Aqueous Solubility Technology for Salicylic Acid Tagra | 24-Apr-2017 | Product brochure WS SA50TM - Tagra’s unique technology leads to a significant increase in Salicylic acid water solubility without high-energy investment w... Rejuvenation through epigenetic science Mibelle Biochemistry | 24-Apr-2017 | Case study Inspired by epigenetic science, RoyalEpigen P5 has been designed to delay the aging of skin. Both lifestyles and environmental factors ha... A unique active plant cell complex, consisting of Indian jasmine cells with integrated Gamma Mangosteen, improves general aspect of face Naolys | 24-Apr-2017 | Product brochure Naolys has been the leader in plant cell culture for 14 years, developing innovative, unique active ingredients, with whole plant cells r... Natural peptide to sculpt & contour the jawline TRI-K Industries Inc. | 12-Apr-2017 | Data sheet TRI-K has developed a new botanical based, natural peptide, NaturePep™ Sacha Inchi - the next of their NaturePep™ platform – launched at... Proven Efficacy in Reducing Pollutant Permeation Chemyunion | 10-Apr-2017 | Case study SkinBlitz protects the DNA of cells exposed to pollution, reduces the biomarkers of environmental stress, inhibits hyperpigmentation and... Global Distinctions in Cosmetic Regulations and Marketing IQPC | 27-Mar-2017 | Case study With regulations still evolving from emerging markets, which are incorporating their own standards to ensure consumer safety and transpar... Performance of Sunscreens with Zemea® Propanediol DuPont Tate & Lyle Bio Products | 20-Mar-2017 | Technical / white paper Two underutilized OTC Category 1 sunscreen actives include ensulizole and sulisobenzone. Downfalls of these water-soluble actives are cry... Emollient Solutions: APRINNOVA’S NEOSSANCE® Squalane APRINNOVA | 13-Mar-2017 | Product brochure Formulators have long recognized Squalane’s value as a superior emollient. APRINNOVA’S NEOSSANCE SQUALANE, derived via fermentation of su... Speed up formula development and ensure market requirement, using performance software solutions designed for cosmetic R&D lab Coptis | 16-Mar-2017 | On-Demand Supplier Webinar The Cosmetic product development generates large amounts of data and documents. Proper integration of your raw materials, ingredients, fo... Pycnogenol® Contributes to Skin Hydration and Reduces Pigmentation Horphag | 21-Sep-2016 | Technical / white paper A newly published review in Skin Pharmacology and Physiology on Pycnogenol®, French maritime pine bark extract, reveals supplementation w... Related suppliers Acme Hardesty | APRINNOVA | Chemyunion | INOLEX | IQPC | Mibelle Biochemistry | Sensient Cosmetic Technologies Most Popular News 1The top ten most innovative indie beauty products 2The Estée Lauder Companies announce new leadership for skin care, hair, and color cosmetics brands 3L'Oréal hair care earns Cradle to Cradle certifications 4Coppertone—a legacy sun care brand fashioning a future through consumer trust, greater transparency, and innovative textures 5DevaCurl acquired Key Industry Events 09-Jul-2017 Cosmoprof North America Las Vegas, Nevada / Exhibition Read more 06-Sep-2017 ADF&PCD New York City / Conference and exhibition Read more 20-Sep-2017 in-cosmetics Latin America São Paulo, Brazil / Conference and exhibition Read more Access all events listing Products Hello Face, Goodbye Oil Sabinsa Cosmetics INVINCITY®, the “invincible” weapon against Polluaging® Solabia Group Et-VC™ & Azeclair™ : Design for Daily Urban Protection Corum Aging Hair Care through the Legendary Power of Baobab TRI-K Industries Inc. Smart Hair Repair: KeraSym™ Restore Symrise INTRODUCING SMART WARMING TECHNOLOGY Symrise View All Products Live Supplier Webinars 21-Jun-2017 A New Approach to Environmental Stress Chemyunion 21-Jun-2017 Busy life? How do you support your skin to follow the rhythm? CODIF On demand Supplier Webinars Speed up formula development and ensure market requirement, using performance software solutions designed for cosmetic R&D lab Coptis All supplier webinars Today's Headlines Will the UN instate a global ban on animal testing for cosmetics? Biome-Friendly Shampoo from Mother Dirt gets a longer shelf life Au Naturale Cosmetics has a whole new look Promotional Features By Mibelle Biochemistry Content Provided by Mibelle Biochemistry Sea anemone venom for sensitive skin By Mibelle Biochemistry Content Provided by Mibelle Biochemistry Fighting cellulite and fat deposits by stimulating brown fat activity By Mibelle Biochemistry Content Provided by Mibelle Biochemistry Rejuvenation through epigenetic science Weekly / Daily Free Newsletters CosmeticsDesign.com USA CosmeticsDesign-Europe.com CosmeticsDesign-Asia.com Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in North America - Daily Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Europe - Daily Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Asia-Pacific - Daily Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in North America - Weekly Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Europe - Weekly Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Asia-Pacific - Weekly       Skin Care Skin Care Skin Care Hair Care Hair Care Hair Care Color Cosmetics Colour Cosmetics Color Cosmetics Fragrance Fragrance Fragrance Nutricosmetics Nutricosmetics Nutricosmetics Packaging Packaging Packaging Subscribe to our FREE newsletterSUBSCRIBE Related Sites from our Team Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Europe  |  Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Asia-Pacific About us | Editorial Calendar | Site map | All sites | Recommend this Site | Advertise | Contact the Editor | Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookie Policy
Shopping Jobs Driving Homes Remembering Celebrating Newspapers TV Networks National Post The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Oddities News Happening Now Local National World Oddities Photo Galleries Weather Business Money Markets Mortgages Sports Hockey NHL Video Highlights Football-CFL Football-NFL Baseball Basketball Winter Sports Golf Racing Soccer Tennis MMA Entertainment Celebrity Music Movies Television Books TV Listings Lifestyle Fashion & Beauty Food Parenting Relationships Astrology Health Diet & Fitness Sexual Health Seniors Family & Child Men Women Travel Destinations Technology Gaming Internet Tech-Biz Space Personal Tech         Global stocks mostly higher as China falls     By Joe McDonald, The Associated Press June 1, 2017     Story Photos ( 1 )     A man talks on his mobile phone in front of an electronic stock board showing Japan's Nikkei 225 index at a securities firm Thursday, June 1, 2017, in Tokyo. Chinese stocks declined Thursday after a survey showed manufacturing weakening while other Asian markets gained after Wall Street fell for a second day. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) BEIJING — Global stock markets were mostly higher Thursday following Wall Street's decline while Chinese stocks fell after a survey showed manufacturing activity weakening. KEEPING SCORE: France's CAC-40 gained 0.5 per cent to 5,308.60 and Germany's DAX advanced 0.4 per cent to 12,660.42. London's FTSE 100 retreated 0.3 per cent to 7,543.86. On Wednesday, the DAX gained 0.1 per cent while the FTSE 100 shed 0.1 per cent and the CAC-40 lost 0.4 per cent. On Wall Street, futures for the Dow Jones industrial average and Standard & Poor's 500 index were up just under 0.1 per cent. ASIA'S DAY: The Shanghai Composite Index lost 0.5 per cent to 3,102.62 while Tokyo's Nikkei 225 advanced 1.1 per cent to 19,860.03. Hong Kong's Hang Seng rose 0.5 per cent to 25,779.34 and Sydney's S&P-ASX 200 added 0.2 per cent to 5,738.10. South Korea's Kospi shed 0.1 per cent to 2,344.61 and India's Sensex was unchanged at 31,155.89. Benchmarks in New Zealand, Taiwan and Singapore rose while Bangkok retreated. WALL STREET: U.S. stocks fell on a sharp drop for banks and a rare loss for tech companies. That offset gains for drug makers and consumer-focused companies. Banks fell after executives from JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America said their trading businesses are having a rough second quarter. Energy companies fell with oil prices. Investors picked consumer-focused companies, drug makers and high-dividend utilities and household goods companies. The S&P 500 lost less than 0.1 per cent to 2,411.80. The Dow dropped 0.1 per cent to 21,008.65. CHINESE MANUFACTURING: The Chinese business magazine Caixin said its purchasing managers' index declined for a third month, falling to 49.6 from April's 50.3 on a 100-point scale on which numbers below 50 show activity contracting. That came after a separate PMI on Wednesday by the National Bureau of Statistics and an industry group, the China Federation of Logistics and Purchasing, improved to 54.5 from 54. ANALYST'S TAKE: "Today's PMI reading points to growth having slowed more rapidly last month than the official PMI initially suggested," said Julian Evans-Pritchard of Capital Economics in a report. Reasons for the conflicting readings were unclear, but one possibility is that Caixin's survey includes more small or private companies than the official measure. "The latest data are still consistent with our broader outlook on the Chinese economy," said Evans-Pritchard. "We have long been warning that the rebound in growth during the second half of last year would prove short-lived." TRUMP AND CLIMATE: President Donald Trump was preparing to announce whether he will pull the United States out of the 195-nation Paris agreement to combat global warming by reducing carbon emissions. U.S. allies around the world sounded alarms about the likely consequences of an American withdrawal. On Twitter, Trump said he still was listening to "a lot of people both ways." Abandoning the pact would isolate the U.S. from allies who spent years negotiating the 2015 agreement. KOREA TRADE: May exports rose 13.4 per cent over a year earlier but growth decelerated from April. Exports are forecast to maintain relatively robust growth this year, possibly helped by the release of a new Samsung smartphone model. But they also face potential risks from rising pressure in the United States and Europe for restrictions on imports, as well as possible slowing Chinese growth. INDIAN MANUFACTURING: A survey showed Indian manufacturing activity grew in May but more slowly than April. A purchasing managers' index declined to 51.6 from April's six-month high of 52.5 on a 100-point scale on which numbers above 50 show activity expanding. The measures for output and new orders declined but stayed well above 50. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. oil gained 48 cents to $48.80 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract plunged $1.34 on Wednesday to close at $48.32. Brent crude, used to price international oils, advanced 45 cents to $51.21 in London. It dropped $1.48 the previous session. CURRENCY: The dollar gained to 110.95 yen from Wednesday's 110.76. The euro edged down to $1.1246 from $1.1247.       E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article           Story Tools   E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article   Font: * * * * *   Image: * * * *       A man talks on his mobile phone in front of an electronic stock board showing Japan's Nikkei 225 index at a securities firm Thursday, June 1, 2017, in Tokyo. Chinese stocks declined Thursday after a survey showed manufacturing weakening while other Asian markets gained after Wall Street fell for a second day. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko)       E-mail this Gallery Print this Gallery Share this Gallery         Photo Galleries »   Leonard Cohen Photos: Leonard Cohen honoured... Leonard Cohen is honoured at the Glenn Gould Prize... more »   Gallery: Italian cruise ship disaster... Passengers leapt into the sea and fought over lifejackets... more »   Photos: Deadly winds hit U.K. One man dies as winds of over 160kph hit Britain and... more » Video: Winds batter Britain Toronto issues 'extreme' cold alert as mercury to drop to -16C   Gallery: Republican candidates... Republican presidential candidates race across Iowa... more »     More Photo Galleries »     Related Topics   business The Canadian Press 2017         Business Videos         Most Popular canada.com E-mailed Shared     Sponsored By           FP Business Wire »   FP Business Wire   Zymeworks Presents Safety and Anti-Tumor Activity Data from the Ongoing Phase 1 Study of ZW25 at the American Society of Clinical Oncology Annual Meeting (ASCO 2017) Global Automotive Windshield Market 2017-2021: Top Drivers and Forecasts by Technavio Royal Gold Expands Revolving Credit Facility and Pays Down another $50 million of Debt           News Business Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Health Travel Technology Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Most Popular Formats Sitemap / RSS Contests Blogs Photo Galleries Videos Canada.com About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us FAQs Tools Canada.com Search for a Job Buy / Sell a Car Infomart Place a Classified Ad Newsletters and Alerts Flyercity.ca About canada.com | Privacy Statement | Terms | Copyright & Permissions © 2010-2017 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman North America Personal Care Electrical Appliances Market Report 2017: Analysis & Forecasts 2016-2022 – Research and Markets The North America market for personal care electrical appliances is expected to grow at a CAGR of 5.6% The forecast suggests that the sales of the products would remain steady and trend would be positive throughout the forecast period. The North America market has been segmented into hair care appliances, hair removal appliances, oral care appliances and other appliances (massagers and heating pads). Hair care appliances segment is a sizable market and would witness tremendous growth during the forecast period. The demand would remain positive due to the need for curling irons and other styling products and also growing need for style among the new generation. Hair removal appliances is also expected to witness a faster growth, especially due to growing demand for electric shavers and a shift from manual shavers to electrical shavers and trimmers. The report highlights the adoption of Personal Care Electrical Appliances in North America. Based on the Product, the North America Personal Care Electrical Appliances Market is segmented into Hair Care Appliances, Hair Removal Appliances, Oral Care Appliances and Others segment. Based on the Type, the Hair Care Appliances market is bifurcated into Hair Dryers, Hair Straighteners and Hair Stylers segment; the Hair Removal Appliances Market is segmented into Epilators, Shavers, Clippers and Trimmer segments; the Oral Care Appliances Market is segmented into Powered Toothbrush and Other oral care segments. Based on the gender, the Personal Care Electrical Appliances market is segmented into Male and Female segments. The countries included in the report are U.S, Canada, Mexico and Rest of North America. Key companies profiled in the report includes Remington Products, Conair Corporation, Groupe Seb, Colgate-Palmolive, The Procter & Gamble Company (P&G), Koninklijke Philips N.V., Panasonic Corporation, Helen Of Troy L.P., Homedics Inc. and Lion Corporation. Key Topics Covered: 1. Market Scope & Methodology 2. Market Overview 3. North America Personal Care & Electrical Appliances Market – By Product 4. North America Personal Care and Electrical Appliances Market – By Gender 5. Country Level Analysis 6. Company Profiles – Remington Products – Conair Corporation – Groupe Seb – Colgate-Palmolive – The Procter & Gamble Company (P&G) – Koninklijke Philips N.V. – Panasonic Corporation – Helen Of Troy L.P. – Homedics Inc. – Lion Corporation For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/6f9q55/north_america Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/north-america-personal-care-electrical-appliances-market-report-2017-analysis–forecasts-2016-2022—research-and-markets-300465266.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Eyeglass Lenses Market Research 2016 – Market Size, Share, Trends Analysis and Growth Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext World Champion Triathlon Coach and Motivational Speaker Siri Lindley to Appear at Denver Mattress in Boulder CO Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Arc Worldwide Strengthens Capabilities Through Leadership And Regional Expansion CHICAGO, May 30, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — To meet the demands of digitally enabled consumers and a rapidly evolving shopper marketing landscape, Arc Worldwide, the shopper marketing agency with the Leo Burnett Group, today announced significant investments in its leadership and geographic footprint that will strengthen its capabilities and drive „Irresistible Commerce” for clients. The agency is growing its national presence by entering the New York City and Northwest Arkansas markets. The expansion follows tremendous growth fueled by substantial new business wins, including the MillerCoors portfolio, which it won in November 2016. Debbie Myszynski, EVP Business Leadership & Director, Commerce; John Lowell, EVP, Chief Intelligence Officer; Scott Fry, SVP, Group Executive Producer; Karl Wenzel, SVP Director, Ops; Nick Jones, EVP, Global Business Development and Innovation; Elizabeth Harris, EVP Director, Strategy; 2nd row: Anna Gomez, Chief Financial Officer; Jenny Cacioppo, EVP Business Leadership; Karuna Rawal, U.S. President; Chris Cancilla, U.S. Chief Creative Officer; Billie Smith, EVP, Director of Talent… To support this growth and bolster the agency’s offerings, Karuna Rawal, U.S. president, Arc Worldwide, has added seven executives to the leadership team. The new appointments will help the agency double down on experiential planning, data-driven shopper insights, and mobile tracking and analytics that will enrich its ability to help clients reach empowered consumers in a 24-7, digitally enabled world. Additions to Arc’s executive team are: Debbie Myszynski, EVP Business Leadership & Director, Commerce Elizabeth Harris, EVP Director, Strategy Jenny Cacioppo, EVP Business Leadership Karl Wenzel, SVP Director, Operations John Lowell, EVP Chief Intelligence Officer Billie Smith, EVP Talent Management & HR Operations Anna Gomez, Chief Financial Officer The moves also represent a deeper alignment in shared capabilities with Leo Burnett. John Lowell will keep his leadership role over The Core, Leo Burnett’s new data and analytics function, while Smith and Gomez will expand their current Leo Burnett roles to encompass Arc.   „As we grow, we are continuing to increase our distribution of Arc operations around the world for the benefit of our clients. This includes the strategic expansion in North America to New York and Northwest Arkansas,” said Bob Raidt, global CEO, Arc Worldwide. „We’re also investing in expertise that will help Arc stay close to consumers in a way that’s unique to the industry.” The moves are all in service of Arc’s new „Irresistible Commerce” positioning. „Today’s shoppers are more empowered than ever. With increasing control over what, when and how they buy,” said Rawal. „To prosper, brands must continually adapt and find ways to become irresistible to consumers. That means using data to uncover meaningful value. Then delivering that value in creative and innovative ways across the total shopper experience. It should all be seamless. Which is why we’re enhancing our offering and realigning the agency to better create those connections.” „More than ever, clients are looking for help understanding consumers as the traditional shopper journey becomes increasingly personal and varied,” said Andrew Swinand, North America CEO, Leo Burnett Group. „Arc’s steps to build on experiential planning, mobile and data perfectly position the agency to deliver a competitive advantage for clients looking to navigate today’s complex, on-demand marketplace.” Arc has been a steady growth engine for Leo Burnett Group, as marketers’ demands for innovative shopper solutions — both on and off-line — have increased. Currently, Arc’s client roster includes Procter & Gamble, MillerCoors, Intel, Bridgestone, Kraft-Heinz, Alcon, Coca-Cola and Walmart. Living at the intersection of creativity and effectiveness, Arc has recently seen its accomplishments recognized at both the Effie and Reggie Awards — winning accolades for diverse work across MillerCoors, Intel, and Procter & Gamble. The agency’s nine finalists at the upcoming Pro Awards represent a significant achievement. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/arc-worldwide-strengthens-capabilities-through-leadership-and-regional-expansion-300465476.html SOURCE Arc Worldwide Related Links http://www.arcww.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsCorporate Expansion, Personnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Rocket and Missile Market Worth 70.00 Billion USD by 2022 Next PostNext BJ’s Wholesale Club Announces New Leaders to Drive Digital Innovation and Omnichannel Transformation Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
just-food home News & insights Blogs Blog: JBS names board for international spin-off - and one name stands out Dean Best | 31 January 2017 JBS, the Brazil-based meat giant, is in the process of listing of its international business and has this week named a clutch of directors that are set to sit on the spin-off's board. The company set out who would be the independent directors on the board of JBS Foods International, which is to be listed in the US. One of five independent directors will be John Boehner, the US Senator and for four years between 2011 and 2015, one of the most high-ranking politicians in the States as speaker of the House of Representatives. At present, Boehner is a strategic advisor at US-headquartered international law firm Squire Patton Boggs. He also has a directorship at US tobacco giant Reynolds American, which this month saw its board accept a US$49.4bn takeover bid from British American Tobacco. Former ConAgra Foods executive Greg Heckman, Charles Macaluso, the principal at US management consultants Dorchester Capital Advisors, Archer Daniels Midland veteran Steven Mills and Dimitri Panayotopoulos, the former vice chairman of Procter & Gamble are also set for board seats at JBS Foods International after the listing. JBS, which will retain control of the international business, expects the the IPO to be completed in the first half of this year. Brazil's JBS plans US listing for international business Tweet Sectors: Meat & poultry NEWS Cargill expands into Colombia with El Bucanero meats firm acquisition BLOG Barilla puts sustainability centre stage Barilla's 2016 results statement, published last week, makes interesting reading, not because of the Italian food group's commercial performance, but for the emphasis placed on sustainability achievem... NEWS Smithfield Foods completes acquisition of Pini meat firms in Poland BLOG UK M&A deal volumes slide in early months of 2017 Fresh data from Grant Thornton indicates the number of mergers and acquisitions in the UK food and drink sector fell to the lowest level for over two years in the first quarter of in 2017 - but the ac... NEWS JBS confirms controlling shareholder J&F to pay "leniency" deal fine over corruption scandal BLOG Food policy returns to focus in Westminster Amid the political turmoil in the UK caused by the EU Referendum, the resignation of a Prime Minister, subsequent burning debates over the Brexit “divorce” settlement and now by the surprise announcem... ANALYSIS Food policy almost invisible as UK election nears - analysis BLOG Danone closes WhiteWave, who will acquire Stonyfield? Danone completed its US$12.5bn acquisition of WhiteWave Foods this week. The move will roughly double Danone's presence in North America, where WhiteWave is a top four dairy player. ... Most Popular Insights Over-supplied US dairy must adapt - column Analysis: Stonyfield race not yet run Who will buy Danone's Stonyfield business? India's new GST tax regime comes in for criticism Focus: Food almost invisible as UK election nears News Reckitt Benckiser food sale 'targets strategics' Conagra stays mum on 'interest in Pinnacle Foods' Smucker to buy Wesson oil brand from Conagra Nestle to revamp Maggi recipes Dr Oetker acquires Mexico's Grupo Rexal Market research Fruit & Vegetable Markets in the US - Industry Market Research Report Sugar: The Fool Proof Target for Obesity or a Can of Worms? Frozen Vegetable Market in the Top 5 European Countries to 2021 - Market Size, Development, and Forecasts Global Packaged Fruit Snacks Market 2017-2021 Fruits in China Login | Join Email Address Password Forgot your password? Menu Login Join Food News & comment Comment Analysis Financials & M&A Interviews Launches & NPD Food Policy & CSR Labelling & Advertising Food safety Health & wellness Sustainability & Environment Food retailing Retail & Retailers Omnichannel Private Label & Own Brand Hot issues Columns The just-food blog Shopper trends Consuming issues What the analysts say Deal or no deal M&A Watch On the move BRICs and beyond Sustainability Watch Editor's viewpoint In the spotlight On the money Management briefings Thought Leaders Latest news Analysis Comment Interviews just-food blog Regions Europe North America Asia Australia & New Zealand Africa Emerging markets Latin America Middle East All countries Companies Nestle Danone Unilever Mondelez International PepsiCo General Mills Kellogg JBS Mars Premier Foods plc Tyson Foods Cadbury Arla Foods Campbell Soup Co. Raisio Greencore Pinnacle Foods Bakkavör Fonterra Aryzta All companies Sectors Snacks & Confectionery Bakery & Baked Goods Dairy & Dairy Foods Frozen Food & Ice Cream Free-From Meat & Poultry Infant & Baby Food Commodities & Ingredients Chilled Foods Fresh Food & Produce Canned Food Fish & Seafood Cereal Natural & Organic Food Condiments, Dressings & Sauces Dried Foods All sectors Food research Food Market Research Food Consultants About About just-food Advertise on just-food Contact just-food Join 31,000 food professionals who get just-food’s FREE newsletters Get the daily news as it happens, and our weekly best-of roundup. Daily News Alert: see example Weekly Summary: see example Food Research Updates: see example No thanks Buy food market research New food market research Food sector market research Food companies market research Food market research publishers Food industry consultants Food flavourings buyers' guide Food industry webinars News & comment by region Your account Advertise on just-food Subscribe to just-food RSS feeds Site map About just-food ©2017 All content copyright just-food.com Published by Aroq Ltd. Address & registered office: Aroq House, 17A Harris Business Park, Bromsgrove, Worcs, B60 4DJ, UK. Tel: Intl +44 (0)1527 573 600. Toll Free from US: 1-866-545-5878. Fax: +44 (0)1527 577423. Registered in England No: 4307068. Aroq publishes: just-auto.com | just-food.com | just-drinks.com | just-style.com Get full access to all content, just $1 for 30 days Expand A Message From The Editor [x] just-food gives you the widest food market coverage. But only paid just-food members have full, unlimited access to all our exclusive content - including 17 years of archives. I am so confident you will love complete access to our content that today I can offer you 30 days access for $1. It’s our best ever membership offer – just for you. Dean Best, editor of just-food Get 30 days for $1 Risk-free, money-back guarantee
