null

India World Videos Photos Cricket Movies Auto Sports Lifestyle Tech Education Business Cosmopolitan NEWS LIST INDIA WORLD PHOTOS VIDEOS CRICKET MOVIES AUTO SPORTS LIFESTYLE TECH EDUCATION BUSINESS News Inbox Top News Most Read Editor's Picks Funalytics Opinion Hot Right Now See MoreSee Less India Today NEWS TV MAGAZINE Search Jobs Mail Today US Elections Digital India Movies India World Photos videos Cricket Tech FYI Auto Lifestyle Travel Sports Politics Food Education Business Money Top news Opinion Most Read Editor's Pick Funalytics Cosmopolitan News India facbook twitter googlepluse Patanjali is a holy threat to India's FMCG giants: ValueNotes Patanjali's success at becoming the third largest seller of FMCG products is seen as a major threat for the thriving FMCG giants in the country. Virendrasingh Ghunawat  | Posted by Bijin Jose  Follow @vsghunawat   Virendrasingh.G@aajtak.com Mumbai, September 9, 2016 | UPDATED 17:12 IST A +A - Baba Ramdev (right) with one of the Patanjali products. (Photo: PTI) Highlights 1 Baba Ramdev's Patanjali becomes the third largest FMCG seller. 2 Patanjali's revenue has crossed Rs 5,000 crores in 2016. 3 Analysts suggest that strong referral of Patanjali helped in sales. Few days back, Baba Ramdev's Patanjali Ayurved made headlines by becoming the third largest seller of FMCG products at the shelves of Kishore Biyani-led Future Retail. The number one is still Hindustan Unilever Ltd (HUL) followed by P&G, whereas, Patanjali was followed by rivals like GCPL, Dabur, Emami and few others. Seldom does a new company become the focal point of discussion at strategy meetings of FMCG giants. A company can take up to several decades to establish itself in the FMCG sector. Yet, Patanjali Ayurved, set up merely a decade ago, is challenging multinational companies such as Nestle, P&G and Unilever. Endorsed by Baba Ramdev - a man dressed in saffron robes and armed with the skills of a yoga master - the company is forcing these multinationals to rethink their business models and marketing strategies. REVENUE CROSSES RS 5,000 CRORES Over the last few years, Patanjali Ayurved has emerged out of nowhere to become one of India's leading FMCG brands. News reports suggest that according to revenues in Financial Year 2016 Patanjali has crossed Rs 5,000 crores. Currently, the company is present in all kinds of product segments, from food to personal care to home care to hygiene. Also read: Power Yogi: How Baba Ramdev became India's swadeshi FMCG baron In Indian FMCG sector, never has any emerging FMCG player attacked simultaneously across so many products. Little wonder that all the FMCG companies are worried, and analysts are buzzing around trying to figure out what's happening. After all, Indian consumer stocks enjoy rich valuations and there is a lot at stake. The question on everybody's mind is - "Is it sustainable?". Also read: MP govt allots 40 acre land at Rs 10 cr to Patanjali Ayurved Though definitive answers to these questions will require substantial research, ValueNotes conducted a limited dipstick study of Patanjali consumers to see if any quick insights were forthcoming. ValueNotes specialises in the management of competitive and market intelligence, information and research. ValueNotes' strengths lies in its industry expertise, proven methodology for research and anlaysis, and a team of experienced researchers. CONSUMER ANALYSIS According to ValueNotes, the intention was to get a sense of what customers (of Patanjali) think about their products, and why they like (or buy them). Some of the products categories studied in this report included personal care(toothpaste, hair care, soap), home care (detergents, floor cleaners), food products (biscuits, honey)and ayurveda products (healthcare). The results, presented in a report by ValueNotes - titled Patanjali is here to stay! - has given some very interesting and surprising inputs. As per the research : 46 per cent of the respondents began using Patanjali products after recommendations from friends or relatives. The early adopters were mostly aged between 45 and 75, and their recommendations carry weight with the younger generation. The brand is strongly associated with health - high quality herbal and natural products. The firm's toothpaste brand had the highest consumption with 80 per cent of the respondents being satisfied with the product (47 per cent of them were very satisfied). In just about a decade, Patanjali has emerged as one of the top FMCG players in the country - seriously challenging the likes of Unilever, Colgate, P&G, Dabur and Godrej in several categories. In doing so, the company has created its own rules and re-written others - especially around branding and distribution - both fundamental to success in consumer products. ValueNotes' inputs on Patanjali in nutshell To start with Baba Ramdev built a huge fan following around the themes of yoga, health and "swadeshi". These ardent supporters were the early adopters of medicinal and FMCG products, and allowed Patanjali to experiment with a wide range of products. These devotees became unpaid marketers, driven by an almost evangelical faith in the Baba, and his mission towards healthy living. They propagate the brand because they believe in it. Way better than paid employees could ever do! These initial referrals helped spread the word to family, friends, neighbours and especially the younger generation. Distribution (especially in India) is critical. Getting shelf space is tough, and incumbent FMCG companies have substantial bargaining power. What did Patanjali do? They "empowered" a significant number (~10,000) of their fans to become dealers/franchisees. This helped Patanjali reach customers across India, bypassing traditional distribution channels, and enabling cheaper prices. Better still, the shopkeepers truly believe in the values of Baba Ramdev and Patanjali. This captive dealer network has also allowed Patanjali to test reaction to new products. Traditional FMCG companies are cautious, launching and building new product categories in a slow, focused manner - taking time to understand and master new markets. However, Patanjali has defied conventional wisdom, and unleashed a veritable shower of products - literally hundreds, across almost every conceivable FMCG category. More are in the pipeline! Even small shares in so many markets leads to big bucks. All product sell under a single brand, so more buck for brand-building expenses. So, today, the brand is so huge that mainstream retailers want to get onto the Patanjali bandwagon. Some are even ready to have separate sections dedicated to Patanjali! Not even Hindustan Unilever has that kind of pull. Reports suggest that Patanjali's revenues crossed Rs 50 billion last year, making them amongst the top 10 FMCG players in India - already! In a business where brand and distribution take decades to build in a large, diverse market like India - Patanjali's growth resembles that of an e-commerce company.   For more news from India Today, follow us on Twitter @indiatoday and on Facebook at facebook.com/IndiaToday For news and videos in Hindi, go to AajTak.in. ताज़ातरीन ख़बरों और वीडियो के लिए आजतक.इन पर आएं.     # Patanjali# Baba Ramdev   Recommended Watch Right Now Top Takes NEWS INDIA WORLD PHOTOS CRICKET MOVIES AUTO SPORTS LIFESTYLE TECH EDUCATION BUSINESS SITEMAP Copyright © 2016 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today.       

Toggle navigation Entertainment All Entertainment TV Movies Covers Music Sports Cars Culture All Culture Fashion Beauty Travel Food Education Black Hair Cocktail & Beer News All News Business Politics Health Real Estate Criminal Behavior Obituaries Publisher's Blog Promotions Videos Videos Photos Rollingout × Search Sports Simone Biles’ mother, Nellie, gives us inside scoop on Olympian’s next move By Lauren Martinez  |  September 12, 2016 1:21 PM EST Photo courtesy of P&G To the world, Nellie Biles is simply a mother, but to Simone Biles, she is “Wonder Woman” and unquestionably her biggest cheerleader. Nellie Biles formally adopted Simone along with her younger sister, Adria, to give the girls a better life after they didn’t receive proper care from their biological mother, who was a struggling drug addict. The year Simone was adopted at 6 was also significant because she was introduced to gymnastics the same year. Nellie knew the sport would turn into something huge for Simone and it did — leading her all the way to the 2016 summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro. Simone is currently one of the most famous athletes in the world but to Nellie, she is still just her baby girl. As a mother, she is beyond proud of her daughter’s accomplishments and knows the best is yet to come. Nellie spoke with rolling out recently to fill us in on what’s been happening in their world since Simone’s domination in Rio. Check out what she had to say below. How has your experience been transitioning into motherhood after adopting both Simone and her younger sister without having any personal connection to them? We first received Simone and her sister Adria in 2003. The first time Simone came to us she was about 3-years-old and  her sister was 13 months. That’s when we first had them in our home. It was a temporary period until her mother received the help that she needed. Long story short, after sending Simone and her siblings back they came back to us for the second time around and it was for an adoption. It was going to be permanent at that time so the decision was to have both of them because they could spend time with each other and I wouldn’t have to be the one that’s entertaining either Simone or Adria. I wanted to pay attention to the both of them. That period was not easy. These were not babies. These were kids that pretty much had their minds set and knew what they wanted. I was the one who decided that we needed to go to counseling. I needed counseling and I figured if I did, then they probably did, too. So, guess what? We all went to counseling and during this period it pretty much took down the barriers and we started becoming a family. That was the best decision ever. Becoming an adoptive mom is full of ups and downs, what have you learned about yourself? What I have learned about myself is that I am more patient than I give myself credit for. You have to have patience and you have to be able to listen. I am a better listener throughout this process and it’s not easy to listen. It’s easy to jump to conclusions when a child starts speaking. I always want to be a part of my children’s life whether we’re acting goofy, crazy, or whether we’re going on vacation. It’s all a process that I want to enjoy. I think it’s important to do things as a family. You mentioned in the “Thank you mom: Raising an Olympian” commercial “The key thing is to not negate this dream that she has …” What advice would you give to parents who are struggling to support their kid’s ambitions? I believe that as a parent you need to listen to the child. I think as a parent whatever their dream is you need to understand and, again, if it’s a situation where there is some financial difficulty, I am sure there are some ways of investigating and seeing what support is out there. I know for example, and I’m just going back to gymnastics which is a very expensive sport, however, there are different grants out there that can assist a child with that sport. I have parents that have put in some hours. Again, working with a gym owner you could get that end result. It’s not impossible. I don’t think anything is impossible. I think finding how you could get that end result is something as a parent you should try and do. I’m not saying that it’s easy but there is a way and a means of getting to an end. I encourage any parent to investigate and see what’s out there that could help you with your child to achieve that dream. Your support for both Simone and her younger sister’s dreams extends far beyond the cheering for them on the sidelines. What led you to solely dedicate your time to helping them excel in gymnastics? I believe that where her career was taking her I knew that Simone’s life and our life was going to be public at some time. I thought that it was important that we share our story instead of someone investigating and coming up with some conclusion not to say that people have not done that, however, I think it’s important that we as a family talk about it. We feel comfortable with our journey. I am most comfortable with the fact that I have two children that are adopted and that I parented these two children and that I nurtured these two children. I helped them achieve their dreams. It’s no different from my two biological children and to say that I parented four children, I am really proud. Because of the way we discuss things openly in our house none of my children have any barriers or feel any different because of what I’ve done for Simone or what I’ve done for Adam and Ron. Those are my two older children and they are also achieving their dreams that they have set for themselves. I don’t think anyone is short-changed at this point, but that is my opinion. Simone is now considered to be the most famous athlete in the world and at her age, that is an outstanding accomplishment. How do you teach her to stay humble? Simone is still very young. She is only 19. She still has a life after gymnastics, so I am hoping that after [gymnastics] it will continue. There are going to be changes around our lives because it’s happening and that’s the reality of what happened around her winning the Olympics, however, even though things are changing I’m hoping that her morals and her values will not change as a person. I know things will change around her but I’m hoping she will not change. In addition to your endless support, you have also received a ton outreach from your local community. How has that positively impacted your family? I think that outreach from the community is something that we can embrace. One of the partnerships that Simone and I participate in is the “My Black Is Beautiful” campaign. We understand the message from this. This is a campaign that empowers Black women. It makes them feel good about themselves. The message that they’re giving helps me to understand the community outreach that we can embrace and I could also deliver my message and in turn, could accept the help from the community. They’re all a part of my village and that is one of the things that “My Black Is Beautiful” campaign helps us with in terms of making sure that the message that I give for others to receive is the right one. Simone was also fortunate to garner support from major sponsors like Tide PODS and P&G’s My Black Is Beautiful campaign. Black women have always been faced with harsh criticisms for their images. How does it make you feel when you see criticism on social media pertaining to Simone’s teammate, Gabby Douglas, and her appearance? Opinions from the public can be brutal and it’s how you interpret those opinions. You could interpret the opinions as what type message what type of message are these people trying to give me? Is it perhaps something that I need to change? Is there something that they are misinterpreting or is it their perception of what I’m saying or doing? If I am getting that type of message or Simone is getting that type of message, then we will discuss it and try to see what we could do to change that message. Messaging can also be malicious. If it’s a message that’s being sent from the public that’s malicious, then as a parent I need to discuss that with Simone. Take it for what it is and not give credit to that message. At the same time, you should feel good about yourself because I believe that Black women should always look at themselves whether it’s inward or outward and feel comfortable with themselves. There is beauty from within and also exterior. That’s something I think Black women should always talk and instill within their children. It doesn’t matter what shade your skin is, you’re still a good person. You should have pride and you should have ownership of yourself. Simone has been working rigorously for the last four years to achieve the success in Rio, do you two have any fun plans for a vacation before summer wraps up? Simone is doing a lot because she starts her Kellogg’s tour next week. That is going to be for 2 1/2 months on tour. That is going to be [grueling] but I’m sure she is going to be able to handle it. At the end of the year — sometime in December — I am planning some downtime and some vacation for the family but it’s a surprise, so I can’t tell you.         Share this: Tweet More Email Print More on rollingout.com Simone Biles recalls painful moment a coach called her ‘fat’ Athletes accused of using banned substances The greatest of all time: Simone Biles channels Muhammad Ali and owns Rio 2016 Simone Biles reveals whether she’s doing reality TV Lauren Martinez I'm a forward thinking millennial with a passion for writing and reporting all things entertainment. Follow @_lalarenee Most Talked About Racist West Virginia official put on leave for calling Michelle Obama ‘ape in heels’ 73 Teacher threatens Black students, says Trump will send them back to Africa 12 Featured Video Black supporter of Donald Trump shares her political views 17 hours ago Featured Photos Chrissy Teigen teams up with Stella Artois’ King’s Feast 2 hours ago   Simone Biles recalls painful moment a coach called her ‘fat’ 2 Denver Broncos star Von Miller being blackmailed over sex tape 3 Champions In Life workshop helps when the ball stops ESPN’s Sage Steele called ‘coon’ for blasting Mike Evans on his Trump protest 4 Former NBA star Kenny Anderson opens up in ‘Mr. Chibbs’ documentary Driver Salvatore Iovino hopes to be the future of NASCAR 1 Likely NFL Draft pick Jonnu Smith’s career may end after attack by girlfriend 7 Why the activism of Colin Kaepernick can be questioned over his refusal to vote 10 Nightclub waitress claims Reggie Bush fathered her baby 2 Chicago Cubs end 108-year curse, win 2016 World Series Black Cubs fans on loyalty, patience and the World Series Dwyane Wade wishes Gabrielle Union a happy birthday 4 © Rolling Out. Contact Us Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. marketing automation
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     Baby Laundry Detergent Market Grow at 4.47% CAGR to 2020   View as PDF  Print View    RnRMarketResearch.com adds Global Baby Laundry Detergent Market 2016-2020 latest research report, the analysts forecast global baby laundry detergent market to grow at a CAGR of 4.47% during the period 2016-2020. September 12, 2016 /MarketersMedia/ -- The global baby laundry detergent market analyst says introduction of laundry pods will be a key trend for market growth. Laundry pods are superior to liquid or powder detergents in that they are convenient to use and are compatible with most kinds of washing machines. Though there have been some concerns regarding the unsafe nature of pods for children, because of the attractive packaging of these products, the demand for these is not likely to decline in the near future. Manufacturers have already taken protective measures such as changing the product packaging to protect children. Brands such as Tide (P&G), Arm & Hammer (Church & Dwight), and Purex (Henkel) offer these products. Complete report on baby laundry detergent market spread across 56 pages, analyzing 5 major companies and providing 38 data exhibits are now available at http://www.rnrmarketresearch.com/global-baby-laundry-detergent-market-2016-2020-market-report.html According to the 2016 baby laundry detergent market report, baby laundry detergent liquids accounted for the largest share of the market in 2015 and will continue to maintain their position during the forecast period. The rising penetration of washing machines in developing countries is one of the major drivers of the surge in demand for baby laundry detergent liquids. In terms of the sales of washing machines, the primary markets worldwide are China, India, the US, Brazil, and Indonesia. In 2014, nearly 78% of Chinese consumers had access to washing machines. The growth of baby laundry detergent market is fueled by the growing demand for eco-friendly baby laundry detergents. The high demand for eco-friendly laundry care products has had a significant impact on market revenue over the last five years and will continue to do so over the forecast period. Manufacturers are launching green laundry products that have biodegradable components such as natural washing soda, coconut oil and mineral-based surfactants, and plant-based enzymes. During 2015, the global market was dominated by EMEA with a market share of more than 35%. A decreasing infant mortality rate in the UK, France, and Ireland is likely to propel growth of the baby laundry detergent market in EMEA during the forecast period. Order a copy of Global Baby Laundry Detergent Market 2016-2020 report @ http://www.rnrmarketresearch.com/contacts/purchase?rname=688853 The following companies are the key players in the global baby laundry detergent market: Chicco, Church & Dwight, Henkel, Pigeon, and P&G. Other prominent vendors in the market are: Babyganics, Biokleen, Dapple, Earth's Best, Eco Sprout, Eco-Me, Grab Green, GreenShield Organic, Seventh Generation, Sonett, Tandi's Naturals, The Honest Company, Dropps, and Earth Friendly Products. By 2020, the baby laundry detergent liquid segment will account for more than 72% of the overall market revenue to retain its position as the key revenue generating vertical of the global baby laundry detergent market. Increasing awareness about the availability of baby laundry detergent liquids and rising disposable incomes have led to a high penetration of liquid detergents in households globally. Global Baby Laundry Detergent Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sales of liquid detergents, powder detergents, and tablet detergents. About Us: RnRMarketResearch.com is your single source for all market research needs. Our database includes 500,000+ market research reports from over 100+ leading global publishers & in-depth market research studies of over 5000 micro markets. With comprehensive information about the publishers and the industries for which they publish market research reports, we help you in your purchase decision by mapping your information needs with our huge collection of reports. For more information, please visit http://www.rnrmarketresearch.com/global-baby-laundry-detergent-market-2016-2020-market-report.html Contact Info: Name: Ritesh Tiwari Email: sales@rnrmarketresearch.com Organization: RnRMarketResearch Phone: + 1 888 391 5441 Source: http://marketersmedia.com/baby-laundry-detergent-market-grow-at-4-47-cagr-to-2020/132172 Release ID: 132172 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Denver laser hair removal clinic announces hairiest chest in Denver contest (Fri 18th Nov 16) Trendy Wildlife T-shirts Hoodies Endangered Tigers Big Cat Online Store Launched (Fri 18th Nov 16) Dmitry Druzhinsky - On Expanding Recreational Infrastructure of Brooklyn (Fri 18th Nov 16) New Garden Sculpture for Sculpture Lovers And Designers from Adam Christopher (Fri 18th Nov 16) Wireless Power Receiver Market Global Key Vendors, Manufacturers, Suppliers and Analysis Market Report 2022 (Fri 18th Nov 16) New Media Crisis Training Course Launched 17 November 2016 (Fri 18th Nov 16) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
Case Studies Case Finder Pinpoint the case evidence you need – search by industry, objective, media and more. Campaign Videos Creative TV and video executions from the most innovative and market-leading brands. Latest Awards Browse campaigns from the world's leading advertising and marketing effectiveness awards. Warc Prizes The latest from our annual case study competitions. Warc 100 Our ranking of the world's best marketing campaigns and companies. Topics Warc Index Browse Warc by subject. Brands & branding Campaign development Campaign measurement Consumer research & insight Geographies Industry sectors Marketing management Marketing strategy Media channels & touchpoints Media strategy Target audiences Best Practice Key Warc papers on marketing best practice. Company Profiles In-depth analysis of 200 global brand owners. Strategy Toolkit Develop your skills as a marketing strategist. ROI Benchmarker Compare your ROI with the Warc database. Pitch Support Get the edge you need in new business. Trends Latest Trends Latest reports from Warc and trusted partners offering unique insights into current trends. Consumers The driving forces behind consumer behaviour. Industries New developments for industries and sectors. Marketing Strategic insight for the marketing of brands. Media & Tech Latest innovations in media and technology. Geographies Insight and intelligence for countries and regions. News News Daily coverage of key developments for marketers worldwide. The Warc Blog Insights, opinions and fresh new thinking from our team of bloggers around the world. Data Data homepage Overview of databases, forecasts and reports. Adspend Database Annual ad expenditure data for 96 markets. Media Costs Database Compare costs by media and target audience. Adspend Forecasts International and Consensus ad forecasts. Media Consumption Trends by primary media and second screen. Global Marketing Index A monthly indicator of the state of the industry. Events Event Reports Key briefings from major conferences and events in the US, Europe and Asia Pacific. Event Listings Plan your schedule of must-attend events with our global calendar of conferences. Warc Webinars Learn how to tackle key marketing challenges from leading experts in our series of in-depth webinars. About About Warc Content & Partners What Our Clients Say Copyright Policy Help Client Services Request a Trial Contacts Warc Store For our market-leading publications and events Log In Advanced Search Contact us on +1 202 778 0680 Do I Subscribe? Toggle navigation Case Finder Index Trends Warc 100 ROI Benchmarker Event reports Webinars Data Warc Prizes News Warc Plus Email updates Help Contacts About Log In Home > News Other Top Stories How should marketers define creativity? ABC is top à la carte TV channel Facebook faces new heat on metrics Children's internet use at record high Asia takes cross-border shopping lead UK retail sales growth hits 14-year high Korea tops viewable completion rates Indians downplay cybersecurity risk View more news Brand activism powers P&G 12 September 2016 NEW YORK: Procter & Gamble brands, such as Always, SK-II and Ariel have all successfully demonstrated the power of marketing to help drive social change in widely differing contexts. Marc Pritchard, Chief Brand Officer at P&G, reported that the firm's marketers are charged with developing a "creative canvas", premised on "an authentic brand idea which uniquely defines the essence and the performance of the brand". Alongside informing strategy-making, he continued, "the other thing about the creative canvas is that it offers freedom to explore a wider territory, but where the brand still matters." (For more, including further details of this approach, read Warc's exclusive report: Procter & Gamble embraces brand activism.) More specifically, it enables the company's brands to assist in addressing issues – both large and small – which are of importance to its target consumers. Always, the feminine-care line, for instance, campaigned for the introduction of a more rich and diverse range of emojis depicting girls and women, as part of its ongoing campaign to build self-confidence among this audience. "A lot of people told us what kinds of emojis they wanted; we had thousands and thousands of suggestions," Pritchard suggested. Elsewhere, skinecare line SK-II tackled the stigma often facing women in China who are unmarried by their mid-to-late twenties, using online video to show them as empowered, successful and capable of making their own choices. "SK-II's creative canvas is centred on the idea that women can change destiny of their skin and of their lives," Pritchard said. "But, since most women aren't really thinking about spending hundreds of dollars on skincare every day, one of the things SKII does is invite women into the brand using beautifully crafted human stories that attract women to its promise. Then they search, and eventually end up at the counter." Similarly, Ariel, the laundry detergent, ran a campaign in India actively seeking to challenge perceptions that washing clothes is "women's work", yielding powerful sales results while kick-starting a national dialogue. "It's accelerating the brand's growth; it ignited brand growth in India. It's now our fastest-growing brand in India, and it's changing the conversation about the role of women in society," Pritchard said. Data sourced from Warc Read more from Warc: How Procter & Gamble escaped the "crap trap" Procter & Gamble research validates emotional marketing Unilever's formula for avoiding advertising stereotypes At Unilever, a mandate for change...Now! Unilever's new marketing formula: Iˆn Register for a trial Sign up for news A daily bulletin for marketers Related News P&G taps the skills of veterans Ariel wins Warc Prize for Asian Strategy Brand turnaround fuels UFC's growth Other top stories How should marketers define creativity? ABC is top à la carte TV channel Facebook faces new heat on metrics Children's internet use at record high Asia takes cross-border shopping lead UK retail sales growth hits 14-year high Korea tops viewable completion rates Indians downplay cybersecurity risk View more news × Unable to share news. Please ensure that the email addresses you have entered are valid. Back × Share with a colleague Your email address Your colleague’s email address Comment (max 150 characters) 
 Send Get daily news Do I subscribe? Request a trial Saved Items Sitemap Store About Help Contacts Partners Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions © 2016 Copyright and Database Rights owned by Warc
Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media Search Search Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2016 Adweek All Rights Reserved POSSIBLE Promotes 4 to Creative Director Roles Advertisement NEXT:Anomaly Invests In Some (Legal) Marijuana via Startup hmbldt PREVIOUS:Strongbow Cider Names 360i As Its Digital Agency of Record Revolving Door POSSIBLE Promotes 4 to Creative Director Roles By Erik Oster on Sep. 13, 2016 - 2:37 PMComment WPP global digital agency POSSIBLE promoted four associate creative directors to creative director roles. Amy Vaughan, Margaret Russo, Sarah Knott and Ray Elfers will all now serve as creative directors in the agency’s Cincinnati office. Vaughan currently serves as creative lead on POSSIBLE’s Folgers, Café Bustelo, Pilon, and Medaglia d’oro accounts. Prior to the promotion, she was an ACD at POSSIBLE for three years, previously leading the agency’s Gillette and Oral-B accounts and also working with Pantene, Olay and P&G Corporate. Before joining POSSIBLE she spent nearly two years as associate creative director with Enlighten in Ann Arbor, leading the agency’s John Frieda Hair Care, Biore, Jergens, Curel, and Ban accounts. Russo joined POSSIBLE in November of 2007, working her way up from associate copywriter to her current role and serving as co-creative lead on the agency’s P&G business as an ACD. Knott has spent the past two years as an associate creative director at POSSIBLE following a copy director position with LEAP Digital in Cincinnati and an earlier stint in the same role at POSSIBLE. Elfers joined POSSIBLE as an art director, interaction design in July of 2010 and received a promotion to associate creative director in February of 2012. Prior to joining POSSIBLE he spent eight years as a creative director with Systems Insight in Cincinnati. “At POSSIBLE we are committed to growing our people and our diverse talent. This team represents the pinnacle of creative talent,” said Cincinnati executive creative director Adam Kahn. “With these new appointments we will continue to provide our clients with world class work.” The appointments follow Newell Brands selecting the agency to lead its web strategy last week, as well as the appointment of Pablo Marques as executive creative director of its London office back in January. < Previous Article Next Article > Advertisement Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Advertisement Get AgencySpy delivered straight to your inbox Receive the Morning Media Newsfeed Receive news and offers from our friends and sponsors Thank you for subscribing. Please check your email to confirm An error has occurred, please try again later Please enter a valid email address Please confirm with the Recaptcha Recaptcha response was incorrect This email address is already subscribed to the selected list(s). You have been opted out of all Adweek Blog Network Newsletters. Send an anonymous tip Advertisement Featured Jobs Senior Director, Digital Strategy & Social Media National Urban League New York City, New York (US) Media Planner/Buyer JAY Advertising Rochester, NY in western NYS - on the shores of Lake Ontario and near the Finger Lakes region. Media Sales Executive Progressive Business Media East Coast Advertising Sales & Sponsorship Professional IFP Brooklyn, New York FT Programmatic Ad Operations Director - Downtown Creative Circle Chicago, Illinois See more Jobs » Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Featured Courses Search Marketing Optimize your website through SEO, social media, and digital outreach Learn more >   Facebook Marketing Get smart about how to use Facebook for business Learn more >   Copywriting for Social Media Maximize your clicks, shares, retweets, and pin Learn more >   Skills in 60: How to Name Your Brand or Product Develop a unique name for any brand, product, or business Learn more >   See more Courses > Advertisement Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Advertisement Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2016 Adweek All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com
Open search form Log In / Create an Account Toggle navigation linkedin facebook twitter rss X/SPECS SPECS Show Chain Store Age ﻿ Retail News opener Finance C-Suite Omnichannel opener Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations opener Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments opener Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate opener Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights opener Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Featured Partners Magazine Archive ﻿ Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers ﻿ Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Tiffany names former railway exec as new finance head Tiffany & Co. has hired Mark Erceg to become its next executive VP and CFO, effective Oct. 18, 206.   Want to Read More? This content is available only to registered users. Log in to read the rest of this article or create a free account. Log In Or, Create an Account >> Login or Register to post a comment. ﻿ Newsletter Sign Up Get the latest news sent to your inbox   Popular Most Commented Online fashion retailer files Chapter 11 First Look: Nike SoHo is something to see — and experience Safeway to acquire 87-year-old specialty grocery New York & Co. names Sears, Ann Taylor vet to head up marketing and online Ballard Designs expanding with new store prototype Rebecca Minkoff puts virtual mirror into shoppers hands Target axes kids’ shopping carts Unusual deal gives Aeropostale new lease on life — and it just got better Flip-Flop Shops on the move Target first out of the gate with holiday hiring plans Solutions Spotlight Holiday Uptime: Preparing Your Network for the Holiday Rush Your network connection is more than just a means of connecting your point-of-sale system – it’s a driving force of your online and in-store experiences. And when it’s not working, your revenues, customers and even your brand reputation suffer. This webinar explores the ways you can prepare your network for the holiday rush. Click here to view the webinar. Poll Poll Do you think holiday 2016 sales will be: Better than last year About the same as last year Worse than last year Hot Concepts Furniture retailer to open chain of boutique hotels West Elm is expanding into the hotel business. And most everything in the... The North Face premiers new concept pop-up The North Face is trying on a new store format.   The retailer has... Google setting up shop in New York City In what could be a prelude to a retail strategy, Google is doing up a pop-up... More Hot Concepts Surveys/Studies Retail Next: The biggest, busiest shopping days of the year will be… Move over Black Friday.   The biggest shopping day in terms of... Forecast calls for early holiday blitz in stores Nearly half of holiday shoppers will hit the stores before Nov. 1 — and... Report: Brands aren’t prepared to excel at e-commerce With an eye on merging the physical and virtual shopping experience, too many... Trending Stores The Clinic, Denver Business is booming in the fast-growing business of medical and recreational cannabis. And the shops that specialize in the trade are taking their game up more than a few notches. More...   More Multimedia Retail News Finance C-Suite Omnichannel Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Featured Partners Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Privacy Policy Footer Content LEBHAR FRIEDMAN Lebhar-Friedman websites Retail Group Chain Store Age Drug Store News Drug Store News CE HBS Dealer Events - Retail ProDealer Industry Summit SPECS Executive SPECS Golden Hammer Awards   International IP Mark Restauracion News D/A Retail Consumer Media HellaWella Health Events Live   © 2016 Chain Store Age. All Rights Reserved.
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Rate Worries Could Snuff Out Rebound Rally 9/13/2016 9:07 AM ET The major U.S. index futures are pointing to a lower opening on Tuesday, with sentiment markedly downbeat amid lingering concerns about a potential Fed rare hike before the end of the year. The various Fed speeches delivered in the near term were biased towards an early tightening before things get out of hand. Although there are no major economic data that have a bearing on monetary policy, yesterday's rebound could put traders on the defensive. Commodities, with the exception of oil, are higher. Oil is down over $1-a-barrel after the API inventory data. The dollar is holding higher. European stocks are seeing nervousness amid a soft German economic sentiment reading.   U.S. stocks bounced back on Monday, recouping part of the previous session's losses, as a relatively dovish message relayed by some Fed speeches and oil's gain supported the markets.    The major averages began on a tentative note but advanced steadily throughout the remainder of the session. The Dow Industrials ended up 239.62 points or 1.32 percent at 18,325, the S&P 500 Index closed 31.23 points or 1.47 percent higher at 2,159 and the Nasdaq Composite closed at 5,212, up 85.98 points or 1.68 percent.    Twenty-nine of the thirty Dow components closed higher for the session but 1 stock retreated. Apple (AAPL), Wal-Mart (WMT), Procter & Gamble (PG), Coca-Cola (KO) and Verizon (VZ) were among the biggest gainers of the session.     Although the buying was broad based, semiconductor, gold and biotechnology stocks were standout performers.    Currency, Commodity Markets   Crude oil futures for October delivery are slipping $1.12 to $45.17 a barrel after ending Monday's session up $0.41 at $46.29 a barrel. Meanwhile, an ounce of gold is currently trading at $1,327.90, up $2.30 from the previous session's close of $1,325.60. On Monday, gold fell $8.90.    On the currency front, the U.S. dollar is trading at 102.25 yen compared to the 101.85 yen it fetched at the close of New York trading on Monday. Against the euro, the dollar is valued at $1.1239 compared to yesterday's $1.1235. Asia   The Asian markets ended mixed amid a slight pullback by the yen, which propped up the Japanese market. The Chinese and South Korean markets also recorded gains. However, some of the markets, that were closed on Monday played catch up to the steep losses in the region yesterday. The Hong Kong, Australian and New Zealand markets rose modestly. The Indian market was closed for a public holiday.     The mixed sentiment came despite the release of promising economic data out of China.     The Nikkei 225 Index opened higher but gave back most of its gains by early afternoon trading. After showing volatility till late afternoon trading, the index rose steadily and consolidated its gains going into the close. The index was up 56.12 points or 0.34 percent at 16,729.    Food, textile, chemical, pharma and most export stocks gained ground, while some housing, retail, real estate, utility and financial stocks came under selling pressure.    Australia's All Ordinaries Index opened higher and rose sharply in early trading but gradually gave back all its gains, dropping below the unchanged line in late trading. The index closed down 9.10 points or 0.17 percent at 5,310.    Energy, financial, telecom and utility stocks were among the worst performers of the session, while material, IT, industrial, healthcare and consumer discretionary stocks moved to the downside.    Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index ended at 23,216, down 74.84 points or 0.32 percent, while China's Shanghai Composite Index ended up 1.53 points or 0.05 percent at 3,024.    On the economic front, a trio of economic reports released by the Chinese National Bureau of Statistics showed that the Chinese economy is up and running. The year-over-year industrial production growth of 6.3 percent for August beat estimates of 6.2 percent and July's rate of 6 percent.    Separate reports also showed Chinese retail sales rose 10.6 percent, ahead of the 10.2 percent increase in July and the consensus estimate of 10.2 percent. Fixed asset investment growth for the January to August period held steady at 8.1 percent, belying expectations for a slowdown to 7.9 percent.    The results of a survey by the National Australia Bank showed that confidence among businesses in Australia improved in August. The corresponding indicators index rose 2 points to 6 in August, while the business conditions index fell 2 points to 7.    Europe   European stocks are higher, although amid some volatility early in the session after a 3-day retreat.     On the economic front, German economic sentiment held unchanged near a four-year low in September compared to expectations for a modest improvement. The ZEW Indicator of economic sentiment came in at 0.5 points in September, unchanged from August. The score was forecast to rise to 2.5 points.   The U.K. Office of National Statistics reported that annual inflation in the U.K. remained stable at 0.6 percent in August, belying expectations for a pick up to 0.7 percent. However, a separate report showed that factory gate prices rose notably. A third report released by the agency showed that house price inflation in the U.K. slowed in July.    Final estimates released by the German Federal Statistical Office showed that German consumer price inflation remained steady at 0.4 percent in August, as initially estimated. The HICP inflation was at 0.3 percent.    U.S. Economic Reports   The Treasury is set to release the results of its auction of 30-year bonds at 1 pm ET.    The Treasury will also release its monthly budgetary statement for August at 2 pm ET. Economists expect the budget deficit to narrow to $105 billion from $112.8 billion in July.   Stocks in Focus   United Natural Foods (UNFI) reported better than expected fourth quarter earnings per share, while its revenues were shy of estimates. The company's full year revenue guidance was positive.  Renesas Electronics said that it agreed to acquire Intersil Corp. (ISIL) for $22.50 per share in cash, representing an aggregate equity value of about US$3.2 billion or about 321.9 billion yen at an exchange rate of 100 yen to the dollar. Apple (AAPL) is getting a lift after T-Mobile (TMUS) said it has received record pre-orders for iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus after it was unveiled last Friday.   Sanmina (SANM) announced that its board has authorized the buyback of up to $150 million worth of its shares.    Actions Semiconductor (ACTS) announced a definitive merger agreement to be acquired by a consortium of buyers for $2.20 per ADS, each representing 6 underlying shares.    Weight Watchers (WTW) announced that it is commencing a search for a new CEO, as the incumbent James Chambers has announced his intention to resign, effective September 30th, 2016. Until a new CEO is found, the CEO responsibilities will be handled by an office of CEO consisting of two of its directors and the CFO. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Top Ten Corporate Comeback Stories The Most Influential Books In Business Fed Chatterbox: Economic Preview Week of November 14 Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Volkswagen To Cut 23,000 Jobs In Germany Cyber Monday Sales Seen Soaring LinkedIn Is Now Blocked In Russia Facebook Stops WhatsApp Data Sharing Across Europe Over EU Criticism Wal-Mart Q3 Profit Declines, But Lifts FY17 Profit View; Stock Down JPMorgan Nears Over $250 Mln Settlement Over China Hiring Probe: Reports Comeback Kid: Donald Trump Hugely Resilient In Business, Too Target Lifts Q4, FY16 Forecast As Q3 Results Top Estimates Snapchat Parent Confidentially Initiates IPO Process Amazon Switching From Wrapping Paper To Reusable Bags Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances Home Depot Lifts FY EPS View In Line With Market As Q3 Results Top Estimates United Airlines Announces Plans For Long-term Earnings Growth FDA Snubs DVAX, Keep An Eye On OCUL, It's All Green For BLUE Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Crew Members Hurt As Canadian Plane Swerves To Avoid Possible Drone LinkedIn Is Now Blocked In Russia AAA: Low Gas Prices Drive Spike In Thanksgiving Travel Upgrade: Steel Stocks In For Trump Renaissance All Is Well With ACRS, First Avastin Biosimilar In The Works, CLRB Abuzz Nokia Sets Financial & Strategic Targets; Remains Focused On Cost Saving Program Vonovia Offers 0.496645 Shares/conwert Shr Or Alternative Cash Of EUR 16.16/shr United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Novartis Reportedly Considering Sale Of Alcon Eye Care Division Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars United Airlines Announces Plans For Long-term Earnings Growth Target Lifts Q4, FY16 Forecast As Q3 Results Top Estimates AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet AT&T Stream Saver To Limit Video Quality To 480p Genentech: Actemra Meets Endpoints In Phase III GiACTA Study Digi Rejects $13.82/shr Proposal From Belden - Quick Facts Schnuck Markets Recalls Ready-to-eat Grilled Chicken Products Kidde Recalls 3.6 Mln Combination Smoke And Carbon Monoxide Detectors Copyright © 2016 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Friday November 18 2016 6:55 am     Home   Local News   State / National / World   Sports   Opinion / Letters   Business   Arts / Entertainment   Lifestyle   Obituaries   Calendar   Submit Event   Comics / Games   Classifieds   DJ Designers   Archives   Advertise With Us   About Us   GET THE DAY'S TOP HEADLINES DELIVERED DAILY TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Sign up here     Read Archive PDFs: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000     Stocks leap as investors hope for steady interest rate September 13, 2016, 05:00 AM By Marley Jay The Associated NEW YORK — U.S. stocks surged Monday after a Federal Reserve official said the central bank shouldn’t raise interest rates too soon, which came as a big relief to investors. After a market nosedive on Friday, investors bought safe investments like household goods makers and phone companies. Technology companies also jumped. Stocks started the day lower following Friday’s drop, but they soon rallied. Investors were pleased when Lael Brainard, a member of the Federal Reserve board, said the Fed shouldn’t raise interest rates quickly because that could hurt the economy. The biggest gains went to safe investments that pay big dividends, as they are more enticing to investors when interest rates and bond yields are low. Stocks had plunged Friday following remarks from another Fed official that suggested interest rates could go up next week. David Kelly, chief global strategist for JPMorgan Funds, said he thinks Federal Reserve policymakers seem “noncommittal” and aren’t sure if they should raise interest rates now or not. In his opinion, the Fed’s cautious attitude toward raising interest rates even a little is causing strong market reactions. “The more cautious they are, the more sensitive the market becomes,” he said. “What’s one quarter of one percent? It’s nothing.” The Dow Jones industrial average jumped 239.62 points, or 1.3 percent, to 18,325.07. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index rose 31.23 points, or 1.5 percent, to 2,159.04. The Nasdaq composite surged 85.98 points, or 1.7 percent, to 5,211.89. The gains in the main three U.S. indexes made up for more than half of Friday’s losses. As investors sought safe-play picks, retail giant Wal-Mart rose $1.64, or 2.3 percent, to $71.94 and Procter & Gamble gained $2.01, or 2.3 percent, to $88.25. Phone companies also rose and AT&T gained $1, or 2.5 percent, to $40.71. Those stocks took some of the biggest losses Friday. HP agreed to buy Samsung’s printer business for $1.05 billion, and HP stock rose 54 cents, or 3.9 percent, to $14.49. That helped take technology stocks higher. Elsewhere, Apple rose $2.31, or 2.2 percent, to $105.44 and communications chip maker Broadcom picked up $3.70, or 2.3 percent, to $164.48. Canadian companies Agrium and Potash Corp. of Saskatchewan agreed to combine into the world’s largest crop nutrient company. The companies value their combined business at $36 billion, and Potash shareholders will own a majority of stock in the new company. Potash stock lost 21 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $16.76 and Agrium dipped $2.57, or 2.7 percent, to $92.64. Markets overseas took sharp losses following the rout in the U.S. Friday. Germany’s DAX fell 1.3 percent while the CAC-40 in France also lost 1.2 percent. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares gave up 1.1 percent. Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 index lost 1.7 percent and South Korea’s Kospi slid 2.3 percent. In Hong Kong the Hang Seng shed 3.4 percent. U.S. stocks had plunged late last week after Federal Reserve Bank of Boston President Eric Rosengren said there’s a case to be made the U.S. central bank should raise rates sooner rather than later. Rosengren and Brainard have both been reluctant to raise rates too quickly. Investors are not sure if the central bank will raise interest rates, and they’re not sure the economy is healthy enough to handle that. Higher rates threaten stocks by making interest-paying savings accounts and bonds more attractive to investors. They could also ding corporate earnings by raising companies’ borrowing costs. Irish drugmaker Perrigo added $6.52, or 7.3 percent, to $95.23 after activist investment firm Starboard Value bought a 4.6 percent stake in the company. Starboard Value said Perrigo needs to boost profit margins for some of divisions, and notes that the company’s stock hasn’t done well since Perrigo rejected an offer from competitor Mylan NV. Perrigo said it will review Starboard’s comments. U.S. crude rose 41 cents to $46.29 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the benchmark for international oil trading, climbed 31 cents to $48.32 a barrel in London. Energy Transfer Pipeline fell $1.19, or 3 percent, to $37.95. On Friday a federal judge ruled that the company can build a $3.8 billion pipeline intended to carry oil from North Dakota to Illinois. That sent the company’s stock higher. But the federal government stepped in to temporarily stop part of the project, and several agencies said they will reconsider their decisions supporting it. The Standing Rock Sioux tribe wants to stop construction of part of the pipeline because it crosses sacred sites and approaches a lake that provides drinking water for a reservation in southern North Dakota. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline gained 3 cents to $1.39 a gallon. Heating oil added 1 cent to $1.44 a gallon. Natural gas jumped 12 cents, or 4.2 percent, to $2.92 per 1,000 cubic feet. Gold fell $8.90 to $1,325.60 an ounce. Silver lost 37 cents, or 1.9 percent, to $19 an ounce. Copper gained 1 cent to $2.10 a pound. Bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 1.67 percent from 1.68 percent. The dollar fell to 101.84 yen from 102.69 yen late Friday. The euro rose to $1.1241 from $1.1228.     Tags: percent, rates, interest, stocks, investors, cents, Other stories from today: Federal official’s speech lowers expectations for hike next week Stocks leap as investors hope for steady interest rate Israel meets Facebook officials over incitement complaints     Print this Page  |  << Back   Return To Archives            Daily Journal Quick Poll   Now that commercial crab season is open, do you plan to buy some? Yes, looking forward to it Already in line Soon Still worried about domoic acid Pass                       Our User Agreement Our Privacy Policy Home Local News State / National / World Sports Opinion / Letters Business Arts / Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Calendar Submit Event Newsletter Signup Comics / Games Classifieds DJ Designers Archives Advertise With Us Contact Us About Us SiteMap ©2016 San Mateo Daily Journal San Mateo County help wanted  
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events All events 24 November 2016. 6pm 08 December 2016. 6pm 12 January 2017. 6pm Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro NA Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro NAPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Sign up UNITED KINGDOM USA Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events 24 November 2016. 6pm 08 December 2016. 6pm 12 January 2017. 6pm × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CNSX COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX ISDX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Highlights Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Mining Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Tech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Home Research Guardian CFDs Pre Market Briefing Market briefing: UK markets closed lower yesterday, on rising concerns over an interest rate hike by the US Federal Reserve (Fed) in the near term Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 08:40 13 Sep 2016 Proactive Investors, September 13 2016 UK Market Snapshot UK markets closed lower yesterday, on rising concerns over an interest rate hike by the US Federal Reserve (Fed) in the near term. Associated British Foods plummeted 10.8%, following a decline in same-store sales for the fourth quarter at its budget fashion chain, Primark. Marks & Spencer Group tumbled 5.1%, after it announced that its Executive Director for multi-channel, Laura Wade-Gery, would leave the company following her maternity leave. Lenders, Barclays, Royal Bank of Scotland Group and Lloyds Banking Group dipped 2.7%, 3.4% and 4.0%, respectively. Miners, Rio Tinto, BHP Billiton and Anglo American dropped 2.4%, 2.6%, and 3.2%, respectively, amid weakness in metals prices. On the contrary, AstraZeneca rose 0.8%, after a leading broker upgraded its rating on the stock to ‘Buy’ from ‘Hold’. The FTSE 100 declined 1.1%, to close at 6,700.9, while the FTSE 250 slid 0.9%, to settle at 17,730.2. US Market Snapshot US markets finished in positive territory yesterday, rebounding from their losses in the prior session, after the Fed Governor, Lael Brainard, struck a dovish tone and called for prudence in interest rate hikes. Perrigo jumped 7.4%, after activist investor, Starboard Value, revealed a 4.6% stake worth about $600.0 million in the former. Telecom stocks, Verizon Communications, AT&T and T-Mobile climbed 1.5%, 2.5% and 2.9%, respectively. Wal-Mart Stores and Procter & Gamble advanced 2.3% each. Tech shares, International Business Machines, Cisco Systems and Apple added 1.7%, 1.9% and 2.2%, respectively. Tesla Motors gained 2.0%, as it announced an upgrade for its autopilot feature which would increase the safety if its semiautonomous driving system. The S&P 500 gained 1.5%, to settle at 2,159.0. The DJIA rose 1.3%, to settle at 18,325.1, while the NASDAQ advanced 1.7%, to close at 5,211.9. Europe Market Snapshot Other European markets ended in the red yesterday, as investors remained worried about a potential increase in rates by the US Fed at its next policy meeting. Linde lost 5.6%, after it ended merger talks with the US-based firm, Praxair, 0.4% up, which could have created the world’s largest supplier of industrial gases. E.ON slipped 2.0%, after spinning off its fossil-fuel unit, Uniper, which made its trading debut. Banking shares, Commerzbank, Societe Generale and BNP Paribas eased 1.2%, 1.8% and 2.2%, respectively. Automobile giants, Renault and Peugeot shed 1.5% and 1.8%, respectively. On the brighter side, RWE gained 0.1%. The company announced plans about initial public offering of shares in its new grid and retail business, Innogy. The FTSEurofirst 300 index declined 1.0%, to close at 1,346.7. Among other European markets, the German DAX Xetra 30 slid 1.3%, to close at 10,431.8, while the French CAC-40 shed 1.1%, to settle at 4,439.8. Asia Market Snapshot Markets in Asia are trading higher this morning, following overnight gains in the US equities. In Japan, pharma stocks, Takeda Pharmaceutical, Otsuka Holdings and Daiichi Sankyo have risen 1.0%, 1.3% and 1.4%, respectively. Bucking the trend, Kumiai Chemical Industry has declined 4.7%, extending its losses, after a broker downgraded its rating on the stock to ‘Neutral’ from ‘Buy’. In Hong Kong, Industrial & Commercial Bank of China has advanced 1.5%, after a leading broker upgraded its rating on the stock. In South Korea, Samsung Electronics has climbed 5.5%, on reports that Jay Y. Lee will join the company’s board. Additionally, the company agreed to sell its printer business to HP in a deal worth $1.05 billion. The Nikkei 225 index is trading marginally higher at 16,675.7. The Hang Seng index is trading 0.9% up at 23,506.9, while the Kospi index is trading 0.6% higher at 2,002.6. Commodity, Currency and Fixed Income Snapshots Crude Oil At 0330GMT today, Brent Crude Oil one month futures contract is trading 0.70% or $0.34 lower at $47.98 per barrel, ahead of the American Petroleum Institute’s weekly oil inventory data, scheduled to be released later today Yesterday, the contract climbed 0.65% or $0.31, to settle at $48.32 per barrel, after reports showed that crude supplies at the Cushing delivery hub in the US dropped by more than 1.2 million barrels in the week ended 09 September 2016. In other news, the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) stated that non-OPEC crude production might rise in the second half of 2016. Gold At 0330GMT today, Gold futures contract is trading 0.99% or $13.10 higher at $1334.70 per ounce, after dovish remarks from the Fed Governor, Lael Brainard, lowered expectations of an interest rate hike by the central bank at its next week meeting. Yesterday, the contract declined 0.68% or $9.10, to settle at $1321.60 per ounce, extending its losses for a straight fourth session. Currency At 0330GMT today, the EUR is trading marginally higher against the USD at $1.1235, ahead of the German inflation data for August, set to release in a few hours. Additionally, Euro-zone and German ZEW survey data for September, slated to release today, will be closely assessed by market participants. Yesterday, the EUR rose marginally versus the USD, to close at $1.1235. The greenback fell against its major peers following dovish comments regarding interest rate hikes by the Fed Governor, Lael Brainard. At 0330GMT today, the GBP is trading marginally lower against the USD at $1.3332, ahead of UK’s consumer price index for August, scheduled to release today. Yesterday, the GBP strengthened 0.53% versus the USD, to close at $1.3337. Fixed Income In the US, treasury yields remained nearly unchanged, amid mixed comments from the Fed officials on the monetary policy outlook. Yesterday, yield on 10-year notes rose 1 basis point to 1.68%, while yield on 2-year notes remained unchanged at 0.79%. Meanwhile, 30-year bond yield added 1 basis point to 2.40%. Key Economic News Fed's Brainard warned against moving too quickly on rate hikes The Federal Reserve (Fed) Governor, Lael Brainard, stated that the case to tighten monetary policy in the near term looks less compelling. She added that the US labour market was not yet at full strength and remains concerned about the impact that global difficulties will have on the nation’s economy. Japanese BSI of large manufacturing industries rose in 3Q 2016 In 3Q 2016, on a QoQ basis, business survey index (BSI) of large manufacturing industries rose 2.90% in Japan. BSI of large manufacturing industries had recorded a drop of 11.10% in the previous quarter. Japanese net employment outlook recorded a rise in 4Q 2016 In 4Q 2016, the net employment outlook advanced to 23.00% in Japan. In the previous quarter, the net employment outlook had recorded a level of 22.00%. Japanese machine tool orders slid in August The flash machine tool orders in Japan recorded a drop of 8.40% in August on a YoY basis. In the previous month, machine tool orders had registered a drop of 19.70%. Chinese industrial production advanced more than expected in August On a YoY basis, industrial production in China climbed 6.30% in August, higher than market expectations for an advance of 6.20%. In the prior month, industrial production had recorded a rise of 6.00%. Chinese employment outlook advanced in 4Q 2016 In China, employment outlook registered a rise to 5.00% in 4Q 2016. In the prior quarter, employment outlook had registered a level of 2.00%. Chinese retail sales (YTD) rose as expected in August In August, on a YoY basis, retail sales (YTD) in China registered a rise of 10.30%, compared to a similar rise in the prior month. Market expectation was for retail sales (YTD) to advance 10.30%. Chinese fixed assets investment excl. rural YTD rose more than expected in August Fixed assets investment excl. rural YTD climbed 8.10% on a YoY basis in August, in China, higher than market expectations for an advance of 7.90%. In the prior month, fixed assets investment excl. rural YTD had registered a similar rise. Chinese industrial production (YTD) rose as expected in August On an annual basis in China, industrial production (YTD) recorded a rise of 6.00% in August, compared to a similar rise in the previous month. Market anticipation was for industrial production (YTD) to advance 6.00%. Chinese retail sales rose more than expected in August In August, on a YoY basis, retail sales in China climbed 10.60%, higher than market expectations for an advance of 10.20%. Retail sales had advanced 10.20% in the previous month. Proactive Investors Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version Disclaimer: Any research has been produced by an independent third party provider. Further details can be provided on request. Guardian Stockbrokers Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority (FSA Ref: 492519). Any report has been prepared using information available from public sources, which are believed to be reliable as at the date of this report. However, Guardian Stockbrokers, its employees and its independent third party provider make no representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this report. This report should therefore not be relied on as accurate or complete. The facts and opinions on this report are subject to change without notice. Guardian Stockbrokers, its employees and its independent third party provider have no obligation to modify or update this report in the event that any information on this report becomes inaccurate. Any report is prepared for informational purpose only, with no recommendation or solicitation to buy or to sell. The background of any individual or other investor has not been considered in providing this report. Individuals and other investors should seek independent financial advice which considers their specific risks, objectives and specific constraints, and make their own informed decisions. Individuals and other investors should note that investing in shares carries a degree of risk and the value of investments can go up or down. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. Investments should be made with regard to an investor’s total portfolio. Guardian Stockbrokers, its independent third party provider and its employees make no representation or guarantee with regard to any investment noted on this report, and shall therefore not be liable with regard to any loss. RSS Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Delete alert Help Guardian CFDs Pre Market Briefing www.guardianstockbrokers.com Pre Market Briefing informs you of what is happening before the market opens. We believe our Pre Market Briefing is an invaluable tool to set up your trading day, therefore giving you an edge. Our Pre market briefing is just the start of our trading day at Guardian. We work with our clients to provide them with information and guidance to enhance their trading decisions. Guardian will provide you with an individual service together with the most suitable and expert advice at a fair and reasonable cost. UK 100 - 1 YEAR Loading charts International: NA AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: © Proactive Investors 2016 Proactive Investor UK Limited, trading as “Proactiveinvestors United Kingdom”, is Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England with Company Registration number 05639690. Group VAT registration number 872070825 FCA Registration number 559082. You can contact us here.
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us News Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional Pennsylvania Business Headlines Briefs Real Estate Columnists Investigative Pittsburgh ICA Justice for Some American Coyotes Cyber Rattling Homegrown Terror Donor Dilemma Rules of Engagement News Blogs U.S./World Nation World Health Now Education Politics Elections 2016 Our Stories Sports Local Pro Teams Steelers/NFL Penguins/NHL Pirates/MLB Riverhounds Local High Schools Colleges Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges More in Sports Columnists Blogs SportsTalk Photo Galleries Videos Auto Racing Outdoors Pro Wrestling U.S./World Golf Local Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Carlynton Cranberry Fox Chapel Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum Sewickley South Hills Opinion Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter Living Arts & Entertainment Architecture Theater & Arts Movies Music Books Museums Players Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Events Lifestyles Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness Fashion History Travel Columnists More Lifestyles Multimedia Photography Sports Galleries Video Radio & Podcasts Sports Talk Obituaries News Business Headlines Print Stocks leap as investors hope for steady interest rates By The Associated Press | Monday, Sept. 12, 2016, 8:12 p.m. Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. NEW YORK — U.S. stocks surged Monday after a Federal Reserve official said the central bank should not raise interest rates too soon, which came as a big relief to investors. After a market nosedive Friday, investors bought safe investments like household goods makers and phone companies. Technology companies also jumped. Stocks started the day lower after Friday's drop, but they soon rallied. Investors were pleased when Lael Brainard, a member of the Federal Reserve board, said the Fed should not raise interest rates quickly because that could hurt the economy. The biggest gains went to safe investments that pay big dividends, as they are more enticing to investors when interest rates and bond yields are low. Stocks plunged Friday after remarks from another Fed official that suggested interest rates could go up next week. David Kelly, chief global strategist for JPMorgan Funds, said he thinks Federal Reserve policymakers seem “noncommittal” and are not sure if they should raise interest rates now or not. In his opinion, the Fed's cautious attitude toward raising interest rates even a little is causing strong market reactions. “The more cautious they are, the more sensitive the market becomes,” he said. “What's one quarter of one percent? It's nothing.” The Dow Jones industrial average jumped 239.62 points, or 1.3 percent, to 18,325.07. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 31.23 points, or 1.5 percent, to 2,159.04. The Nasdaq composite surged 85.98 points, or 1.7 percent, to 5,211.89. The gains in the main three U.S. indexes made up for more than half of Friday's losses. As investors sought safe-play picks, retail giant Wal-Mart rose $1.64, or 2.3 percent, to $71.94 and Procter & Gamble gained $2.01, or 2.3 percent, to $88.25. Phone companies also rose and AT&T gained $1, or 2.5 percent, to $40.71. Those stocks took some of the biggest losses Friday. HP agreed to buy Samsung's printer business for $1.05 billion, and HP stock climbed 54 cents, or 3.9 percent, to $14.49. That helped take technology stocks higher. Elsewhere, Apple was up $2.31, or 2.2 percent, to $105.44, and communications chip maker Broadcom picked up $3.70, or 2.3 percent, to $164.48. Canadian companies Agrium and Potash Corp. of Saskatchewan agreed to combine into the world's largest crop nutrient company. The companies value their combined business at $36 billion, and Potash shareholders will own a majority of stock in the new company. Potash stock lost 21 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $16.76 and Agrium dipped $2.57, or 2.7 percent, to $92.64. Markets overseas took sharp losses following the rout in the U.S. Friday. Germany's DAX fell 1.3 percent, and the CAC-40 in France lost 1.2 percent. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares gave up 1.1 percent. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index dropped 1.7 percent, and South Korea's Kospi slid 2.3 percent. In Hong Kong, the Hang Seng shed 3.4 percent. U.S. stocks had plunged late last week after Federal Reserve Bank of Boston President Eric Rosengren said there's a case to be made the U.S. central bank should raise rates sooner rather than later. Rosengren and Brainard have both been reluctant to raise rates too quickly. Investors are not sure if the central bank will raise interest rates, and they're not sure the economy is healthy enough to handle that. Higher rates threaten stocks by making interest-paying savings accounts and bonds more attractive to investors. They could also ding corporate earnings by raising companies' borrowing costs. Irish drugmaker Perrigo added $6.52, or 7.3 percent, to $95.23 after activist investment firm Starboard Value bought a 4.6 percent stake in the company. Starboard Value said Perrigo needs to boost profit margins for some of divisions, and notes that the company's stock hasn't done well since Perrigo rejected an offer from competitor Mylan NV. Perrigo said it will review Starboard's comments. U.S. crude rose 41 cents to $46.29 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the benchmark for international oil trading, climbed 31 cents to $48.32 a barrel in London. Energy Transfer Pipeline fell $1.19, or 3 percent, to $37.95. On Friday a federal judge ruled that the company can build a $3.8 billion pipeline intended to carry oil from North Dakota to Illinois. That sent the company's stock higher. But the federal government stepped in to temporarily stop part of the project, and several agencies said they will reconsider their decisions supporting it. The Standing Rock Sioux tribe wants to stop construction of part of the pipeline because it crosses sacred sites and approaches a lake that provides drinking water for a reservation in southern North Dakota. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline gained 3 cents to $1.39 a gallon. Heating oil added 1 cent to $1.44 a gallon. Natural gas jumped 12 cents, or 4.2 percent, to $2.92 per 1,000 cubic feet. Gold fell $8.90 to $1,325.60 an ounce. Silver lost 37 cents, or 1.9 percent, to $19 an ounce. Copper gained 1 cent to $2.10 a pound. Bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 1.67 percent from 1.68 percent. The dollar dropped to 101.84 yen from 102.69 yen late Friday. The euro climbed to $1.1241 from $1.1228. More Business Cozy retirement? Only for a privileged few JPMorgan fined $264M for bribing foreign officials Touch-screen ordering, table service coming to McDonald's restaurants in U.S. Tesla, SolarCity get shareholder approval for merger Bank stocks continue surge, leading market higher Subscribe today! Click here for our subscription offers.     Show commenting policy TribLive commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments â either by the same reader or different readers. We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending 52 apprehended in Westmoreland County warrant sweep Winchester Thurston freshman wins $20K in science competition Pittsburgh adopts 'zero tolerance' policy for misbehavior on Light Up Night Daily Gallery View Thursday ­— Nov. 17, 2016 Photos from across the region. Most Recent Videos More Videos News Business Neighborhoods Sports Opinion Living Multimedia Obituaries Ways We Deliver Blogs Mobile Email Newsletters eTRIB Digital Replica Buy Trib Photos RSS Subscribe Subscriber Services Our Publications Where to Buy the Newspaper Advertise Digital Sales Promotional Solutions Classifieds Marketplace Jobs Homes Autos eFeatures Images and text copyright © 2016 | Trib Total Media, LLC Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. Terms of Service Feedback | Contact Us
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Mouth Wash Market 2021 Share, Growth and Regional Forecast ReportsWeb.com has announced the addition of the United States Mouth Wash Market 2016 Market Research Report, the report focuses on United States major leading Market players providing information such as company profiles, product picture and specificat (EMAILWIRE.COM, September 13, 2016 ) This report studies sales (consumption) of Mouth Wash in United States market, focuses on the top players, with sales, price, revenue and market share for each player, covering Chattem Colgate-Palmolive GlaxoSmithKline Johnson & Johnson Procter & Gamble (P&G) For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/united-states-mouth-wash-market-report-2016 Split by product types, with sales, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Type I Type II Type III Split by applications, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Mouth Wash in each application, can be divided into Application 1 Application 2 Application 3 Request a sample copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001385901/sample Table of Content 1 Market Overview 2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Mouth Wash 3 USA Mouth Wash (Volume and Value) by Type 3.1 USA Mouth Wash Sales and Market Share by Type (2011-2021) 3.2 USA Mouth Wash Revenue and Market Share by Type (2011-2021) 4 USA Mouth Wash (Volume) by Application 5 United States Mouth Wash Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 5.1 Chattem 5.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 5.1.2 Mouth Wash Product Type, Application and Specification 5.1.2.1 Type I 5.1.2.2 Type II 5.1.3 Chattem Mouth Wash Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 5.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 5.2 Colgate-Palmolive 5.2.2 Mouth Wash Product Type, Application and Specification 5.2.2.1 Type I 5.2.2.2 Type II 5.2.3 Colgate-Palmolive Mouth Wash Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 5.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 5.3 GlaxoSmithKline 5.3.2 Mouth Wash Product Type, Application and Specification 5.3.2.1 Type I 5.3.2.2 Type II 5.3.3 GlaxoSmithKline Mouth Wash Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 5.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 5.4 Johnson & Johnson 5.4.2 Mouth Wash Product Type, Application and Specification 5.4.2.1 Type I 5.4.2.2 Type II 5.4.3 Johnson & Johnson Mouth Wash Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 5.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 5.5 Procter & Gamble (P&G) 5.5.2 Mouth Wash Product Type, Application and Specification 5.5.2.1 Type I 5.5.2.2 Type II 5.5.3 Procter & Gamble (P&G) Mouth Wash Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 5.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 6 Mouth Wash Technology and Development Trend 7 Research Findings and Conclusion Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016
Breaking News Day at a glance Weather Horoscopes Ireland Business World Showbiz #Discover Sport Tech Jobs Property Login Trump presidency Public-sector pay Syria Weather conditions Health Nama North-South council meeting US stocks leap as investors hope for steady interest rates PreviousNext 12/09/2016 - 22:39:20Back to Business Home After a market nosedive on Friday, investors bought safe investments like household goods makers and phone companies. Technology companies also jumped. Stocks started the day lower following Friday's drop, but they soon rallied. Investors were pleased when Lael Brainard, a member of the Federal Reserve board, said the Fed should not raise interest rates quickly because that could hurt the economy. The biggest gains went to safe investments that pay big dividends, as they are more enticing to investors when interest rates and bond yields are low. Stocks had plunged on Friday following remarks from another Fed official that suggested interest rates could go up next week. David Kelly, chief global strategist for JPMorgan Funds, said he thinks Federal Reserve policymakers seem "noncommittal" and aren't sure if they should raise interest rates now or not. In his opinion, the Fed's cautious attitude toward raising interest rates even a little is causing strong market reactions. "The more cautious they are, the more sensitive the market becomes," he said. "What's one quarter of 1%? It's nothing." The Dow Jones industrial average jumped 239.62 points, or 1.3%, to 18,325.07. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 31.23 points, or 1.5%, to 2,159.04. The Nasdaq composite surged 85.98 points, or 1.7%, to 5,211.89. The gains in the main three U.S. indexes made up for more than half of Friday's losses. As investors sought safe-play picks, retail giant Wal-Mart rose 1.64 dollars, or 2.3%, to 71.94 dollars and Procter & Gamble gained 2.01 dollars, or 2.3%, to 88.25 dollars. Phone companies also rose and AT&T gained one dollar, or 2.5%, to 40.71 dollars. Those stocks took some of the biggest losses on Friday. HP agreed to buy Samsung's printer business for 1.05 billion dollars, and HP stock rose 54 cents, or 3.9%, to 14.49 dollars. That helped take technology stocks higher. Elsewhere, Apple rose 2.31 dollars, or 2.2%, to 105.44 dollars and communications chip maker Broadcom picked up 3.70 dollars, or 2.3%, to 164.48 dollars. Canadian companies Agrium and Potash Corp. of Saskatchewan agreed to combine into the world's largest crop nutrient company. The companies value their combined business at 36 billion dollars, and Potash shareholders will own a majority of stock in the new company. Potash stock lost 21 cents, or 1.2%, to 16.76 dollars and Agrium dipped 2.57 dollars, or 2.7%, to 92.64 dollars. Markets overseas took sharp losses following the rout in the U.S. Friday. Germany's Dax fell 1.3% while the CAC-40 in France also lost 1.2%. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares gave up 1.1%. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index lost 1.7% and South Korea's Kospi slid 2.3%. In Hong Kong the Hang Seng shed 3.4%. US stocks had plunged late last week after Federal Reserve Bank of Boston President Eric Rosengren said there was a case to be made the US central bank should raise rates sooner rather than later. Mr Rosengren and Mr Brainard have both been reluctant to raise rates too quickly. Investors are not sure if the central bank will raise interest rates, and they're not sure the economy is healthy enough to handle that. Higher rates threaten stocks by making interest-paying savings accounts and bonds more attractive to investors. They could also ding corporate earnings by raising companies' borrowing costs. Irish drugmaker Perrigo added 6.52 dollars, or 7.3%, to 95.23 dollars after activist investment firm Starboard Value bought a 4.6% stake in the company. Starboard Value said Perrigo needs to boost profit margins for some of divisions, and notes that the company's stock has not done well since Perrigo rejected an offer from competitor Mylan NV. Perrigo said it will review Starboard's comments. US crude rose 41 cents to 46.29 dollars a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the benchmark for international oil trading, climbed 31 cents to 48.32 dollars a barrel in London. Energy Transfer Pipeline fell 1.19 dollars, or 3%, to 37.95 dollars. On Friday a federal judge ruled that the company can build a 3.8 billion dollar pipeline intended to carry oil from North Dakota to Illinois. That sent the company's stock higher. But the federal government stepped in to temporarily stop part of the project, and several agencies said they will reconsider their decisions supporting it. The Standing Rock Sioux tribe wants to stop construction of part of the pipeline because it crosses sacred sites and approaches a lake that provides drinking water for a reservation in southern North Dakota. In other energy trading, wholesale petrol gained three cents to 1.39 dollars a gallon. Heating oil added one cent to 1.44 dollars a gallon. Natural gas jumped 12 cents, or 4.2%, to 2.92 dollars per 1,000 cubic feet. Gold fell 8.90 dollars to 1,325.60 dollars an ounce. Silver lost 37 cents, or 1.9%, to 19 dollars an ounce. Copper gained one cent to 2.10 dollars a pound. Bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 1.67% from 1.68%. The dollar fell to 101.84 yen from 102.69 yen late Friday. The euro rose to 1.1241 from 1.1228 dollars. KEYWORDS: stocks, federal reserve, interest rates, ftse   send us stuff PreviousNext Want us to email you the top news stories each lunchtime? Download our app Landmark Digital Ltd, Company Number 523737, Linn Dubh, Assumption Road, Blackpool, Cork. T23 RCH6 +353 21 4802214 desk@breakingnews.ie News Ireland World Business Tech Weather News Archives Showbiz News Lotto Horoscopes #Discover Main Topics Authors Competitions RSS Sport News Soccer GAA Rugby Other Sports Other Contact Us Send us Stuff Using the Site Licence Our Content Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy © BreakingNews.ie 2016. Subscribe To News Alerts Subscribe Menu Show/Hide Left Push Menu Home Ireland #Discover Showbiz Sport World Weather Business Tech Horoscopes Lotto Other Contact Us Using the Site Licence Our Content Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy
Property Propertynews.com Property For Sale Property For Rent Agent Search Jobs niJobfinder Recruit NI Cars usedcarsni.com Classifieds Belfast Telegraph Classifieds For Sale Family Notices Place your ad Travel Travel Home Delivery Belfast Telegraph Studio Subscribe Newsletters Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ UK Website Of The Year Hi °C | Lo °C | WEATHER Athlone Bray Cork Drogheda Dundalk Galway Kilkenny Limerick Navan Waterford Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Biting Back Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Steven Beacom Billy on the box Scott Young Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Working Lunch Property Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Pokemon Go Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Eamonn McCann Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Readers Editor Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel Video Search Go Home › Business › Business News US stocks leap as investors hope for steady interest rates Published 12/09/2016 0 Comments Share US stocks leap as investors hope for steady interest rates BelfastTelegraph.co.uk US stocks surged on Monday after a Federal Reserve official said the central bank should not raise interest rates too soon, which came as a big relief to investors. http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/business/news/us-stocks-leap-as-investors-hope-for-steady-interest-rates-35043843.html http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/business/news/article35043842.ece/0b3ff/AUTOCROP/h342/PANews%20BT_P-5765e1cb-303d-4bc7-bc21-9e92dca89684_I1.jpg Email Stocks rose on Wall Street after a hint from the Federal Reserve US stocks surged on Monday after a Federal Reserve official said the central bank should not raise interest rates too soon, which came as a big relief to investors. After a market nosedive on Friday, investors bought safe investments like household goods makers and phone companies. Technology companies also jumped. Share Facebook Twitter Google Email Go To Comments Stocks started the day lower following Friday's drop, but they soon rallied. Investors were pleased when Lael Brainard, a member of the Federal Reserve board, said the Fed should not raise interest rates quickly because that could hurt the economy. The biggest gains went to safe investments that pay big dividends, as they are more enticing to investors when interest rates and bond yields are low. Stocks had plunged on Friday following remarks from another Fed official that suggested interest rates could go up next week. David Kelly, chief global strategist for JPMorgan Funds, said he thinks Federal Reserve policymakers seem "noncommittal" and aren't sure if they should raise interest rates now or not. In his opinion, the Fed's cautious attitude toward raising interest rates even a little is causing strong market reactions. "The more cautious they are, the more sensitive the market becomes," he said. "What's one quarter of 1%? It's nothing." The Dow Jones industrial average jumped 239.62 points, or 1.3%, to 18,325.07. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 31.23 points, or 1.5%, to 2,159.04. The Nasdaq composite surged 85.98 points, or 1.7%, to 5,211.89. The gains in the main three U.S. indexes made up for more than half of Friday's losses. As investors sought safe-play picks, retail giant Wal-Mart rose 1.64 dollars, or 2.3%, to 71.94 dollars and Procter & Gamble gained 2.01 dollars, or 2.3%, to 88.25 dollars. Phone companies also rose and AT&T gained one dollar, or 2.5%, to 40.71 dollars. Those stocks took some of the biggest losses on Friday. HP agreed to buy Samsung's printer business for 1.05 billion dollars, and HP stock rose 54 cents, or 3.9%, to 14.49 dollars. That helped take technology stocks higher. Elsewhere, Apple rose 2.31 dollars, or 2.2%, to 105.44 dollars and communications chip maker Broadcom picked up 3.70 dollars, or 2.3%, to 164.48 dollars. Canadian companies Agrium and Potash Corp. of Saskatchewan agreed to combine into the world's largest crop nutrient company. The companies value their combined business at 36 billion dollars, and Potash shareholders will own a majority of stock in the new company. Potash stock lost 21 cents, or 1.2%, to 16.76 dollars and Agrium dipped 2.57 dollars, or 2.7%, to 92.64 dollars. Markets overseas took sharp losses following the rout in the U.S. Friday. Germany's Dax fell 1.3% while the CAC-40 in France also lost 1.2%. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares gave up 1.1%. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index lost 1.7% and South Korea's Kospi slid 2.3%. In Hong Kong the Hang Seng shed 3.4%. US stocks had plunged late last week after Federal Reserve Bank of Boston President Eric Rosengren said there was a case to be made the US central bank should raise rates sooner rather than later. Mr Rosengren and Mr Brainard have both been reluctant to raise rates too quickly. Investors are not sure if the central bank will raise interest rates, and they're not sure the economy is healthy enough to handle that. Higher rates threaten stocks by making interest-paying savings accounts and bonds more attractive to investors. They could also ding corporate earnings by raising companies' borrowing costs. Irish drugmaker Perrigo added 6.52 dollars, or 7.3%, to 95.23 dollars after activist investment firm Starboard Value bought a 4.6% stake in the company. Starboard Value said Perrigo needs to boost profit margins for some of divisions, and notes that the company's stock has not done well since Perrigo rejected an offer from competitor Mylan NV. Perrigo said it will review Starboard's comments. US crude rose 41 cents to 46.29 dollars a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the benchmark for international oil trading, climbed 31 cents to 48.32 dollars a barrel in London. Energy Transfer Pipeline fell 1.19 dollars, or 3%, to 37.95 dollars. On Friday a federal judge ruled that the company can build a 3.8 billion dollar pipeline intended to carry oil from North Dakota to Illinois. That sent the company's stock higher. But the federal government stepped in to temporarily stop part of the project, and several agencies said they will reconsider their decisions supporting it. The Standing Rock Sioux tribe wants to stop construction of part of the pipeline because it crosses sacred sites and approaches a lake that provides drinking water for a reservation in southern North Dakota. In other energy trading, wholesale petrol gained three cents to 1.39 dollars a gallon. Heating oil added one cent to 1.44 dollars a gallon. Natural gas jumped 12 cents, or 4.2%, to 2.92 dollars per 1,000 cubic feet. Gold fell 8.90 dollars to 1,325.60 dollars an ounce. Silver lost 37 cents, or 1.9%, to 19 dollars an ounce. Copper gained one cent to 2.10 dollars a pound. Bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 1.67% from 1.68%. The dollar fell to 101.84 yen from 102.69 yen late Friday. The euro rose to 1.1241 from 1.1228 dollars. AP Read More SSE commits to freezing household energy prices until April 2017  Energy supplier SSE has announced it will be freezing household energy prices until at least April 2017. John Lewis store for Northern Ireland step closer after High Court order  By Alan Erwin Attempts to secure the first John Lewis store in Northern Ireland were given a major boost on Friday by a High Court order on a new planning blueprint for greater Belfast. Brexit challenge: Supreme Court to decide if UK needs Northern Ireland's consent to leave EU  A victims' campaigner's claim that the United Kingdom cannot quit the European Union without the consent of the people of Northern Ireland is to go before the Supreme Court. Shake-up of fund managers proposed by UK financial watchdog  The UK's financial watchdog has outlined a major shake-up for the fund management industry to ensure investors get a good return in an era of low-interest rates. Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Ex-property tycoon Taggart brothers owe another €4m to Ulster Bank  Business News John Lewis store for Northern Ireland step closer after High Court order  Business News Northern Ireland workers experience biggest rise in commuting...  Business News No room at the inn... post-Brexit business booming for Belfast hotels in the run-up to...  Business News Big rise in workers facing daily commutes of two hours or more  Northern Ireland Anger after Daily Express confuses Ireland and Northern Ireland on Brexit tea caddy  UK Video: Queen meets Portuguese President  Video News Donald Trump could make Sinn Fein ally Peter King counter-terror chief in White House  World UK charity warns tourists in Dubai not to report rape after woman who was 'gang raped'...  World Why pets like Walnut make us better human beings simply for having them share...  Gail Walker Northern Ireland MLAs' failed Brexit legal challenge referred to Supreme Court Ex-property tycoon Taggart brothers owe another €4m to Ulster Bank Investigatory Powers Bill: 'Snoopers Charter 2' to pass into law, giving Government sweeping spying powers Wayne Rooney controversy: Unnamed football agent claims Irish background to blame for behaviour Belfast could get 50 more offices over the next five years Revealed: Worst place in NI for car thefts Level-headed Belfast dog goes viral Nightlife Galleries Nightlife Limelight for Circus, November 15 [Photos]  Nightlife Nightlife: Filthy McNasty's, Nov 13  From Belfast Telegraph Sunday Life Female warder bound with sticking tape to chair by laughing inmates  World Trump could make Sinn Fein ally counter-terror chief  Northern Ireland Snow arrives in Northern Ireland  Northern Ireland Terrified Branson feared he would die in Limavady  News Analysis News Analysis: Opinion: Time lift barrier on tolls in Northern Ireland  World China bans 'fatty' Kim Jong Un nickname on web  Northern Ireland Coalisland traffic warden flees after threats  Technology New jet will do London to New York in three hours  Northern Ireland 2,000 fined for using bus lanes in dead of night  Sports Awards Belfast Telegraph Sports Awards 2016 - it's time to choose the winners  Opinion Opinion: Topical and political cartoons from Belfast Telegraph  Events The Troubles gallery - IRA checkpoint, early 1970s  By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Northern Ireland UK Rep of Ireland Health Education Sport Football Rugby GAA Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Business Business News Money Help & Advice Opinion The Big Interview Economy Watch Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Going Out Cinema Listings Life Woman Fashion House Just Born Just Married Food Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Search Go Mobile Site Sitemap Contact Legal Terms & Policies Media Pack Group Websites Complaints © Belfast Telegraph Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Biting Back Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Steven Beacom Billy on the box Scott Young Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Working Lunch Property Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Pokemon Go Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Eamonn McCann Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Readers Editor Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel Video Search Go
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriptions Subscriber Services News SPECIAL REPORT: The Heroin Crisis Campaign 2016 Merrimack Valley Haverhill New Hampshire Business TV Listings Salute_to_seniors Sports National Sports Papi's Farewell Local Sports Can You Beat Burt? Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Place an Ad Classifieds Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices Community Anniversary Engagements Weddings Births Photos Submit a Celebration Opinion Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Sound Off Obituaries Submit an Obituary Submit a Memoriam Shop Coupon Deals Weekly Ads Newspaper Ads Buy Our Photos Public Notices Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices About Us Contact Us e-Edition App Downloads Login 57° Clear North Andover, MA (01845) Today Sunny. High around 60F. Winds NNW at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight A clear sky. Low 39F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 18, 2016 @ 10:54 am Full Forecast Toggle navigation About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriptions Subscriber Services News SPECIAL REPORT: The Heroin Crisis Campaign 2016 Merrimack Valley Haverhill New Hampshire Business TV Listings Salute_to_seniors News A little something for travelers to be thankful for STATE HOUSE NEWS SERVICE 27 min ago Police: Man used stolen identity to get NH driver's license Salem Boys & Girls Club honors local leaders Bus driver strike injunction moves to federal court North Reading woman spreads blood, waste throughout Salem holding cell Giving small businesses a place to grow Rivera: 'Sanctuary city' fight will not affect Lawrence Kick off the holidays in Methuen Haverhill's annual Christmas Stroll Dec. 3 Sports National Sports Papi's Farewell Local Sports Can You Beat Burt? News featured Brady's alma mater rooting for Pats +3 By Bill Burt bburt@eagletribune.com 4 hrs ago RAISING A CHAMPION: How family, competition and love helped mold Tom Brady Commonwealth Motors Captains Corner: PMA soccer, Haverhill girls cross country Saluting Our Area’s Unsung Heroes State swim meets on Sunday Tournament Schedule Trout edges Betts, joins Bryant for league MVP crowns MVC Swimming: Central duo share MVP honors Dubnyk gets league-best 4th shutout as Wild beat Bruins 1-0 Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Place an Ad Classifieds Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices Community Anniversary Engagements Weddings Births Photos Submit a Celebration Community Souza-Roy Engagement Oct 16, 2016 Noyes Anniversary Jackson Anniversary Evangelista-Read Engagement Club News Reunions Community Calendar Club News Reunions Opinion Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Sound Off Opinion Sound Off 4 hrs ago Sound Off Our view: Saving historic homes: Don't demolish, deconstruct Sound Off Diana Sroka Rickert: Distraught by Trump's win? Advocate for smaller government Our view: New pot law a challenge for cities and towns Sound Off Letter: Blame the media for Hillary Clinton's defeat Letter: A month to honor home care and hospice professionals Obituaries Submit an Obituary Submit a Memoriam Shop Coupon Deals Weekly Ads Newspaper Ads Buy Our Photos Public Notices Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices Close Mark Lennihan FILE - In this Oct. 8, 2014, file photo, a man walks to work on Wall Street, near the New York Stock Exchange, in New York. Global stock markets tumbled Monday, Sept. 12, 2016, as investors fretted over the possibility of an imminent U.S. interest rate hike and reacted to the weekend health problems of presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) US stocks leap as investors hope for steady interest rates By MARLEY JAY AP Markets Writer Sep 12, 2016 Mark Lennihan FILE - In this Oct. 8, 2014, file photo, a man walks to work on Wall Street, near the New York Stock Exchange, in New York. Global stock markets tumbled Monday, Sept. 12, 2016, as investors fretted over the possibility of an imminent U.S. interest rate hike and reacted to the weekend health problems of presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) Eds: Rewrites after the close of trading. With AP Photos. NEW YORK (AP) — U.S. stocks surged Monday after a Federal Reserve official said the central bank shouldn't raise interest rates too soon, which came as a big relief to investors. After a market nosedive on Friday, investors bought safe investments like household goods makers and phone companies. Technology companies also jumped. Stocks started the day lower following Friday's drop, but they soon rallied. Investors were pleased when Lael Brainard, a member of the Federal Reserve board, said the Fed shouldn't raise interest rates quickly because that could hurt the economy. The biggest gains went to safe investments that pay big dividends, as they are more enticing to investors when interest rates and bond yields are low. Stocks had plunged Friday following remarks from another Fed official that suggested interest rates could go up next week. David Kelly, chief global strategist for JPMorgan Funds, said he thinks Federal Reserve policymakers seem "noncommittal" and aren't sure if they should raise interest rates now or not. In his opinion, the Fed's cautious attitude toward raising interest rates even a little is causing strong market reactions. "The more cautious they are, the more sensitive the market becomes," he said. "What's one quarter of one percent? It's nothing." The Dow Jones industrial average jumped 239.62 points, or 1.3 percent, to 18,325.07. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 31.23 points, or 1.5 percent, to 2,159.04. The Nasdaq composite surged 85.98 points, or 1.7 percent, to 5,211.89. The gains in the main three U.S. indexes made up for more than half of Friday's losses. As investors sought safe-play picks, retail giant Wal-Mart rose $1.64, or 2.3 percent, to $71.94 and Procter & Gamble gained $2.01, or 2.3 percent, to $88.25. Phone companies also rose and AT&T gained $1, or 2.5 percent, to $40.71. Those stocks took some of the biggest losses Friday. HP agreed to buy Samsung's printer business for $1.05 billion, and HP stock rose 54 cents, or 3.9 percent, to $14.49. That helped take technology stocks higher. Elsewhere, Apple rose $2.31, or 2.2 percent, to $105.44 and communications chip maker Broadcom picked up $3.70, or 2.3 percent, to $164.48. Canadian companies Agrium and Potash Corp. of Saskatchewan agreed to combine into the world's largest crop nutrient company. The companies value their combined business at $36 billion, and Potash shareholders will own a majority of stock in the new company. Potash stock lost 21 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $16.76 and Agrium dipped $2.57, or 2.7 percent, to $92.64. Markets overseas took sharp losses following the rout in the U.S. Friday. Germany's DAX fell 1.3 percent while the CAC-40 in France also lost 1.2 percent. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares gave up 1.1 percent. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index lost 1.7 percent and South Korea's Kospi slid 2.3 percent. In Hong Kong the Hang Seng shed 3.4 percent. U.S. stocks had plunged late last week after Federal Reserve Bank of Boston President Eric Rosengren said there's a case to be made the U.S. central bank should raise rates sooner rather than later. Rosengren and Brainard have both been reluctant to raise rates too quickly. Investors are not sure if the central bank will raise interest rates, and they're not sure the economy is healthy enough to handle that. Higher rates threaten stocks by making interest-paying savings accounts and bonds more attractive to investors. They could also ding corporate earnings by raising companies' borrowing costs. Irish drugmaker Perrigo added $6.52, or 7.3 percent, to $95.23 after activist investment firm Starboard Value bought a 4.6 percent stake in the company. Starboard Value said Perrigo needs to boost profit margins for some of divisions, and notes that the company's stock hasn't done well since Perrigo rejected an offer from competitor Mylan NV. Perrigo said it will review Starboard's comments. U.S. crude rose 41 cents to $46.29 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the benchmark for international oil trading, climbed 31 cents to $48.32 a barrel in London. Energy Transfer Pipeline fell $1.19, or 3 percent, to $37.95. On Friday a federal judge ruled that the company can build a $3.8 billion pipeline intended to carry oil from North Dakota to Illinois. That sent the company's stock higher. But the federal government stepped in to temporarily stop part of the project, and several agencies said they will reconsider their decisions supporting it. The Standing Rock Sioux tribe wants to stop construction of part of the pipeline because it crosses sacred sites and approaches a lake that provides drinking water for a reservation in southern North Dakota. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline gained 3 cents to $1.39 a gallon. Heating oil added 1 cent to $1.44 a gallon. Natural gas jumped 12 cents, or 4.2 percent, to $2.92 per 1,000 cubic feet. Gold fell $8.90 to $1,325.60 an ounce. Silver lost 37 cents, or 1.9 percent, to $19 an ounce. Copper gained 1 cent to $2.10 a pound. Bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 1.67 percent from 1.68 percent. The dollar fell to 101.84 yen from 102.69 yen late Friday. The euro rose to $1.1241 from $1.1228. ___ AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jay We have recently upgraded our commenting system. If you wish to comment please login using your social ID or create a new account. ADVERTISERS Featured Homes of the Week +5 Seaglass Shore condos offer beach living year-round By Sarah Ashley Pratt  Advertising correspondent Text Alerts Sign Up Get text messages on your mobile phone with news, weather and more from The Eagle-Tribune.Sign up Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Police: Lawrence man had 100 grams of heroin in Plaistow Fire forces evacuation of Lawrence school NH school bus drivers to vote on possible strike tonight Benedetti's Deli eyes expansion to Plaistow One dead in apparent overdose at Plaistow store Fire in historic Methuen building displaces a dozen people Longtime Haverhill journalist Tom Vartabedian dies Andover man with rare cancer finds strength in numbers NH's 'Donald Trump' pleads guilty to marijuana possession 5-car crash on I-495 halts traffic Images Videos Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Twitter Tweets by eagletrib Connect with Us Latest Video MORE VIDEOS Buy our photos To view or purchase photos, visit photos.northofboston.com. Sections News Sports Community Opinion Obituaries Photos Public Notices Video Gallery Weather Services About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Submission Forms Advertiser Index Contact Information eagletribune.com 100 Turnpike St. North Andover, MA 01845 Phone: 978-946-2000 Email: news@eagletribune.com Follow Us © Copyright 2016 Eagle-Tribune, 100 Turnpike St. North Andover, MA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.

This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 5:43am Sat 19 November Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Wall Street up as Fed hike fears fade By Margreet Dietz 8:09 AM Tuesday Sep 13, 2016 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Markets Sharemarket United States Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. Photo / AP Wall Street climbed after comments by US Federal Reserve Governor Lael Brainard bolstered bets the central bank won't raise interest rates next week. "In today's new normal, the costs to the economy of greater-than-expected strength in demand are likely to be lower than the costs of significant unexpected weakness," Brainard said in prepared remarks for a speech in Chicago. "This asymmetry in risk management in today's new normal counsels prudence in the removal of policy accommodation." The Federal Open Market Committee, of which Brainard is a permanent voting member, begins its next two-day meeting on September 20. Traders reduced their expectations for a September rate hike to 15 per cent from 24 per cent on Friday and for a December hike to 54.5 per cent from 59.2 per cent, Reuters reported, citing the CME Group's FedWatch tool. Wall Street breathed a sigh of relief. In 3.08pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rallied 1.3 per cent, while the Nasdaq Composite Index climbed 1.6 per cent. In 2.53pm trading, the Standard & Poor's 500 Index advanced 1.5 per cent. Gains in shares of Wal-Mart and those of Procter & Gamble, last up 2.3 per cent and 2.2 per cent respectively, led the Dow higher. US Treasures briefly rose on Brainard's comments, then fell, pushing yields on the benchmark 10-year note one basis point higher to 1.68 per cent at 1.45pm New York time. "She didn't change the tone of what she had been saying much, and I think the snap rally was only because the market may have been preparing for a hawkish surprise," Aaron Kohli at BMO Capital Markets Corp, a fixed-income strategist in New York at BMO, one of the Fed's 23 primary dealers, told Bloomberg. Continued below. Related Content Markets in for a bumpy ride as volatility returns Relief rally: NZ shares bounce back Bigger than Brexit: New Zealand shares tumble In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index ended the session with a drop of 1 per cent from the previous close. The UK's FTSE 100 Index declined 1.1 per cent, France's CAC 40 index fell 1.2 per cent, while Germany's DAX index slid 1.3 per cent. In the latest round of merger and acquisition activity, Canada's Potash Corp of Saskatchewan and Agrium agreed to merge to create the world's largest crop nutrient company. She didn't change the tone of what she had been saying much, and I think the snap rally was only because the market may have been preparing for a hawkish surprise. Following the close of the transaction, expected during mid-2017, Potash Corp shareholders will own about 52 per cent of the new company, and Agrium shareholders will own the remainder. Agrium shares traded 2.6 per cent lower as of 2.12pm in Toronto, while Potash Corp shares last traded 1 percent weaker as of 2.06pm in Toronto. "This deal has some real antitrust concerns," Seth Bloom, a US Justice Department veteran who is now at Bloom Strategic Consulting, told Reuters. - NZ Herald By Margreet Dietz Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Northland shines in latest Air NZ safety video Northland is the star in a new Air New Zealand video being filmed mainly in the Bay of… Hawke's Bay Today Mayor Yule labels water bore charges an 'unwelcome distraction' Charges laid against Hastings District Council have been slammed by Hastings Mayor Lawrence… Bay of Plenty Times Arena packed for awards night The annual Sports Awards were packed out with glammed up guests, celebrating the sporting… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Speedway ace Michael Pickens talks highs and lows It has been a year of triumph and tragedy for Michael Pickens... Viva Red-carpet winners at the NZ Music Awards From Aaradhna to Bic Runga and Samantha Hayes, these were our favourite fashion looks… True Commercial Ponsonby fire station for sale The high-profile Ponsonby fire station, which has been owned by the New Zealand Fire… More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2016, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf05 at 19 Nov 2016 05:44:31 Processing Time: 30ms
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 5 Blue Chip Stocks You Can Buy Today Plenty of investors ask "What is a blue chip stock?" so we answered. Here's a list of a few of the best blue chip stocks you can buy today. Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) Sep 12, 2016 at 3:26PM Image source: Getty Images. What is a blue chip stock? If you had to stop to think, you probably aren't alone. Though the name surfaces frequently in our discussion of investing, no hard-and-fast rule exists. Generally speaking, a blue chip stock refers to a mature, financially secure, and sizable corporation. More often than not, they also often have extended track records of paying dividends. A rough proxy for blue chip stocks would be the companies in the Dow Jones Industrial Average, companies such as Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG), 3M (NYSE:MMM), Coca-Cola (NYSE:KO), Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ), and Colgate-Palmolive (NYSE:CL), among many other potential names. Here's a quick snapshot of the numbers that qualify them for blue chip status. Blue Chip Stock Ticker Market Cap Div Yield # of Consecutive Annual Dividend Increases Procter & Gamble PG $229 billion 3.10% 53 3M MMM $106 billion 2.50% 57 Coca-Cola KO $182 billion 3.30% 53 Johnson & Johnson JNJ $323 billion 2.70% 59 Colgate-Palmolive CL $62 billion 2.20% 52 Data sources: Google Finance, Dividend.com.  Again, it bears noting that these names merely illustrate the kinds of companies that fit the bill, but this isn't the only way to define a blue chip stock. As just one example, Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway wouldn't appear in that list because of its historical practice of not offering a dividend. However, most investors would agree that Berkshire Hathaway qualifies as a blue chip stock. The key takeaway here is that a "blue chip stock" often refers to a high-quality company, subjective though that may seem. A winning strategy? Regardless of the exact definition, the evidence suggests that investing in blue chip stocks tends to bode well for investors willing to hold them over the long term. Here's how the five blue chip stocks mentioned -- Procter & Gamble, 3M, Coca-Cola, Colgate-Palmolive, and Johnson & Johnson -- have performed versus the S&P 500, going as far back as our charting tool will allow. KO data by YCharts Admittedly, the above sample size of five names serves as anecdotal evidence. At the same time, though, investing in blue chips touches on several schools of investing that tend to outperform the market over the long term. One of the defining characteristics of blue chip stocks is their quality, expressed here in one way by their dividend growth prowess. We know dividend growth investing tends to handily outperform the market averages over time, especially when dividends are reinvested to buy more shares. Seen this way, buying blue chip stocks can be seen as an indirect way to follow a strategy we know works quite well. The idea underpinning this strategy's outperformance is simple but not obvious. According to the World Economic Forum, the average lifespan of a Fortune 500 companies is between 40 and 50 years. What's more, the average lifespan of a company appears to be falling. So blue chip companies that are able to remain in operation, such as those in our example, are by definition above average. What's more, having been able to both pay dividends over so long a period and consistently increase them speaks to the remarkable quality of these companies. Of course, no company remains impervious to change, so you can't think that simply buying select blue chip companies is a one-way ticket to easy street. Sears, Roebuck probably seemed like a no-brainer investment at one point. As with any investment strategy, diversification is crucial to owning blue chip stocks. However, the strategy appears to lie on sound investing principles. As Warren Buffett has famously said, "It's far better to buy a wonderful company at a fair price than a fair company at a wonderful price," and that's precisely what investing in a diversified basket of blue chip stocks may allow investors everywhere to do. Andrew Tonner has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Johnson and Johnson. The Motley Fool recommends Coca-Cola and Procter and Gamble. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) Andrew Tonner is a senior tech specialist for The Motley Fool. He is a graduate of The University of Arizona with a degree in Finance. Follow @andrewtonner Article Info Sep 12, 2016 at 3:26PM Consumer Goods Stocks Johnson and Johnson NYSE:JNJ $114.91 down $0.86 (-0.74%) Coca-Cola NYSE:KO $41.19 up $0.07 (0.16%) Procter and Gamble NYSE:PG $82.36 down $0.71 (-0.86%) Berkshire Hathaway (A shares) NYSE:BRK-A $236,330.00 down $-1,220.00 (-0.51%) 3M NYSE:MMM $173.00 up $0.23 (0.13%) Berkshire Hathaway (B shares) NYSE:BRK-B $157.57 down $0.82 (-0.52%) Colgate-Palmolive NYSE:CL $65.82 down $0.17 (-0.26%) Read More Ignore Procter & Gamble: Here Are 3 Better Stocks 3 of the Safest Stocks You Can Buy Right Now Coca-Cola Stock History: What You Need to Know 3 Top Consumer-Staples Stocks You Can Buy Right Now Should You Buy PepsiCo, Coca-Cola, or Monster Beverage? 3 Things You Need to Know Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
MARKETPLACES: Homes Milestones Directory Garage Sales Corridor Car Corridor Careers Here's the Deal Classifieds Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Election 2016 Weather Site Search Ask & Answer Rural Opinion Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS GARAGE SALES CORRIDOR CAR CORRIDOR CAREERS LOCAL DIRECTORY The Gazette's Books A Twitter List by gazettedotcom Submit a Letter more Ask & Answer Most Popular Most Recent Girls' basketball 2016-17: Preseason rankings Iowa City man dies in motorcycle crash Kennedy High students walk out to protest hate, discrimination Hlas: Each had fab frosh, but Hawkeyes too green for Seton Hall Iowa sees 'obvious' fixes it needs out of loss to Seton Hall Video: Iowa City West fans, alumni send off championship game-bound football team Iowa Democrats plans to elect new chairperson in January Iowa sees 'obvious' fixes it needs out of loss to Seton Hall Hlas: Each had fab frosh, but Hawkeyes too green for Seton Hall Offseason rugby title may have helped Union advance to football title game Letter: Retiree appreciates former employer Dory Rathje Sep 12, 2016 at 12:01 am | Print View In an age where many often feel employers lack real appreciation for its hardworking employees, I must send accolades to a company with an alternative message. Procter & Gamble/Oral B sponsors an annual picnic at which they gift current and retired employees with an unbelievably generous assortment of products. Having retired 18 years ago, I appreciate not only the hefty cash value these products represent to me, but the positive signal the company sends to its employees. Dory Rathje Cedar Rapids Your next Letters to the Editor articles Letter: Avoid businesses that encourage ... Letter: Work together to fight harassmen ... Letter: Columnist missed an opportunity Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Corridor Careers Garage Sales Corridor Car Here's The Deal Classifieds Fusionfarm Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio Catalyst BLink Stocks Forex Commodities Gold & Silver Today's Pick Portfolio Tracker L&T Tech Services targeting $1-b turnover by 2021: AM Naik SHILPA RANIPETA   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet PTI AM Naik Standalone entity into outsourcing of engineering services; contributes 18% to the main group The L&T Technology Services IPO opened this week. In an exclusive interview with BTVi, AM Naik, Group Chairman of L&T, says the new company aims to double its turnover in the next five years to $1 billion. Excerpts: While the company is called L&T Technology Services, you have stressed that this is not a ‘technology’ company. Could you tell us what exactly this company is into? This is a pure play engineering company that does third party outsourcing for clients. Talking about plant engineering, we don’t do that in this company for power plants, or for that matter hydro carbons. Those kinds of engineering are done with their respective businesses within L&T Group. Here we do plant engineering that we don’t do in the L&T main group, and that is FMCG,for companies like Uniliver, Proctor & Gamble, etc. It has become 18 per cent of the company. Auto and aero is roughly 25 per cent. Industrial product is again around 27 to 28 per cent, and so on. In the last three years we have grown by 16 per cent in dollar terms and 23 per cent in rupee terms. During this time, if you see, the oil prices have crashed. Had it not happened, we would have been perhaps instead grown by 16 per cent to 19-20 per cent. Speaking about revenues, you said how you will cross $500 million. Going forward, what is the kind of target that you have set in terms of growth, revenues and also in terms of margins for the next 4-5 years? The industry is about $1 trillion, out of which about $365 billion is what is addressable. Getting distance working for engineering is not more than $67 billion. Outsourcing to third party – which is being done in India – as well as captive is roughly $20 billion.Within that third party like us may be $5-6 billion. The balance is captive because most of the companies think that this is their proprietary knowledge and they don’t want that kind of transfer. So building faith is extraordinarily important considering that sometime an untold or unimaginable thing does happen in sectors like oil and gas. I think we will be able to double the turnover in the next five years. Our target is to touch $1 billion standalone in the engineering company. To meet that target we may have to acquire some niche technology companies. (This article was published on September 12, 2016) Related NEWS L&T Technology Services IPO: a pricey niche play TOPICS company information | initial public offering | Companies  »  Larsen & Toubro Limited Quotes Snapshot Company Background Board of Directors Balance Sheet Profit & Loss Quarterly Results Financial Ratios Share Holding Pattern Score Board MF Holdings News Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor Markets Live: Yellen's comments, demonetisation pull Sensex down 77 points More... Tweet Top Gainers / Top Losers DATA BANK Cross Currency Rate Indian Rupees Australian Dollar Canadian Dollar Danish Kroner Euro Hong Kong Dollar Indonesian Rupiah Japanese Yen New Zealand Dollar Norwegian Kroner Pound Sterling Singapore Dollar South Korean Won Swadish Kroner Swiss Franc Thai Baht US Dollar Chinese Yuan Arab Emirates Dirham Exchange Rate Dollar Spot Forward Rate Open-Ended Mutual Funds NSE Currency Futures Results Standalone Financial Results, Limited Review Report for September 30, 2016 Disclosure of Voting results of AGM (Regulation 44(3) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015) Standalone Financial Results, Auditors Report for March 31, 2016 Standalone Financial Results, Limited Review Report for December 31, 2015 Q2 results on Nov 30, 2016 More Results » Disclosures Disclosures under Reg. 29(1) of SEBI (SAST) Regulations, 2011 Disclosures under Reg. 29(2) of SEBI (SAST) Regulations, 2011 Disclosures under Reg. 29(2) of SEBI (SAST) Regulations, 2011 Disclosures under Reg. 10(5) in respect of acquisition under Reg. 10(1)(a) of SEBI (SAST) Regulations, 2011 Disclosures under Reg. 29(2) of SEBI (SAST) Regulations, 2011 More Disclosures » Others Updates on Scheme of Amalgamation Updates on Scheme of Amalgamation Updates on Scheme of Amalgamation Extension of the Rights Issue closing date Update on appointment of Director More Others » MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED Yellen's comments, demonetisation pull Sensex down 77 points Jhunjhunwala adds more Delta Corp shares Rupee crashes below 68 level; ends at 9-month low Day Trading Guide for Nov 18, 2016 Central Bank of India (₹83) Inditrade Capital buys out step-down firm of Edelweiss Gold rates SEBI relaxes rules for investments by MF staff Nifty call: Consider initiating long positions with stop-loss at 8,090 levels Govt has given much-needed encouragement to the market: Akshay Chudasama Columnists Chitra Narayanan C.P. Chandrasekhar and Jayati Ghosh Aarati Krishnan Gnanasekaar T C. Gopinath Mohan Murti Narendar Pani G. Parthasarathy Raghuvir Srinivasan Rasheeda Bhagat D. Sampathkumar R Srinivasan Thomas K Thomas Vidya Ram LATEST NEWS Indian auto after-market poised for double-digit growth curve 5 min. ago Demonetisation may hit Q3 net of FMCG firms 6 min. ago Curbs on generators, Badarpur plant extended 9 min. ago MCX to impose concentration margin to combat price rigging 12 min. ago Cotton trades flat 12 min. ago More » O P E N close Recent Article in Markets Banks steal back the spotlight from NBFCs Missed out on market goings-on this week? Here’s a selective recap » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | Catalyst | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2016, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.


Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Watching People Eat Is Big in Korea; Now It's Supposedly Coming to America 5 hours ago Array 0 Dentsu Aegis' Vizeum Becomes Part of 360i in the U.S. By Lindsay Stein - 6 hours ago Array 0 Apple Swamps Web Video With 107-Second Summary of New-Product Showcase 6 hours ago Array 0 A Chinese Ad Tech Titan Looks to U.S., Partners With Twitter-Owned MoPub By George Slefo - 7 hours ago Array 0 Lowdown: Audi and Airbnb Hook Up in Emmys Ad 9 hours ago Array 0 This Moving Film About an Agency Staffer With MS Shows the Reality of Life With the Disease By Alexandra Jardine - 14 hours ago 0 A Chinese Ad Tech Titan Looks to U.S., Partners With Twitter-Owned MoPub By George Slefo - 7 hours ago 0 Laughing All the Way to the Bank: Rio Olympics Make NBC $250 Million Richer By Anthony Crupi - 9 hours ago 0 Breaking the Barriers Between Marketing and Product Development By Drew Neisser - 14 hours ago 0 More Magazine Is Reborn Online and Now Targeting Millennials By Jeremy Barr - 10 hours ago 0 Yes He Can? Here's How Trump Could Win By Simon Dumenco - 2 days ago 0 Keith Olbermann Offers '176 Reasons Donald Trump Shouldn't Be President' in His New GQ.com Show By Simon Dumenco - Yesterday 0 How Fitbit Is Staying a Step Ahead in the Race for Wearables By Adrianne Pasquarelli - Yesterday 0 Chicken Fries That Go Crunch -- And Won't Turn Your Fingers Orange By Jessica Wohl - 2 days ago 0 How Brands Should Be Marketing Wellness to Women By Kathy Delaney - 2 days ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. Glad you're here and we hope you like what we do. But what we do is expensive and is supported in large part by advertising. So if you could whitelist us, or login, that'd be great. How to Whitelist Besides, you're reading about advertising. Why not see who's advertising around the advertising coverage while you're at it? Rance Crain Jean-Marie Dru on Why Disruption Isn't Destruction TBWA Chief Opens Up About Working With Apple, Netflix and Other Innovators By Rance Crain. Published on September 12, 2016. Reprints Reprints Advertising Age Player Disruption in the marketplace doesn't have to be destructive. That's the word from Jean-Marie Dru, the French advertising man who merged the agency he started, BDDP, with TBWA. Jean-Marie, who actually trademarked the term "disruption methodology" back in 1991 and has written several books on the topic, contends that disruption and destruction are not an either-or scenario. "They're very different," Jean-Marie told me in a video interview prior to his induction into the Advertising Hall of Fame. "People believe that you have a choice between incremental, a new line or extension, something like that, or something so disruptive that it will destroy your market. That's wrong. In the middle you have thousands of possibilities of disruptive strategy that don't destroy market share." Take Tom's shoes for example. Jean-Marie said the company is very disruptive but it didn't destroy the shoe market. "And Nescafé and Nespresso, they are very disruptive, but they don't destroy the marketplace. So you can be very disruptive without destroying the market base. This is very important because there is too much confusion" between the two. But how about the internet, which has done a pretty good job of laying waste to more than a few print publications?Jean-Marie replied that the internet "forces everybody to be really creative." In the '70s and '80s and '90s, 10% or 15% of agencies were creative. "Ninety percent were not creative at all, just repetitive and boring. Now if you're boring, you just know you won't make it. Procter & Gamble didn't come to Cannes until 2003 or 2004. Why did they come to Cannes? Because for the first time they understood that like every other company, they had to become very creative." So, in Jean-Marie's view, the internet, while a big change, "is an opportunity to be creative. Now everybody can be very interactive, very digital, very smart, and you see incredible new stories, thanks to the internet. It's been tough for everybody, but it's an opportunity at the same time." Burberry is an example of a brand that has reinvented itself through disruption. Jean-Marie said sales of Burberry in the last five years have tripled. "Everything is digital, which is strange for a fashion brand. They start with digital. Whatever item you want to buy, you can buy it on the internet with 1,000 possibilities. If you go to its store on Regent Street in London, the design of the store is like the website." Disruptive brands can be more demanding, Jean-Marie pointed out. "We are lucky enough to work in L.A. for Apple, Netflix, Airbnb and Twitter," he said. "Good for us. It's tough because they're expecting new things from us. If you say to Airbnb, 'We have to build a brand,' they say, 'Come on, we already have a brand.' It's not always easy to understand each other, but it's helping us to think differently." Talking about thinking different, to paraphrase Apple's famous line, Jean-Marie said it's "very difficult" to work for Apple "because what we tried to do is to be as simple as possible. Simple, simple, simple." If you've seen the campaign with the photographs, when you see it outside it's fantastic. But try to imagine you're in the office and somebody says this is what we're going to do -- big photos. You're going to say, 'Is that all?' That's why it's very difficult." How do you handle that? I asked Jean-Marie. "Well, there are two or three guys in the L.A. office, starting with Lee Clow, who have a fantastic feeling of understanding the difference between simple and simplistic." Jean-Marie and Lee Clow have become good friends over the years. "I think what he likes about me is the fact that I'm always struggling to find inspiring strategies, to help the creatives to be more creative. "Disruption for him and me is nothing but a methodology to come up with interesting strategies for the creative. That's it. A springboard for the creative. He knows I love creativity. ... He thinks I am a crazy account man." Jean-Marie's creative philosophy also revolves around speed. Disruptive Live is how TBWA creates in real time, and the New York office alone created 3,500 pieces of content in one year. The point is that "more and more clients need fast and cheap. You can be good, fast and cheap. To be great, fast and cheap is very difficult. "Before, when we had three months to build the campaign -- that level between good and great -- you could spend hours and days trying to move to the next level. Here you have to go fast."Jean-Marie said his agency achieves good, fast and cheap 90% of the time. Great, fast and cheap is "very seldom." I asked Jean-Marie about the difference between the French and American ways of doing business. The French, he said, "overconceptualize. ... We like to think too much. I think we're not pragmatic enough in my country." But "you would be surprised to know that at the Las Vegas Consumer Electronics Show, we had 200 French startups," the second country in the world in that category. "There's a huge gap between what we are and the image we have, especially in America. We're not so bad, but people don't know that." But Jean-Marie believes France itself could use a dose of disruption. Since 1988, "nothing has changed. It's a pity, because we have all the resources, all the energy." Jean-Marie is a big advocate of sales-based agency contracts. "I'm trying to push, as much as possible, where the incentive is linked to the sales, so $10 a car or whatever. If you can do this, it can be very effective. But not all clients offer that." One reason might be such deals would make the job of procurement people more difficult. "You agree on a percentage of sales, then they've got nothing to do anymore." In this article: Agencies Rance Crain Technology Rance Crain Rance Crain is president of Crain Communications and editor-in-chief of Advertising Age. View all articles by this author Most Popular Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2016 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17 x Scroll to Continue
null

Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › tech home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Dyson Ltd Sir James Dyson upbeat about Brexit as company invests in expansion The billionaire inventor believes Britain can now reach trade agreements with countries outside Europe more easily Sir James Dyson was one of the most prominent business leaders to back the Brexit vote. Photograph: Dyson Graham Ruddick Tuesday 13 September 2016 19.01 EDT Last modified on Wednesday 14 September 2016 10.06 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close This article is 2 months old Sir James Dyson, the billionaire inventor, has said there is no reason for businesses in Britain to be uncertain as a result of the EU referendum and that they would be mad to withhold investment on the back of the vote. Speaking as his company, Dyson, unveiled a £250m expansion of its research and development centre in the Cotswolds, the engineer said Britain could now reach trade agreements with countries outside Europe “much more easily and flexibly” and reconsider its approach to immigration from around the world so it can attract more engineers and scientists from India, China and the far east. Dyson was one of the most prominent business leaders to publicly support Brexit before the referendum in June. His company has developed from a firm specialising in bagless vacuum cleaners into a fast-growing multinational technology company selling bladeless fans, air purifiers, hand-dryers, hairdryers and robotic vacuum cleaners. In the past four years the company’s sales have doubled. Dyson reported revenues of £1.7bn in 2015, up 26% year on year, with profits of £448m. It is investing £5m a week in research and development. Dyson said he could not understand why businesses would stop investing because of the prospect of import duties being introduced on trade between the UK and Europe. Asked whether the economic uncertainty in the UK could hold Dyson back from investing, he said: “I don’t want to be arrogant about this, but I don’t understand why people are uncertain. I think it is something put around. If you are a business, do you actually say, ‘I am not going to make a decision to invest in that factory or I am not going to make a decision to set up in Europe because of this potential 3% [tax].’ As a business, are you actually stopping and not investing because of that? If you were, you would be mad because currency can move 10% in a couple of days. A 3% import duty is not something to worry about. “It is highly unlikely it will come in anyway. The imbalance of trade is £100bn a year. Are you seriously saying that Germany wants to be putting an import duty on British goods going into Germany when we can punish them much greater on their goods? Facebook Twitter Pinterest Dyson 360 Eye robot vacuum cleaner. Photograph: Hannibal Hanschke/Reuters “The trend is towards free trade. The failure of Europe to negotiate a free trade agreement with America, the TTIP, is really worrying. That is uncertainty. If you are waiting for Europe to negotiate free trade agreements China, North America and so on, that is a far greater uncertainty then whether or not you pay 3% to go into Europe.” Dyson’s latest investment involves the opening of a new research building at its campus in Malmesbury, Wiltshire. The building, nicknamed D9, will house up to 450 engineers working on top-secret projects. These projects involve work on robotics and battery technology, two key new areas for the company. There are now 2,500 people working at the site out of 7,000 Dyson employees globally. Europe accounts for around 16% of Dyson sales and is still an “attractive” market for the company, its founder and chairman said. However, the business is growing faster in China, South Korea and Japan and Dyson said that Europe was not a single market for his company anyway. “It is not a single market as far as we are concerned,” he said. “There are different plugs, different languages, different boxes, different instructions, different laws, different national characteristics, different psychology, different marketing and different companies.” Dyson insisted that leaving the EU is positive for the UK despite warnings of a slow down in the economy. “It is a positive because we can now negotiate trade agreements with countries much more easily and flexibly on our own then we ever could with 29 countries in Europe,” he said. “We don’t have those problems, we are on our own, we can negotiated a very rapid trade agreement with other countries.” Facebook Twitter Pinterest Dyson’s HQ. Photograph: WilkinsonEyre & Dyson Research Ltd The 69-year-old also said it was opportunity for Britain to address a shortage of engineers in the country by making its immigration system global. Dyson said: “It has been very much a Europe-focused immigration system, not a global immigration system. A lot of people who want to be engineers come from India, China, and the far east. In Pune [India] there are 40,000 engineers that come out of Pune University every year, which is twice as many as the British [engineers] that come out of the whole of British universities.” “We just don’t have the scale. China produces something like 2 million engineers a year, we produce 20,000. We are just not going to compete globally unless we seriously ramp up the number of people.” The entrepreneur played down criticism from Liam Fox, the international trade secretary, that business executives would rather be playing golf on a Friday afternoon than negotiating export deals. “I don’t think many businesses survive nowadays if you spend your time playing golf,” he said. “What I have been saying is that to compete globally and to export now it is a technology race. If companies aren’t developing technology and this country doesn’t produce enough engineers to take advantage of all the wonderful universities and commercialise their technology we will lag behind economically and be outstripped by our competitors all over the world.” An experimental approach Dyson has become the UK’s nearest equivalent to Apple. It develops cutting-edge technology, is renowned for sleek design and has even opened its own shop on Oxford Street in London. The new £250m extension at its 56-acre campus in Malmesbury, Wiltshire, which is unveiled today, could even help Dyson take on Apple directly. Government documents revealed earlier this year Dyson is working on a battery-powered electric vehicle, although the company refuses to confirm the project. Apple is also rumoured to be working on an electric car. Founded in 1993, Dyson is a young company in more ways than one. The average age of its staff is just 26, a deliberate attempt by founder and chairman Sir James Dyson to try to keep the company on its toes. Dyson’s headquarters is designed to feel like a university campus and even has a sports centre nicknamed “the hangar”. “This is going to sound wrong , but we don’t like experience,” he explains in a rare interview at Dyson’s headquarters. “Experience can be inhibiting. I would rather have a naive, flexible, experimental, pioneering approach, because we want to do everything differently. It is a lot easier if people don’t come along – and this is going to sound slightly nasty – with baggage, and experience with how things are done. We want to find a new and better way of doing things. Graduates are very good at doing that.” Max Conze, the chief executive of Dyson, who joined in 2010 from Procter & Gamble, said the company’s growth is built on a “bet on young people, young graduates” and a “belief in technology and innovation as the engine for growth”. He added: “You have to be willing to listen to people who have just come in and the people who have done this for many years.” Facebook Twitter Pinterest Dyson’s headquarters are designed to feel like a university campus. Dyson’s headquarters are shrouded in mystique and secrecy. From the road, the only evidence of the cutting-edge work that is taking place is a lonely blue airsock bearing its logo. The campus is hidden behind lines of trees. The new D9 research building is a futuristic two-storey structure with reflective glass that offers no sign of what the engineers inside are up to. The company has 129 laboratories for its research and development team, who are working on more than 200 projects. Dyson appears to be on the cusp of major expansion. Its revenues have doubled in the past four years and it wants to double its team of 3,000 engineers by 2021, with £1bn committed to developing new battery technology. The company’s new robotic vacuum cleaner – the Dyson 360 Eye – is a new avenue. After initially specialising in the movement of air, Dyson has broadened its technology into robotics, electric motors and 360-degree cameras. These technologies would clearly be helpful for an electric vehicle. “I don’t think we could deny that,” Dyson says. “But we don’t talk about what we are doing.” The inventor still owns 100% of the company and is estimated to be worth £5bn – more than Sir Richard Branson. Dyson says he has no plans to sell a stake in the business and that its private ownership has been key to its success. “Our CEO can think long term, he doesn’t have to satisfy the newspapers or investorsevery quarter he is raising the profits. We can afford to invest more in research and development, invest in long-term stuff.” More news Topics Dyson Ltd James Dyson EU referendum and Brexit European Union International trade More… Technology sector Europe Global economy Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech selected arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Technology › Dyson Ltd Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Latest News Dow 18,872 -31.50 -0.17% Nasdaq 5,323 -11.04 -0.21% S&P 500 2,182 -4.66 -0.21% 11:40 A.M. ET Sanofi to stop producing bladder-cancer drug BCG 11:36 A.M. ET Equity ETFs saw nearly $22 billion in inflows this week 11:30 A.M. ET Scientists set the controls for a second Earth in another solar system 11:30 A.M. ET Bundesbank chief: Need 'extra care' for easy money 11:24 A.M. ET Updated Treasury yields turn higher; 10-year above 2.3% 11:10 A.M. ET FanDuel, DraftKings announce merger plans 11:08 A.M. ET Updated Beleaguered bank and biotech stocks may soar as political ‘pendulum’ swings to growth 11:07 A.M. ET Updated How the dollar rally could threaten corporate earnings 11:05 A.M. ET Updated Bank stocks could record big gains in the months ahead if Donald Trump gets his way 11:04 A.M. ET Updated 4 reasons why a strong dollar may sink the stock-market rally in 2017 11:02 A.M. ET Updated Stock market’s ‘Trump rally’ is mostly a bank rally 11:01 A.M. ET Updated Here are Goldman’s 2017 forecasts for stocks, oil and more — in one chart 11:00 A.M. ET Updated Dollar extends climb to 10th session as Yellen refuels the bulls 10:59 A.M. ET Kanye says he would have voted for Trump, if he had bothered to go to the polls 10:47 A.M. ET Updated ‘Fantastic Beasts’ will likely do more for Time Warner than bring in impressive box office 10:46 A.M. ET How to be smarter than the gadgets in your home this holiday season​ 10:43 A.M. ET U.S. stocks turn lower; major indexes down about 0.2% 10:42 A.M. ET Updated What President-elect Trump means for every U.S. industry 10:42 A.M. ET Updated Trump’s plans for trade and foreign policy could end up hurting the U.S. 10:40 A.M. ET This is how savings experts do their holiday shopping Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Mason-Based ConnXus Named Technology Sponsor for International Minority Supplier Development Conference By Published: Sept 13, 2016 10:47 a.m. ET Share MASON, Ohio, Sept. 13, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- ConnXus, a six-year-old supplier diversity software company based in Mason, Ohio, today announced that they are the official technology sponsor for the 2016 global Minority Supplier Development Council United Kingdom (MSDUK) Conference being held September 20-22 in London, England. The conference is a three-day global supplier diversity and inclusive procurement event to be attended by over 600 delegates from Australia, Canada, China, South Africa, the United States, and the United Kingdom. "Our involvement in the MSDUK conference is a growth driver for our business," remarked Rod Robinson, ConnXus founder and CEO. "Through the relationships and trust built there, we will expand our footprint in the global procurement market as we continue our plan to disrupt the $10 billion supply chain software market.  More than money though, it is also giving us the opportunity to ensure our diversity practices are inclusive of a global workforce." Recently named Ohio's 2016 Early Stage Company of the Year, ConnXus contributes its rapid, impressive growth to its state-of-the-art, cloud-based technology featuring 1.7 million diverse suppliers and certifications, and the power of partnerships. "Without the establishment of key local, national, and global partnerships, we could not have seized the opportunity to sponsor the MSDUK conference and raise our recent $5 million Series 'A' funding round," noted Daryl Hammett, ConnXus Chief Operations Officer. We take great pride in moving beyond talent, capital, and customers to build lasting, meaningful relationships." The president of The Social Entrepreneurs Fund and investor in ConnXus' Series "A" round, Liz Luckett, also finds value in the transparency that ConnXus brings to corporate supply chain diversity. She states, "ConnXus offers insight beyond diversity ownership to shed light on employment trends in small businesses by region and vertical industry—a great value to large corporations seeking to leverage supply chain spend to demonstrate their role in job creation across diverse demographics." For Wendy Lea, CEO of Cincinnati-based Cintrifuse, ConnXus' ability to sponsor the MSDUK conference alongside other major organizations such as Procter & Gamble, Enterprise Rent-a-Car, Metlife, Capital One, and the Coca-Cola Company comes as no surprise. "Scaling a startup takes hard work - and it's a road you can't go down all on your own.  Rod and his team at ConnXus have built a formidable partnership strategy that lets them leverage outside resources so they can focus on what they do best.  It's a strategy I wish more entrepreneurs would embrace," she said. It is this level of sophistication and innovation that Mayank Shah, President of MSDUK, is looking forward to sharing with attendees at next week's conference. "We are excited to partner with companies like ConnXus, which are at the forefront of supplier diversity data and reporting management, in order to achieve our goals of sharing knowledge and developing connections." For more information about MSDUK, visit http://msdukconference.msduk.org.uk/ or follow #MSDUKConference. About ConnXus ConnXus (www.connxus.com) is a supplier diversity software company headquartered in Mason, Ohio. The cloud-based platform helps small and diverse businesses, including woman- and minority-owned companies, grow by connecting them to Fortune 2,000 corporations. About Minority Supplier Development Council United Kingdom (MSDUK)MSDUK (www.msduk.org.uk) is the UK's leading non-profit membership organization driving inclusive procurement. The organization promotes the ethos of diversity and inclusion in public and private sector supply chains by identifying and introducing innovative and entrepreneurial ethnic minority owned businesses (EMBs). Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160913/406964 Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160913/406963LOGO To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/mason-based-connxus-named-technology-sponsor-for-international-minority-supplier-development-conference-300327028.html SOURCE ConnXus Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Guide Buyer anonymity, while desired, can be hard to come by View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate 7 fancy kitchens where holiday hosting dreams come true View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews


Obituaries Sports Business Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home E-Eagle Customer Service Customer Service Archives Buy Photos and Pages Contact Us Eagle+ Sign In Eagle Store Newsletters Newspaper in Education Subscribe Subscriber Services About Us News News Crime & Courts Local Databases Education Lottery Nation & World Politics Special Projects Weather Weird News Blogs & Columnists Finger on the Weather Prairie Politics Sports Sports Wichita State Chiefs High Schools K-State Kansas Outdoors Royals State Colleges Wingnuts NBC baseball Blogs & Columnists Bob Lutz Jayhawk Dispatch K-Stated Lutz Blog Michael Pearce Shockwaves Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Business Agribusiness Aviation Banking Health Care Small Business Blogs & Columnists Air Capital Insider Business Casual Business Perspectives Carrie Rengers Living Living Celebrations Family Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Religion Travel Blogs & Columnists Annie Calovich Suzanne Tobias Entertainment Entertainment The Arts Books Celebrities Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Restaurants Events Movies Music TV Blogs & Columnists Dining with Denise Movie Maniac Opinion Opinion Editorials Editorial Cartoons Letters Opinion Columns Submit a Letter Blogs & Columnists Richard Crowson Now Consider This Opinion Line Obituaries Classifieds Classifieds Apartments and Rentals Auctions/Estate Sales Garage Sales Jobs Legal Notices Public Notices Merchandise Pets Service Directory Place An Ad Place An Ad Merchandise Jobs Cars Homes Apartments Other Categories Classified Support Center Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Rentals Local Deals Health & Fitness September 13, 2016 7:32 AM Most hand soaps and body washes banned by the FDA The U.S. government is banning more than a dozen chemicals, including triclosan, long-used in antibacterial soaps and washes, saying manufacturers have failed to show that they are safe and prevent the spread of germs. AP File photo i By Gabriella Dunn gdunn@wichitaeagle.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Many of the hand soaps and body washes found in supermarkets and shops are being banned by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. The FDA says the products could contribute to bacterial resistance and don’t perform any better than plain soap and water. The ban applies to ingredients found in at least 40 percent of the overall soap market, according to a report from MedlinePlus, a project of the U.S. National Library of Medicine. The ban covers soaps and body washes containing triclosan and triclocarban, the two most common antibacterial ingredients, the FDA says. Another 17 active ingredients also are included in the ban. The ban covers soaps and body washes containing triclosan and triclocarban, the two most common antibacterial ingredients, the FDA says. Most soaps labeled “antibacterial” or “antimicrobial” contain at least one of those ingredients. Triclosan is most often included in liquid soap, while triclocarban is found in bar soaps. There are more than 2,100 antibacterial soaps sold today, according to the MedlinePlus report. But the new ban does not cover hand sanitizer gels or wipes, or antiseptics used in health care settings. The FDA has said it’s banning the soaps because of concerns that antibacterial soaps might contribute to bacterial resistance. At least 2 million people per year become infected with antibiotic-resistant bacteria, and at least 23,000 die from those infections, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. MedlinePlus said other studies have also shown that the ingredient triclosan can affect the thyroid, estrogen and testosterone in mammals. Meanwhile, manufacturers failed to show the antibacterial soaps performed any better than old fashioned soap and water. Manufacturers have one year to comply with the ban. Many manufacturers, such as Procter & Gamble and Johnson & Johnson, already started phasing out some ingredients, the FDA told MedlinePlus. Three other ingredients used in consumer wash products could also be banned. The FDA is giving manufacturers one more year to provide evidence that the three ingredients found in antibacterial soaps are more effective than regular soap and safe. Those ingredients include benzalkonium chloride, benzethonium chloride and chloroxylenol. Gabriella Dunn: 316-268-6400, @gabriella_dunn Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Health & Fitness Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:29 Woman killed, infant missing Pause 4:52 Rep. Mike Pompeo calls on imams to disavow terrorism 1:35 Trump transition team member: Wall will get built 2:49 Salvation Army announces fundraising goal to kick off holiday season 4:03 In sickness and in health 2:03 Last remaining speaker of the Wichita language dies at 89 1:43 Motorcycle crash near Garden Plain kills man 3:07 So what can Trump actually do in his first 100 days? 3:00 Trump vows to be a president for all Americans 0:36 30-second pizza Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a month ago Cancer patient's craving sparks her fundraising efforts 1:28 a month ago Cancer patient's craving sparks her fundraising efforts 3:01 a month ago How marijuana affects your driving 1:42 2 months ago How does tuberculosis (TB) spread? View more video Health & Fitness Home remedies: dealing with dandruff It’s sometimes called ‘the winter blues’ Where the wild things (blueberries) are How do you avoid a cesarean section delivery? Health events Entertainment Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Eagle Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Newsletters Advertising Information Digital Advertising Rates Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Eagle Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Newsletters Advertising Information Digital Advertising Rates Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Tiffany Hires Former Canadian Pacific CFO To Head Its Finance R. Chandrasekaran , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} September 13, 2016 7:31am   Comments Share: Related TIF Tiffany Gets A Shiny New Price Target At Jefferies Watch These 5 Huge Put Purchases In Monday Trade Tiffany declares $0.45 dividend (Seeking Alpha) Tiffany & Co. (NYSE: TIF) revealed that it hired a former Canadian Pacific CFO, Mark Erceg, to head its finance department. As EVP and CFO, he would be held responsible for functions of its worldwide financial, indirect procurement and information technology. He will assume the position October 18. The jewelry and specialty retailer indicated Erceg would be located in New York and would report to CEO, Frederic Cumenal. His appointment comes after the company's former CFO left in May last to pursue a position at another company. Erceg worked in Canadian Pacific Railway Limited since May 2015. He held the same position between 2010 and 2015 at Masonite International Corporation. He started his career at  Procter & Gamble in 1992, serving more than 18 years in finance, market strategy, customer response, general management and global investor relations. Cumenal said, "As the new leader of our multi-talented finance, procurement and information technology organizations, his varied experience and global perspective will be important as we continue to work toward strengthening Tiffany's luxury brand position around the world and enhancing our profitability and productivity." The stock closed at $68.30 on Monday. Posted-In: News Management © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (TIF) Tiffany Gets A Shiny New Price Target At Jefferies Watch These 5 Huge Put Purchases In Monday Trade Your Luxury Brands Earnings Cheat Sheet Guggenheim Initiates Coverage On 21 Retail Stocks Here's All Of CLSA's Ratings On Specialty Retail Low Expectations May Offer Tiffany A Chance To Shine View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on TIF Trending Recent 1 CBDS, APHQF: 5 Best Marijuana Stocks Of 2016 2 DCIX, GLBS: 3 Legitimate Catalysts Driving The Illegitimate Rally In Sh... 3 WMT, HAIN: 25 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-Market Session 4 TOPS, DRYS: What Is The Baltic Dry Shipping Index An... 5 TSLA, MBLY: Mobileye Could Collapse By Nex... 6 SINO, EGLE: DryShips Announces O... 7 DSKX, DRYS: The T-12 N... 1 Corn, Wheat Futures Move Up 2 U.S. Dollar Index Higher, Leading Index Edges Up 3 USD/JPY Moves Up 4 F: Winning Already? CNBC's Auto Expert Says Donald Trump 'Can Claim A Vi... 5 CRM: Salesforce's Momentum Improves As It Heads Into A Critical Q4 6 U.S. Dollar Index Moves Up, Kansas City Fed Manufacturing Index Slips 7 RGC, HIBB: Worst Performing Industries For November 18, 2016 View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Facebook To Roll Out Messenger Platform Version 1.2 Delivering Alpha 2016: Everything You Need To Know
null
Your browser is not supported. Please upgrade to one of the following browsers: Google Chrome Mozilla Firefox Apple Safari Microsoft Internet Explorer 8+ You may proceed to the site by clicking here, however some pages might not work correctly. LATEST VIDEOS More Videos: Rates from Bankrate.com Mortgage Credit Cards Auto US stocks leap as investors hope for steady interest rates 09/13/2016 - 2:00 AM EDT NEW YORK >> U.S. stocks surged Monday after a Federal Reserve official said the central bank shouldn't raise interest rates too soon, which came as a big relief to investors. After a market nosedive on Friday, investors bought safe investments like household goods makers and phone companies. Technology companies also jumped. Stocks started the day lower following Friday's drop, but they soon rallied. Investors were pleased when Lael Brainard, a member of the Federal Reserve board, said the Fed shouldn't raise interest rates quickly because that could hurt the economy. The biggest gains went to safe investments that pay big dividends, as they are more enticing to investors when interest rates and bond yields are low. Stocks had plunged Friday following remarks from another Fed official that suggested interest rates could go up next week. More Headlines Legoland attraction to debut in spring at Plymouth Meeting Mall US retail sales jump 0.8 pct. in sign of consumer health Ho, ho, hold up before you spend this season Region's businesses urged to fight data breaches US stocks finish level as tech losses cancel out bank gains David Kelly, chief global strategist for JPMorgan Funds, said he thinks Federal Reserve policymakers seem "noncommittal" and aren't sure if they should raise interest rates now or not. In his opinion, the Fed's cautious attitude toward raising interest rates even a little is causing strong market reactions. "The more cautious they are, the more sensitive the market becomes," he said. "What's one quarter of one percent? It's nothing." The Dow Jones industrial average jumped 239.62 points, or 1.3 percent, to 18,325.07. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 31.23 points, or 1.5 percent, to 2,159.04. The Nasdaq composite surged 85.98 points, or 1.7 percent, to 5,211.89. The gains in the main three U.S. indexes made up for more than half of Friday's losses. As investors sought safe-play picks, retail giant Wal-Mart rose $1.64, or 2.3 percent, to $71.94 and Procter & Gamble gained $2.01, or 2.3 percent, to $88.25. Phone companies also rose and AT&T gained $1, or 2.5 percent, to $40.71. Those stocks took some of the biggest losses Friday. HP agreed to buy Samsung's printer business for $1.05 billion, and HP stock rose 54 cents, or 3.9 percent, to $14.49. That helped take technology stocks higher. Elsewhere, Apple rose $2.31, or 2.2 percent, to $105.44 and communications chip maker Broadcom picked up $3.70, or 2.3 percent, to $164.48. Canadian companies Agrium and Potash Corp. of Saskatchewan agreed to combine into the world's largest crop nutrient company. The companies value their combined business at $36 billion, and Potash shareholders will own a majority of stock in the new company. Potash stock lost 21 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $16.76 and Agrium dipped $2.57, or 2.7 percent, to $92.64. Markets overseas took sharp losses following the rout in the U.S. Friday. Germany's DAX fell 1.3 percent while the CAC-40 in France also lost 1.2 percent. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares gave up 1.1 percent. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index lost 1.7 percent and South Korea's Kospi slid 2.3 percent. In Hong Kong the Hang Seng shed 3.4 percent. 1 2 next  last »
News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV Today Subscribe Newsletter Obituaries The Denver Post News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV Stock markets recoup half of Friday’s loss Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Trending: 2014 asbestos release Colo. car crashes First-and-Orange podcast Denver mayor on Trump Late-night Melania Trump jokes Tiny-home subdivision Business Economy Stock markets recoup half of Friday’s loss Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) By The Associated Press September 13, 2016 at 12:21 am Sign up for newsletters and alerts Submit your news tips or photos Most Popular Two killed in three major crashes across Colorado’s wet, snowy roads Donald Trump pledge to target “sanctuary” cities could cost Denver, Aurora How far will late-night TV hosts go with Melania Trump jokes? Pomona lineman Jake Moretti, state’s top recruit, flips commitment from Ohio State to Colorado Broncos’ blocked kick game-winner was a rare perfect storm in the NFL Salida OK’s community of 200 tiny homes to help ease housing crunch By Marley Jay, The Associated Press U.S. stocks surged Monday after a Federal Reserve official said the central bank shouldn’t raise interest rates too soon, which came as a big relief to investors. After a market nosedive on Friday, investors bought safe investments like household goods makers and phone companies. Technology companies also jumped. Stocks started the day lower following Friday’s drop, but they soon rallied. Investors were pleased when Lael Brainard, a member of the Federal Reserve board, said the Fed shouldn’t raise interest rates quickly because that could hurt the economy. The biggest gains went to safe investments that pay big dividends, as they are more enticing to investors when interest rates and bond yields are low. Stocks had plunged Friday following remarks from another Fed official that suggested interest rates could go up next week. David Kelly, chief global strategist for JPMorgan Funds, said he thinks Federal Reserve policymakers seem “noncommittal” and aren’t sure if they should raise interest rates now or not. In his opinion, the Fed’s cautious attitude toward raising interest rates even a little is causing strong market reactions. “The more cautious they are, the more sensitive the market becomes,” he said. “What’s one quarter of one percent? It’s nothing.” The Dow Jones industrial average jumped 239.62 points, or 1.3 percent, to 18,325.07. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index rose 31.23 points, or 1.5 percent, to 2,159.04. The Nasdaq composite surged 85.98 points, or 1.7 percent, to 5,211.89. The gains in the main three U.S. indexes made up for more than half of Friday’s losses. As investors sought safe-play picks, retail giant Wal-Mart rose $1.64, or 2.3 percent, to $71.94 and Procter & Gamble gained $2.01, or 2.3 percent, to $88.25. Phone companies also rose and AT&T gained $1, or 2.5 percent, to $40.71. Those stocks took some of the biggest losses Friday. HP agreed to buy Samsung’s printer business for $1.05 billion, and HP stock rose 54 cents, or 3.9 percent, to $14.49. That helped take technology stocks higher. Elsewhere, Apple rose $2.31, or 2.2 percent, to $105.44 and communications chip maker Broadcom picked up $3.70, or 2.3 percent, to $164.48. Canadian companies Agrium and Potash Corp. of Saskatchewan agreed to combine into the world’s largest crop nutrient company. The companies value their combined business at $36 billion, and Potash shareholders will own a majority of stock in the new company. Potash stock lost 21 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $16.76 and Agrium dipped $2.57, or 2.7 percent, to $92.64. U.S. stocks had plunged late last week after Federal Reserve Bank of Boston President Eric Rosengren said there’s a case to be made the U.S. central bank should raise rates sooner rather than later. Rosengren and Brainard have both been reluctant to raise rates too quickly. Investors are not sure if the central bank will raise interest rates, and they’re not sure the economy is healthy enough to handle that. Higher rates threaten stocks by making interest-paying savings accounts and bonds more attractive to investors. They could also ding corporate earnings by raising companies’ borrowing costs. U.S. crude rose 41 cents to $46.29 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the benchmark for international oil trading, climbed 31 cents to $48.32 a barrel in London. Gold fell $8.90 to $1,325.60 an ounce. Silver lost 37 cents, or 1.9 percent, to $19 an ounce. Copper gained 1 cent to $2.10 a pound. Bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 1.67 percent from 1.68 percent. The dollar fell to 101.84 yen from 102.69 yen late Friday. The euro rose to $1.1241 from $1.1228. Tags:  stock market Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off blog comments powered by Disqus More in Economy Easy retirement for Americans? It’s only for a privileged few. November 18, 2016, 1:30 am Most U.S. households are heading for a worse lifestyle in retirement than they had while they were working, because they simply aren’t saving enough, experts say. Janet Yellen says she isn’t going anywhere when Donald Trump takes office November 17, 2016, 6:56 pm Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen appears unruffled by incoming President Donald Trump’s victory last week. Colorado wants more precision in economic development incentives November 18, 2016, 8:54 am The Colorado Economic Development Commission approved a new scoring matrix for its popular Job Growth Incentive Tax Credit program, one designed to more precisely target state incentive awards. Mortgage rates surge, but homebuyers advised to be patient November 17, 2016, 1:08 pm With mortgage rates surging following the election win of Donald Trump, homebuyers may feel compelled to snap up loans before rates rocket even higher. But housing experts say consumers shouldn’t get carried away by the post-election wave. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Become a Member / Subscribe Place a Hold Denver Post Store Digital Replica Edition Classifieds Autos Real Estate Jobs Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Daily Ads Special Sections Contact Us Submit a News Tip Member Services Advertise With Us Careers Place an Obituary Today’s Front Page Back Issues Archives Mobile Apps Copyright © 2016 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Site Map Ethics Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
vator vatorX vatornews Register Log in Newsroom Innovation series Interviews Lessons learned Trends & news Today's Entrepreneur: Kate Edwards No. 1 mistake entrepreneurs make? Making an app for the sake of it. Technology trends and news by Jam Narte September 12, 2016 | Comments Short URL: http://vator.tv/n/4727 Today's  Entrepreneur is Kate Edwards, Co-founder at Heartbeat. Heartbeat rewards millennial women for being their authentic selves on social media. Heartbeat is network of 30,000 everyday millennial women who are bold, passionate, and influential in their real lives, not just their digital ones. They have created a strong brand around Heartbeat, and invite women to join the movement of empowerment - rewarding women for being their authentic selves rather than who they are supposed to be online. Here's a little bit about Kate: I am a(n): Entrepreneur Companies I work or worked for: Facebook, Three Day Rule, Textpert If you are an entrepreneur, why? I want to change the world. My favorite startups: Snapchat, NailSnaps, Overnight What's most frustrating and rewarding about entrepreneurship/innovation? When people don't understand your vision because their brain works in a different way. I combat this through putting emphasis on communication - once you recognize that investors, developers, partners, and clients all use their brains in different ways, you can strategize around that. What's the No. 1 mistake entrepreneurs make? Making an app for the sake of it. Please, I don't need anymore apps on my phone! Entrepreneurs also don't put enough emphasis on social skills and networking - product will always be #1, but networking should be #2. What are the top three lessons you've learned as an entrepreneur? 1. You probably don't need that other co-founder. 2. Fundraising is exactly like dating. 3. You're going to need more whiteboards than you think.   Full bio Kate is a growth expert, startup founder, tech nerd, and social media aficionado. Kate attended Brown University and worked at top creative advertising agencies JWT and Publicis New York on clients: Procter & Gamble and Johnson & Johnson. Kate received her MBA at UCLA Anderson. Kate worked at innovative matchmaking startup Three Day Rule, and has been featured on numerous podcasts, panels, and tv shows. Kate has consulted and advised many startups in the Los Angeles area on growth, user acquisition, content marketing, strategy, and fundraising. Kate is a co-founder of Heartbeat and is thrilled to be able to follow her heart and empower real women every day. Heartbeat may be one of the presenters on stage pitching Marck Cuban (Maverick), Dana Settle (Greycroft), Brian Lee (Honest Company), Mike Jones (Science) and so many more at Splash LA 2016, 10/13 in Santa Monica. Register here! Register Here. Permalink <span>Send</span> Related companies, investors and entrepreneurs Heartbeat Startup/Business Description: We reward millennial women for being themselves on social media. We've built a network of 30,000 everyday millennial women who are "brand... Kate Edwards Bio: Kate is a growth expert, startup founder, tech nerd, and social media aficionado. Kate attended Brown University and worked at top creati... Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Programs Vator Investment Club The Vator Investment Club seeks startups that are changing the world through innovative technologies and clever business models.   We ... Learn more » Enter now! VatorNews Featured Stories Snapchat said to have filed a confidential IPO by Steven Loeb Apple is developing its own smart glasses by Steven Loeb Meet John Durant, General Partner at Wild Ventures by Ronny Kerr Peter Thiel's bet on Trump is paying off by Steven Loeb Election 2016: 4 new states legalize recreational cannabis by Steven Loeb When will your local pharmacy carry cannabis? by Ronny Kerr © 2012 Vator, Inc. Events About Careers Contact Directory Terms of Use Privacy Policy
null
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Wal-Mart, Apple Dominate DJIA Monday By Paul Ausick September 12, 2016 4:01 pm EST Print Email Tweet September 12, 2016: Markets opened higher Monday, turning away from overseas markets that were still feeling the effects of last Friday’s losses in U.S. markets. Three Fed officials spoke today, with 2 of the 3 counseling patience and prudence before ordering an interest rate hike. The Fed officials’ comments caused a slight dip in equity prices, but not much and not for long. All 10 sectors traded in the green Monday with telecom stocks leading the way. WTI crude oil for October delivery settled at $46.29 a barrel, up 0.9% for the day, even following a mixed report from OPEC this morning. December gold closed down 0.7% on the day to settle at $1,325.60. Equities were headed for a higher close shortly before the bell as the DJIA traded up by 1.33% for the day, the S&P 500 traded up 1.48%, and the Nasdaq Composite traded up 1.63%. The DJIA stock posting the largest daily percentage gain ahead of the close Monday was Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT) which traded up 2.62% at $72.14. The stock’s 52-week range is $70.30 to $73.19. Trading volume was less than 10% below the daily average of around 9.3 million. The world’s largest retailer had no specific news.. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) traded up 2.33% at $105.53. The stock’s 52-week range is $89.47 to $123.82. Volume was about 10% above the daily average of around 33 million shares. The company had no specific news Monday. The Procter & Gamble Co. (NYSE: PG) traded up 2.16% at $88.10. The stock’s 52-week range is $67.33 to $88.87. Volume was about equal to the daily average of around 9 million shares. The company had no specific news. The Coca-Cola Co. (NYSE: KO) traded up 2.08% at $43.15. The stock’s 52-week range is $37.85 to $47.13. Volume was about equal to the daily average of around 11.5 million shares. The company had no specific news Monday. Of the 29 Dow index stocks 29 are on track to close higher Monday and just one (DuPont) is set to close lower. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Risk Of Recession Moves Higher Kroger, Whole Foods in Monday’s 52-Week Low Club » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, market close, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), Coca-Cola (NYSE:KO), Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG), Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Cities With the Highest Poverty Rates America's Poorest Cities 50 Worst Cities to Live In Powerball Lottery Has Now Hit $320 Million: 12 Things Not to Do If You Win The Safest States in America Recent A Single Quake Could Shake Both Ends of California Texas Jobs Market May Be Signaling Decent News for the Oil Patch Impinj Gears Up for Secondary Offering Citigroup, Apple No Longer ‘Forever’ Holdings of Saudi Prince Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search 3 Embarrassingly Cheap Dividend Stocks Johnson & Johnson Takes Aim at AbbVie 3 Top Stocks You Can Buy and Hold for the Next Decade U.S. stocks turn lower; major indexes down about 0.2% Treasury yields turn higher; 10-year up 0.7 basis point at 2.308% U.S. leading economic indicators rise 0.1% in October Surging Earnings Estimates Signal Good News for NVIDIA (NVDA) Surging Earnings Estimates Signal Good News for Ocwen Financial (OCN) Increased Earnings Estimates Seen for Melco Crown (MPEL): Can It Move Higher? A $1 million bet: Anatomy of a high-end house flip Dow breaks below 18K, as China, Fed fears weigh Billionaires had a rough year in 2015 - relatively Stocks Flat as Dollar Continues Rise; Nasdaq Hits Intraday Record Brookfield Asset proposes to take 50-60 percent stake in TerraForm Power Are Under Armour's Expensive Sponsorships Worth the Cost? Amazon Tackles Islamophobia In Heartwarming Christmas Ad Dollar Charges To 14-Year High, Bond Tantrum In Full Swing How To Know When To Dial Your Confidence Up—Or Down Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2016 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us י"ז חשון תשע"ז   |   Friday, November 18, 2016 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business U.S. Stocks Leap as Investors Hope for Steady Interest Rates U.S. Stocks Leap as Investors Hope for Steady Interest Rates Monday, September 12, 2016 at 7:51 pm | ט' אלול תשע"ו NEW YORK (AP) - U.S. stocks surged Monday after a Federal Reserve official said the central bank shouldn’t raise interest rates too soon, which came as a big relief to investors. After a market nosedive on Friday, investors bought safe investments like household goods makers and phone companies. Technology companies also jumped. Stocks started the day lower following Friday’s drop, but they soon rallied. Investors were pleased when Lael Brainard, a member of the Federal Reserve board, said the Fed shouldn’t raise interest rates quickly because that could hurt the economy. The biggest gains went to safe investments that pay big dividends, as they are more enticing to investors when interest rates and bond yields are low. Stocks had plunged Friday following remarks from another Fed official that suggested interest rates could go up next week. David Kelly, chief global strategist for JPMorgan Funds, said he thinks Federal Reserve policymakers seem “noncommittal” and aren’t sure if they should raise interest rates now or not. In his opinion, the Fed’s cautious attitude toward raising interest rates even a little is causing strong market reactions. “The more cautious they are, the more sensitive the market becomes,” he said. The Dow Jones industrial average jumped 239.62 points, or 1.3 percent, to 18,325.07. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index rose 31.23 points, or 1.5 percent, to 2,159.04. The Nasdaq composite surged 85.98 points, or 1.7 percent, to 5,211.89. The gains in the main three U.S. indexes made up for more than half of Friday’s losses. As investors sought safe-play picks, retail giant Wal-Mart rose $1.64, or 2.3 percent, to $71.94 and Procter & Gamble gained $2.01, or 2.3 percent, to $88.25. Phone companies also rose and AT&T gained $1, or 2.5 percent, to $40.71. Those stocks took some of the biggest losses Friday. HP agreed to buy Samsung’s printer business for $1.05 billion, and HP stock rose 54 cents, or 3.9 percent, to $14.49. That helped take technology stocks higher. Elsewhere, Apple rose $2.31, or 2.2 percent, to $105.44 and communications chip maker Broadcom picked up $3.70, or 2.3 percent, to $164.48. Canadian companies Agrium and Potash Corp. of Saskatchewan agreed to combine into the world’s largest crop nutrient company. The companies value their combined business at $36 billion, and Potash shareholders will own a majority of stock in the new company. Potash stock lost 21 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $16.76 and Agrium dipped $2.57, or 2.7 percent, to $92.64. Markets overseas took sharp losses following the rout in the U.S. Friday. Germany’s DAX fell 1.3 percent while the CAC-40 in France also lost 1.2 percent. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares gave up 1.1 percent. Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 index lost 1.7 percent and South Korea’s Kospi slid 2.3 percent. In Hong Kong the Hang Seng shed 3.4 percent. U.S. stocks had plunged late last week after Federal Reserve Bank of Boston President Eric Rosengren said there’s a case to be made the U.S. central bank should raise rates sooner rather than later. Investors are not sure if the central bank will raise interest rates, and they’re not sure the economy is healthy enough to handle that. Higher rates threaten stocks by making interest-paying savings accounts and bonds more attractive to investors. They could also ding corporate earnings by raising companies’ borrowing costs. Filed under: Dow Jones, S&P, Stocks Print Email Gmail Related U.S. Stocks Slump as Traders Fear Higher Interest Rates Stocks Are Jolted Higher as Fed Keeps Interest Rates Steady Stocks End Modestly Higher After Fed Holds Rates Steady  Reassurances From Fed on Interest Rates Send Stocks Higher  Higher Interest Rates Talk Spooks Stocks Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition More in Business Asian Shares Mixed, Nikkei Up as Yellen Remarks Lift Dollar Business Briefs – November 17, 2016 Bank Stocks Surge Again, Leading Broader Market Higher Ex-Valeant, Philidor Execs Arrested for Fraud, Conspiracy Arkansas High Court Bars Union From Protesting at Wal-Mart OP-ED On Seeking Counsel Hillary Clinton Wasn’t The Only Big Election Loser A Common Sense Regulation Where Do We Go From Here? Democracy or Anarchy? Media Cutting Off the Branch It’s Sitting On After the Election Michael Bloomberg or Bruce Rauner? Glimmer of Light in a Dark Campaign The Day After How The New Republican Majority Can Succeed The Sleep Incentive Democrats in Congress Should Try Cooperation A Seriously Trumped-Up Charge Features Mishmeres HaSholom: Ask the Rav Life Saver Insights Into Salt Brilliant Torah Insights From Harav Yissocher Dov Rokeach, Zy”a This Day In History 17 Cheshvan/November 18 הרה”ק רבי ישכר דב מבעלזא זי”ע Sudoku – November 18, 2016 Nichum Aveilim 17 Cheshvan/November 18 Editorial Cartoon – November 18, 2016 Hot And Cold Are Dairy Fats Different? Maybe You Don’t Really Need to Drink So Much Water Every Day Brown, Blond or Red? This Day In History 16 Cheshvan/November 17 Weather » Brooklyn 54°F Sunny See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 5,320.99 -12.98 (-0.24%) S&P 500 2,182.14 -4.98 (-0.23%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9444 GBP 0.8115 ILS 3.8761 CHF 1.0089 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
LIVE CHAT We're here to help. Would you like to chat now? Chat now X Not now
Skip to main content The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results AMA Print Edition Radio Masters of Business Search form Search Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results AMA Print Edition Radio Masters of Business . While you were sleeping: UPDATED US stocks bounce back as rate fears ease  Margreet Dietz Tuesday September 13, 2016 2 Share US Federal Reserve Governor Lael Brainard Play NBR radio on Scroll for video below Wall Street bounced back from Friday's rout, which ended two months of summer calm. The rebound came after comments by US Federal Reserve Governor Lael Brainard bolstered bets the central bank won't raise interest rates next week. "In today's new normal, the costs to the economy of greater than expected strength in demand are likely to be lower than the costs of significant unexpected weakness," Ms Brainard said. "This asymmetry in risk management in today's new normal counsels prudence in the removal of policy." The Federal Open Market Committee, of which Ms Brainard is a permanent voting member, begins its next two-day meeting on September 20. Traders reduced their expectations for a September rate hike to 15% from 24% on Friday and for a December hike to 54.5% from 59.2%, Reuters reported, citing the CME Group's FedWatch tool. US stocks bounce back after Brainard eases rate hike fears: pic.twitter.com/6JtvXBAMPC — NBR (@TheNBR) September 12, 2016 Wall Street breathed a sigh of relief. At the close, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rallied 239.62 points, or 1.3%, to 18,325.04, while the Nasdaq Composite Index climbed 1.7% to 5211.89. In 2.53pm trading, the Standard & Poor's 500 Index advanced 1.5% to 2159.04, its biggest gain since July 8. Gains in shares of Wal-Mart and Procter & Gamble, up 2.3% and 2.3% respectively, led the Dow higher. Treasury yields rise US Treasurys briefly rose on Ms Brainard's comments, then fell, pushing yields on the benchmark 10-year note one basis point higher to 1.671%. "She didn't change the tone of what she had been saying much, and I think the snap rally was only because the market may have been preparing for a hawkish surprise," New York-based BMO Capital Markets Corp a fixed-income strategist Aaron Kohli told Bloomberg. BMO is one of the Fed's 23 primary dealers. In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index ended the session with a drop of 1% from the previous close. The UK's FTSE 100 Index declined 1.1%, France's CAC 40 index fell 1.2%, while Germany's DAX index slid 1.3%. In the latest round of merger and acquisition activity, Canada's Potash Corp of Saskatchewan and Agrium agreed to merge to create the world's largest crop nutrient company. Following the close of the transaction, expected during mid-2017, Potash Corp shareholders will own about 52% of the new company, and Agrium shareholders will own the remainder. Agrium shares traded 2.6% lower at 2.12pm in Toronto, while Potash Corp shares traded 1 % weaker at 2.06pm in Toronto. "This deal has some real antitrust concerns," Seth Bloom, a US Justice Department veteran who is now at Bloom Strategic Consulting, told Reuters. (BusinessDesk) Click the hamburger symbol top right of our homepage to access the Rich List 2016 and other sections. 2 · Got a question about this story? Leave it in Comments & Questions below. This article is tagged with the following keywords. Find out more about MyNBR Tags while you were sleeping Related Articles:  NZ dollar gains as Fed's Brainard warns against hiking US rates too early Tue 13 Sep 16 2 Comments & Questions Commenter icon key: Subscriber Verified #1 by Anonymous2 2 months ago ... what more supports the adage, "nothing to fear except fear itself" than the erratic market behaviour, encouraged by contradictory utterances of the various branches of the Fed. Fear not, there's very very low probability of a Fed rate hike before November 8, and a low probability before the end of the year and the next administration ascending the throne. It pays the Fed to generate noise to continue the facade that they are in control, they are not. Nor is our RBNZ which is just a responder to indeterminate events. The only thing that RBNZ can do is to shore up our defences and hope for the best, that's the state of the practice of economics today. Reply Share Share   0 0 by The Moose 2 months ago in reply to Anonymous2 Hear hear. Fed throws out a jawbone, market picks it up and runs away to the downside with it, Fed immediately retraces steps to pick up said bone and throw it in the right direction, market goes up again. One manipulating the other. Unbelievable, really. Reply Share Share   0 0 Post New comment or question Your name Comment * More information about text formats Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. Home page NZ Market Snapshot Forex Sym Price Change USD 0.7039 0.0021 0.30% AUD 0.9556 0.0071 0.75% EUR 0.6639 0.0027 0.41% GBP 0.5703 0.0043 0.76% HKD 5.4578 0.0145 0.27% JPY 77.7020 0.2280 0.29% Commods Commodity Price Change Time Gold Index 1216.9 -8.490 2016-11-17T00: Oil Brent 47.6 -0.160 2016-11-17T00: Oil Nymex 46.0 -0.180 2016-11-17T00: Silver Index 16.8 -0.160 2016-11-17T00: Indices Symbol Open High Last % NZX 50 6814.7 6867.1 6814.7 0.63% NASDAQ 5341.0 5346.8 5334.0 -0.26% DAX 10735.0 10738.0 10685.5 -0.04% DJI 18905.3 18915.7 18903.8 -0.19% FTSE 6794.7 6811.6 6794.7 -0.28% HKSE 22239.2 22374.4 22262.9 0.37% NI225 18024.2 18043.7 17862.6 0.59% ASX 5338.5 5366.4 5338.5 0.39% Most Popular Read Quake day five: Wellington Council CEO says more cordons likely Cooks Global Foods tries to raise $6m for Chinese expansion Editor's Insight: Buffett changes mind on airlines, piles into US shares Xero opening Hawke's Bay office, local MPs sense opportunity Ryman head: Huge gains from revalued property unlikely to be seen again Commented $20b defence plan includes new frigates, cyber protection Brian Tamaki – saint or sinner? EQC defends Christchurch repairs as Labour candidate calls for royal commission Quake day three: Molesworth St building to be demolished; quake upgraded to 7.8 Veritas shareholders vent spleen at Mad Butcher, Nosh performance Most listened to What's the story behind the story? Our special feature audio offers a mix of comment from journalists, experts and panel discussions. Business Week in Review with Andrew Patterson and Grant Walker Wellington Mayor Justin Lester and CEO Kevin Lavery speak to media about earthquake response Steel & Tube CEO Dave Taylor on his company's problems and prospects Nevil Gibson's weekly travel roundup includes new budget airline and more Israel options NZ Post building declared structurally sound, but not ready to be occupied Only available on Features NBR Rich List Full results and analysis of the 2016 NBR Rich List People Scene Catching people out and about Appointments People in business NBR Special Report Our reporters examine what’s happening in industry sectors The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Share Copyright Notice Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions RSS feeds Share width="1" height="1" alt="" /> While you were sleeping: UPDATED US stocks bounce back as rate fears ease 
Contact Newsagent Login Business Search Scoop     WIRES: SCOOPS PARLIAMENT POLITICS REGIONAL BUSINESS SCI-TECH WORLD CULTURE EDUCATION HEALTH SECTIONS: HOME COMMENT MULTIMEDIA NZ POLITICS BIZ & SCI/TECH WORLD LIFESTYLE ARCHIVES MOST READ VIDEO Video | Agriculture | Confidence | Economy | Energy | Employment | Finance | Media | Property | RBNZ | Science | SOEs | Tax | Technology | Telecoms | Tourism | Transport | Search    Related  Email  Print Scoop >> Business Tweet While you were sleeping: Brainard eases hike fears Tuesday, 13 September 2016, 7:41 am Article: BusinessDesk While you were sleeping: Brainard eases hike fears Sept. 13 (BusinessDesk) - Wall Street climbed after comments by US Federal Reserve Governor Lael Brainard bolstered bets the central bank won’t raise interest rates next week. “In today's new normal, the costs to the economy of greater-than-expected strength in demand are likely to be lower than the costs of significant unexpected weakness,” Brainard said in prepared remarks for a speech in Chicago. “This asymmetry in risk management in today's new normal counsels prudence in the removal of policy accommodation counsels prudence in the removal of policy accommodation.” The Federal Open Market Committee, of which Brainard is a permanent voting member, begins its next two-day meeting on September 20. Traders reduced their expectations for a September rate hike to 15 percent from 24 percent on Friday and for a December hike to 54.5 percent from 59.2 percent, Reuters reported, citing the CME Group's FedWatch tool. Wall Street breathed a sigh of relief. In 3.08pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rallied 1.3 percent, while the Nasdaq Composite Index climbed 1.6 percent. In 2.53pm trading, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index advanced 1.5 percent. Gains in shares of Wal-Mart and those of Procter & Gamble, last up 2.3 percent and 2.2 percent respectively, led the Dow higher. US Treasures briefly rose on Brainard’s comments, then fell, pushing yields on the benchmark 10-year note one basis point higher to 1.68 percent at 1.45pm New York time. “She didn’t change the tone of what she had been saying much, and I think the snap rally was only because the market may have been preparing for a hawkish surprise,” Aaron Kohli at BMO Capital Markets Corp, a fixed-income strategist in New York at BMO, one of the Fed’s 23 primary dealers, told Bloomberg. In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index ended the session with a drop of 1 percent from the previous close. The UK’s FTSE 100 Index declined 1.1 percent, France’s CAC 40 index fell 1.2 percent, while Germany’s DAX index slid 1.3 percent. In the latest round of merger and acquisition activity, Canada’s Potash Corp of Saskatchewan and Agrium agreed to merge to create the world’s largest crop nutrient company. Following the close of the transaction, expected during mid-2017, Potash Corp shareholders will own about 52 percent of the new company, and Agrium shareholders will own the remainder. Agrium shares traded 2.6 percent lower as of 2.12pm in Toronto, while Potash Corp shares last traded 1 percent weaker as of 2.06pm in Toronto. "This deal has some real antitrust concerns," Seth Bloom, a US Justice Department veteran who is now at Bloom Strategic Consulting, told Reuters. (BusinessDesk) © Scoop Media BusinessDesk Independent, Trustworthy New Zealand Business News The Wellington-based BusinessDesk team led by former Bloomberg Asian top editor Jonathan Underhill and Qantas Award-winning journalist and commentator Pattrick Smellie provides a daily news feed for a serious business audience. CONTACT BUSINESSDESK Email - editor@businessdesk.co.nz   Tweet         Business Headlines | Sci-Tech Headlines BUSINESS, SCIENCE & TECH > >   Geographical Indications Bill Passes: Wine Industry Welcomes New Legislation “Our ‘Geographical Indications’ - the names and places where our wines come from - are at the very heart of the New Zealand wine story and this new law provides an additional level of protection for them.” More>> ALSO: NZ Govt - Good news for wine and spirit industries NZ First - Geographical Indicators Bill Patronises Maori Spirits NZ - Spirits NZ Welcomes Passage of Geographic Indicators Bill The Price Of Cheese: Appeal Court Turns Down Fonterra Bid To Keep Inferior Terms Fonterra Cooperative Group has lost its bid to overturn a High Court ruling against inferior terms offered to the suppliers of the failed New Zealand Dairies Ltd business in South Canterbury. More>> ALSO: NZ Court of Appeal - Judgment: Fonterra v McIntyre and Williamson Investment: 'Nil-All Draw' In NZX Vs Ralec Verdict Neither Ralec nor NZX will get a payout from their seven-year High Court dispute, with Justice Robert Dobson ruling that both sides' claims were valid but neither could demonstrate a financial impact if things had been different.More>> ALSO: BusinessDesk - Former NZX boss Weldon 'Bullied' Clear vendor, judge rules NZ High Court - High Court decision - NZX Ltd v Ralec Commodities Pty Ltd Easing Ending? RBNZ's Wheeler Cuts OCR Reserve Bank governor Graeme Wheeler cut the official cash rate to a new record low to try to stoke inflation in an economy growing ahead of expectations and signalled the end of the easing cycle. The kiwi dollar gained after the statement. More>> ALSO: BusinessDesk - RBNZ's Wheeler has 'open mind' on currency intervention Reserve Bank - Official Cash Rate reduced to 1.75 percent Media: Commerce Commission Initial Decision To Decline NZME/Fairfax Merger The Commission has assessed the impact of the merger on competition in both advertising and reader markets for a number of media platforms as well as the overall impact on quality and plurality (diversity of voices). More>> ALSO: BusinessDesk - NZME shares slump to new low - Concentration of NZME, Fairfax tie-up a concern - NZME, Fairfax NZ merger in trouble in ComCom draft decision Labour - ComCom merger decline a win for media diversity E tu - Union welcomes draft decision to reject NZME-Fairfax merger Simpson Grierson - Stance on NZME/Fairfax merger bound to be highly contentious Out-Link - Tim Murphy: The StuffMe merger is stuffed | The Spinoff Inflation: Those With Lowest Living Standards Face Highest Price Rises CTU: In the year to September, while a typical household experienced price increases of 0.1 percent, the lowest spending households saw prices rise by 0.6 percent, beneficiaries by 0.8 percent and superannuitants by 0.4 percent. At the end of the scale, the highest spending households saw prices fall by 0.3 percent. More>> ALSO: Statistics NZ - Superannuitants experience highest inflation Greens - New data shows National’s two-track economy Royal Society: Increased Number Of Projects Funded In 2016 A total of 117 research projects have been allocated $65.2 million (excl. GST) of funding in this year’s Marsden Fund grants, which support New Zealand’s best investigator-initiated research in the areas of science, engineering, maths, social sciences and the humanities. More>> ALSO: NZ Govt - $65.2m in Marsden funding for NZ researchers University of Otago - Major Marsden funding for Otago researchers University of Auckland - University of Auckland celebrates Marsden fund success University of Canterbury - University of Canterbury snares 10% of Marsden Funding Massey University - Marsden funding awarded for Pacific customary land use study NZ Taxpayers' Union - Royal Society's Marsden grants an embarrassment Auckland University - Auckland medical science benefits from major grants Universities NZ - Te Pokai Tara - Universities awarded 92.5% of Marsden research funding Get More From Scoop Submit News/Press Releases To Scoop Scoop Online Community Scoop Media on Facebook Follow Scoop on Twitter Scoop YouTube Channel   LATEST HEADLINES BUSINESS SCI-TECH Sentence sends message to keep housing market honest 11:37 PM | Serious Fraud Office MTF lifts full-year sales, underlying profit falls 11:21 PM | BusinessDesk MARKET CLOSE: NZ shares rise, led by Auckland Airport 11:15 PM | BusinessDesk Ports of Auckland does deal with KiwiRail 11:14 PM | BusinessDesk NZ dollar dips below 70 US cents, as market adjusts to Trump 11:13 PM | BusinessDesk Tenon shareholders approve sale of US business 11:03 PM | BusinessDesk Four Square Raglan to the rescue with much needed water 5:18 PM | Foodstuffs Limited More   RSS Kaikoura earthquake - Expert reaction 8 5:11 PM | Science Media Centre Earthquake and tsunami, genes, and spin off to science 5:01 PM | Science Media Centre Marsden fund success for Lincoln researcher 2:12 PM | Lincoln University Unitec calls for interest in Borneo jungle experience 2:00 PM | UNITEC Earthquake damaged buildings - Expert Reaction 12:46 PM | Science Media Centre Wool as a `last line of defence’ 12:41 PM | AgResearch Funding enables digestive device progress 10:52 AM | University of Auckland More   RSS   Featured InfoPages   Bill Bennett on Tech Microsoft Surface Book one year on 14 Nov | Bill Bennett More copper criticism as Vodafone joins fixed 4G w... 12 Nov | Bill Bennett Power poles may carry fibre to bush 06 Nov | Bill Bennett Microsoft double-dipping with Outlook.com ads 06 Nov | Bill Bennett Spark, Vodafone, Chorus and the battle for fibre 05 Nov | Bill Bennett Smartwatches not ticking 30 Oct | Bill Bennett Wireless — a drop in the data ocean 29 Oct | Bill Bennett More   RSS   BUSINESS.scoop Valuecruncher Sentence sends message to keep housing market hone... 9:37 PM | admin South Island highways update – 7:00pm Friday 18 No... 9:29 PM | admin Kaikoura Emergency Access Road remains closed 9:23 PM | admin MTF lifts full-year sales, underlying profit falls 9:21 PM | admin MARKET CLOSE: NZ shares rise, led by Auckland Airp... 9:15 PM | admin Ports of Auckland does deal with KiwiRail 9:14 PM | admin NZ dollar dips below 70 US cents, as market adjust... 9:13 PM | admin More   RSS News Alerts Valuecruncher data feeds 4:18 AM | The Crunch Updated Valuecruncher Dataset 02 Feb | The Crunch Guest Post – Andrew Smith on Apple (AAPL) 25 Nov | The Crunch Woodward Research provides free equity research re... 25 Nov | The Crunch Some quick thoughts on the LinkedIn ($LNKD) IPO 20 May | The Crunch Company of the Day Tweets – 30 December 2010 30 Dec | The Crunch NZX (New Zealand) Company of the Day Tweets – 30 D... 30 Dec | The Crunch More   RSS News Alerts     Powershop Loudhailer 1. Powershop and Pulse big winners of electricity customer switch 2. Stuff.co.nz: Stable power prices expected 3. Stuff.co.nz: Force against Powershop over Darth Vader image 4. Stuff.co.nz: Powershop 6th Fastest Growing Company in Asia Pacific 5. Forbes.com: Powershop - The eBay of Electricity by Tony Seba 6. NZ Herald: Powershop Tops Rankings For Consumer Satisfaction (Again)     Business SciTech Section Blogroll Business Business.scoop - Jonathan Underhill and Pattrick Smellie The Main Report - Trends In NZ Business NZ Transport Intelligence Briefing Profitable Agri-Business Farming News 2011 Election Results Graphic - NZ Election Results - 2011 NZ Election Results - 2011 NZ General Election Results Finance NZ Dollar/US Graph NZ & AUS Shares JP Yen/US Dollar Graph Global Share Markets Global Currencies Oil Futures Spot Gold Science Weather Underground Te Papa's Blog Technology GPS fleet management ReadWriteWeb - Web Apps, Web Technology Trends, Social Networking & Social Media Other Links New Fisher & Paykel kitchen appliances Business Management Training Courses Scoop Newsagent Media Monitoring Email Alerts Media Tracking     Contact Newsagent Login Business Search Scoop       Scoop.co.nz About Us Contact Submit News Services Advertise Newsagent Subscribe Login Scoop on Facebook Scoop on Twitter Scoop - Mobile Site Headline Wires Scoops Parliament Politics Regional Business Sci-Tech World Culture Education Health Sections Comment Multimedia NZ Politics Biz & Sci/Tech World Lifestyle Video Specialist Sites InfoPages TechLab Werewolf Gordon Campbell Business Scoop Pacific Scoop Gaza Scoop Auckland Scoop Wellington Scoop Community Scoop Parliament Today Advertising Scoop Search Scoop Scoop Media Cartel Scoop Public Address The Standard Theatreview LiveNews Pundit SpareRoom The Big Idea © Scoop Media |  Terms of Use |  Privacy Policy | Feedback  
Contact Newsagent Login Scoop Search MARKETS Sharemarket Finance Company Results Real Estate SOEs ECONOMY Economy Reserve Bank Confidence Commerce Industrial Relations Employers Employment Statistics Taxation Trade Agreements Treasury INDUSTRY Agriculture Horticulture Fisheries Forestry Manufacturing Telecommunications Computing & Internet Media Retail Liquor Transport Tourism ENERGY Oil Coal Alternative Energy Electricity Gas Energy Policy Scoop Homepage | BizSciTech Homepage | Business Headlines | Business Most Read | Sci-Tech Headlines | Sci-Tech Most Read Powered by scoop.co.nz Tweet While you were sleeping: Brainard eases hike fears 7:41 September 13, 2016ArticleComments Off on While you were sleeping: Brainard eases hike fears Article – BusinessDesk Sept. 13 (BusinessDesk) – Wall Street climbed after comments by US Federal Reserve Governor Lael Brainard bolstered bets the central bank wont raise interest rates next week. While you were sleeping: Brainard eases hike fears Sept. 13 (BusinessDesk) – Wall Street climbed after comments by US Federal Reserve Governor Lael Brainard bolstered bets the central bank won’t raise interest rates next week. “In today’s new normal, the costs to the economy of greater-than-expected strength in demand are likely to be lower than the costs of significant unexpected weakness,” Brainard said in prepared remarks for a speech in Chicago. “This asymmetry in risk management in today’s new normal counsels prudence in the removal of policy accommodation counsels prudence in the removal of policy accommodation.” The Federal Open Market Committee, of which Brainard is a permanent voting member, begins its next two-day meeting on September 20. Traders reduced their expectations for a September rate hike to 15 percent from 24 percent on Friday and for a December hike to 54.5 percent from 59.2 percent, Reuters reported, citing the CME Group’s FedWatch tool. Wall Street breathed a sigh of relief. In 3.08pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rallied 1.3 percent, while the Nasdaq Composite Index climbed 1.6 percent. In 2.53pm trading, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index advanced 1.5 percent. Gains in shares of Wal-Mart and those of Procter & Gamble, last up 2.3 percent and 2.2 percent respectively, led the Dow higher. US Treasures briefly rose on Brainard’s comments, then fell, pushing yields on the benchmark 10-year note one basis point higher to 1.68 percent at 1.45pm New York time. “She didn’t change the tone of what she had been saying much, and I think the snap rally was only because the market may have been preparing for a hawkish surprise,” Aaron Kohli at BMO Capital Markets Corp, a fixed-income strategist in New York at BMO, one of the Fed’s 23 primary dealers, told Bloomberg. In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index ended the session with a drop of 1 percent from the previous close. The UK’s FTSE 100 Index declined 1.1 percent, France’s CAC 40 index fell 1.2 percent, while Germany’s DAX index slid 1.3 percent. In the latest round of merger and acquisition activity, Canada’s Potash Corp of Saskatchewan and Agrium agreed to merge to create the world’s largest crop nutrient company. Following the close of the transaction, expected during mid-2017, Potash Corp shareholders will own about 52 percent of the new company, and Agrium shareholders will own the remainder. Agrium shares traded 2.6 percent lower as of 2.12pm in Toronto, while Potash Corp shares last traded 1 percent weaker as of 2.06pm in Toronto. “This deal has some real antitrust concerns,” Seth Bloom, a US Justice Department veteran who is now at Bloom Strategic Consulting, told Reuters. (BusinessDesk) Content Sourced from scoop.co.nz Original url  Print This Post Tweet     Blogroll China Economic Scan Compare house prices Deposit Rates Direct Broking – NZX & ASX Trading & Prices Findata – Market Data Good Returns Herald Business Interest.co.nz – Interest Rates News & Views National Business Review Property Talk Sharechat Stuff Business Value Cruncher – NZX Latest Business news Sentence sends message to keep housing market honest South Island highways update – 7:00pm Friday 18 November Kaikoura Emergency Access Road remains closed MTF lifts full-year sales, underlying profit falls MARKET CLOSE: NZ shares rise, led by Auckland Airport Ports of Auckland does deal with KiwiRail NZ dollar dips below 70 US cents, as market adjusts to Trump Tenon shareholders approve sale of US business Four Square Raglan to the rescue with much needed water Kaibosh evacuated but trucking on Kaikoura earthquake – Expert reaction 8 Once ‘Bad’ Russia is Now ‘Good’ as PM Flip Flops Again Earthquake and tsunami, genes, and spin off to science MPI boosts surveillance around Kaikoura coast Kiwis rally in support of Vodafone boost Text Links Recent Comments Lan: Unbelievable that a WEST AUSTR... jackp: Murray, when Key is involved t... Murray Guy: There are no boundaries when i... Lan: Canada & EU do it..Bryce ... Lan: I read somewhere that they do ... Simon Johnson: The former Department of Labou... Andrew P Nichols: Long overdue. Nowhere else in ... Rafi: I look forward to Mr Lees-Gall... Kevin McMahon: Yes, good on Lord Monckton. ... Bee: How do you think Kim Jon Key m... Categories Article Column Opinion PressRelease Uncategorized Monthly Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 November 1999 Feeds RSS Posts RSS Comments Scoop Business © 2016 | Powered by Scoop Media | Terms of Use
null

Freitag, 18.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Skin Lighteners Market in APAC to Grow at 10% CAGR with Increasing Demand for Anti-Aging Products: Technavio 12.09.2016 | 20:43 (6 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Business Wire·Mehr Nachrichten von Business Wire Skin Lighteners Market in APAC to Grow at 10% CAGR with Increasing Demand for Anti-Aging Products: Technavio The skin lighteners market in APACis expected to grow at a CAGR of more than 10% during the forecast period, according to Technavio's latest report. In this report, Technavio covers the market outlook and growth prospects of the skin lightenersmarket in APAC for 2016-2020. Based on product type, the market is classified into two segments: face care and body care. In 2015, the face care segment dominated the market with over 70% of the overall market share. According to Brijesh Kumar Choubey, a lead analyst at Technavio for research on cosmeticsandtoiletry, "Vendors are also increasing their online presence by launching various campaigns. They also hire celebrity brand ambassadors to endorse their products. Such initiatives have increased the popularity and ownership of their brands among the consumers. Social media platforms like Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube are also becoming powerful advertising avenues The key leading countries in the skin lighteners market in APAC are as follows: Japan China India Demand for anti-aging products driving market growth in Japan Japan is one of the fastest growing markets for skin lightening products driven by the demand for anti-aging products. Japan accounted for almost 30% of the beauty and personal care productsof the APAC market. The US is the second largest exporter of cosmetics to Japan followed by France. Individuals who are 30 years and above are being targeted by skincare product manufacturers through products like Wrinkle Smoother 35+ from Garnier. Japanese women over the age of 30 are expected to account for more the half of the beauty and personal care sector consumers in the country. It is also observed that Japanese women spend more on skincare products as compared to other women around the world. Japanese consumers are very specific about the quality and safety of the products they purchase. Under skincare products, skin lightening, anti-aging, and moisturizing were the major segments in the country. Request a sample report: http://www.technavio.com/request-a-sample?report=52630 Technavio's sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report including the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more. Skincare products have experienced the fastest growth rate in China "Compared to other product segments, the sales of skincare products have experienced the fastest growth rate in recent years in China. Domestic products are more price competitive than imported products. Creams and lotions had the largest sales volume followed by face wash and body wash in 2015," says Brijesh. Products such as whitening creams, moisturizers, and sun blocks are popular among male consumers in China. In addition, the increase in awareness of skin lightening products along with the rise in affluence has added to the growth of the market in the country. Affluent customers are ready to spend more on premium skin lightening products as these products are perceived to give better results. There are more than 3,000 cosmetic enterprises registered in China, with over 25,000 brands. Of all these brands, over 550 come from foreign countries such as France, the US, South Korea, and Japan. International players have been successful in increasing brand awareness among Chinese consumers, more so as Chinese consumers value international brands more. India: shift from functional products to more advanced and specialized cosmetic products In India, the premium global brands are increasing sales, as consumers are moving from functional products to more advanced and specialized cosmetic products. India is one of the growing consumer markets in the world, moving from unorganized informal market to organized retail. The demand for imported cosmetics product in India is driven by the emergence of a young urban population with increasing disposable income, along with a rise in the number of working women, and changing lifestyle-oriented and luxury products. Many international players like Revlon, Avon, Burberry,Calvin Klein, Cartier, Christian Dior, Estée Lauder, Elizabeth Arden, Lancôme, Chambor, Coty,L'Oréal, and Oriflame are marking their presence in the market. With an increase in the number of international brands entering India, the competition has increased for popular domestic brands like Lakmé The top vendors in the skin lighteners market in APAC highlighted in the report are: Beiersdorf Estée Lauder L'Oréal P&G Shiseido Unilever Browse Related Reports: Global Online Beauty and Personal Care Market 2016-2020 Global Skin Care Products Market 2016-2020 Global Night Skin Care Products Market 2016-2020 Do you need a report on a market in a specific geographical cluster or country but can't find what you're looking for? Don't worry, Technavio also takes client requests. Please contact enquiry@technavio.com with your requirements and our analysts will be happy to create a customized report just for you. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160912005370/en/ Contacts: Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com © 2016 Business Wire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage

Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. IndiatimesThe Times of IndiaThe Economic TimesMore More Sign In / Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus Linked In RSS YouTube Corporate Trends Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio News Defence Mobility & WeaponsEquipment & OrdnanceCommunication & CyberMultimediaAnalysis & Geo-StrategyInternal SecurityIndustryPeopleInternationalPolicy & Govt Company Industry Economy AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy Politics and Nation International BusinessWorld News India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives Sports More SciencePress ReleasesEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented Corporate TrendsDeals You are here: ET Home›News›Company›Corporate Trends 04:05 PM | 18 Novmarket stats SENSEX 26,150-77.38 NIFTY 50 8,074-5.85 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,891-240.00 USD/INR 68.130.30 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - Hindi GUJ - Gujarati MAR - Marathi BEN - Bengali KAN - Kannada ORI - Oriya TEL - Telugu TAM - Tamil Sensex ends 77 points lower; Nifty50 hits 6-month low to end at 8,074 Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Reliance Jio vs Bharti Airtel: Corporate duels in the 21st century By Malini Goyal, ET Bureau | Updated: Sep 12, 2016, 10.27 PM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Sunil Bharti Mittal | Reliance Jio | Jio | HUL | corporate | Bharti Airtel | 4G network Corporate history is littered with marquee rivalries. Boeing vs Airbus. HUL vs P&G. Nike vs Adidas. Ford vs GM. RELATED COMPANIES EXPAND ADD TO Portfolio Watchlist OUTLOOK? +ve -ve HUL x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ Bharti Airtel x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ Great rivalries make great stories. But for multiple reasons, corporate duels no longer feel the same in the digital-led 21st century. Corporate rivalries make battles interesting. There is one playing out in the telecom sector right now. Bharti Airtel's Sunil Bharti Mittal is readying for a fierce and bruising battle with Mukesh Ambani who has just rolled out Reliance Jio 4G network. In the works since 2010, Ambani has already ploughed in $16 billion - supposedly the biggest greenfield project in India - to get started. This is the second time the two telecom czars are dueling. The first battle was fought in early 2000s. Mittal is now pacing up to match Ambani's offensive. He will be investing over $9 billion in the next three years to beef up Airtel's network. Rivalries make things difficult. But they also help in multiple ways. For one, they help in rallying the troops. A great rivalry can charge up the team, bringing lot of energy, emotions and passion in a dull, brutal mercenary game of bottomlines and toplines. Good rivals can bring out the best in you. Novak Djokovic recently admitted that while it was tough to be playing in an era dominated by tennis stars Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal, But also, he admitted said, it were these great rivalries that played a big part in shaping his successful tennis career. Airtel's Mittal too admitted to The Financial Times in a recent interview "If Reliance was not there on the horizon the pace of our rollout would have been slower." Competition is a byword in the corporate world. Everybody deals with them. But some rivalries are special. They are not just rivalries. They are made of bigger stuff. They go far beyond. Part of the folklore where they are lived, ritualised and instilled as part of the corporate DNA - inside and outside the corporate office. If you have worked with Pepsi or Coca-Cola, you would know. Consuming the rival's product is a strict no-no. Doing it in public is a professional hara-kiri. Once upon a time, Korean giants LG and Samsung had that very special place for each other. The unwritten rule then was that no Samsung employees can use LG product and vice versa. The story goes that when Samsung hired Pradeep Tognatta in early 2000s, Tognatta invited Korean Samsung executives home for dinner. The Koreans found LG ACs installed at Tognatta's home. Soon, Samsung honchos got Samsung ACs delivered to his place to replace the LG ACs. Corporate history is littered with marquee rivalries. Boeing vs Airbus. HUL vs P&G. Nike vs Adidas. Ford vs GM. But there are many reasons why corporate duels in the 21st century does not feel the same any more. Old ones like Coca-Cola and Pepsi are losing their fizz. And you don't see many new iconic ones make headlines. For a variety of reasons, the world of marquee duels is changing. Here are a few ways in which corporate duels are getting a new makeover in the digital era. Competition from the garage: In the digital world, growing up on heavy doses of innovation and lot lesser cash, companies like Google know that it's the guy somewhere in the garage who will give them competition. This has happened in sector after sector. Whoever thought Walmart will face heat from Amazon. Or a young Silicon Valley company like Tesla could give American and German car makers such a tough competition. Shorter business cycles: Volatility in the corporate has risen sharply. Think of Nokia. It first entered the mobile phone business in the 1990s. Within a decade it had become the most popular handset brand in the world. And over the next decade it lost its grip so much that it was sold to Microsoft recently. For Nokia all it took all of two decades to start afresh, rise to the top and then touch the bottom. With such volatile fortunes, MNCs do not have the luxury, resources and time to build iconic rivalries. It's a fluid corporate world: Google is a search company. But it considers Amazon as its biggest rival. For companies in the digital era, boundaries around products and services are very fuzzy and their business can often be amoeba-like growing in multiple and unpredictable directions. For a great corporate duel, existence of a sharply defined rival is critical. And that seems to be often missing in the digital era. Era of frenemies: The corporate world is increasingly lot more complex. It is very global. Dominance in one market may not easily extend to new market. Cab hailing app Uber may be a leader in the US but in China it was humbled by DiDi. Also technology is making the playing field lot more complex forcing erstwhile rivals to at times collaborate. Think of the e-reader market where Apple iPad and Amazon Kindle compete aggressively. Amazon took the bold step of making Kindle Reader available on Apple products like the iPAd and iPhone enabling its consumers to read e-books on Apple devices. In the deep-pocketed automobile world, Toyota is now partnering with luxury car maker BMW to develop a rear-wheel-drive sports car family. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! FROM AROUND THE WEB Invest in India's most successful real estate project. LODHA The Park - Worli, Mumbai Win 10gm gold coin every Sunday! Royal Brand How to Pack Light for Any Trip Citi MORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Donald Trump meets Indian partners, hails PM Modi's work Rs 2000 notes offered for Rs 1.5L on eBay Notes swap limited to Rs 2,000 from tomorrow From Around the Web More from The Economic Times The Next 14 States to Legalize Marijuana 24/7 Wall St. This Article Will Change The Way You Buy Glasses Forever GlassesUSA.com 8 Beautiful Virginia Waterfalls to Visit This Season Visit Virginia Longevity Scientists Explain What They Believe Is Key To H.. Fast Company | Elysium Health Gold ETFs see first inflow in 3.5 years NFL-National Football League roundup Donald Trump says Ford not moving US plant to Mexico Flynn's reputation: astute intelligence pro, straight talker READ MORE ON » Sunil Bharti Mittal | Reliance Jio | Jio | HUL | corporate | Bharti Airtel | 4G network Follow this section for latest news on Corporate Trends EmailRSS To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Demonetisation: Now, get Rs 2,000 cash from petrol pumps Demonetisation: Govt mulls limits on cash withdrawals, transactions for both individuals, companies Rs 60,000 is the new Rs 1 lakh in Uttar Pradesh real estate market Beware! Bank account misuse for black money can invite prosecution View: India's new strike against black money backfires More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebBudget 2017|Sensex, Nifty Live Blog Gold Rate|US Presidential Elections Live Updates Festival Guide 2016|​Google expected to unveil Pixel smartphones Live: India's surgical strikes on PoK Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.

Skip to main content area You can close this video in 5 seconds.   LIVE SMARTER THE AUTOMATOR Smart Shopping BIG QUESTIONS Lists VIDEOS QUIZZES STORE PLUS Amazing Facts Job Secrets Language Space Weather World War I Kennections LIVE SMARTER THE AUTOMATOR SMART SHOPPING BIG QUESTIONS LISTS VIDEOS QUIZZES PLUS Amazing Facts Job Secrets Language Space Weather World War I Kennections STORE See How Stackable Potato Chips (Like Pringles) Get Made Share Caitlin Schneider filed under: Food Image credit:  iStock Like us on Facebook Pringles—and other stackable chips like them—are known for their distinctive concave shape, good for making an impromptu duckbill, eating as many as you can in a single bite, or just shoveling into your mouth as is normal with all manner of endlessly snackable treats. So just how do they get that perfect curve? Machines, of course. In the video below from the Science Channel’s How It’s Made, you can see the full journey of the stackable chip (in this case, Chip Flix), from a potato-flake-and-water mix, to a big potato sheet, to a delicious fried chip. Along the way there are cutters and a rolling mold and even a real, live human being to make sure the individual pieces are as perfect as can be. The whole process only takes about 20 minutes, and while you probably already knew that these delectable creations weren’t the most natural or organic of food products, watching this might make you think twice next time you want to pop open a can. A bit of bonus canned-chip content: the name Pringles is sort of random. When Procter & Gamble introduced the snack in 1968, they wanted a name that started with a "P," so a brand manager used a Cincinnati phonebook to make a list of street names that began with the letter. Pringle Drive in Finneytown, Ohio had a nice ring to it and, more importantly, was available as a trademark. [h/t Digg] Know of something you think we should cover? Email us at tips@mentalfloss.com. More from mental_floss...  Cashew Nuts Grow Out of Crazy Apples  Why Some Civil War Soldiers Glowed in the Dark  The Genius Who Invented Brunch  106 of the Least Popular Baby Names in American History September 12, 2016 - 8:30am Share View the discussion thread. . POPULAR ON mental_floss Viewed Past: 1 day 1 week 1 month 1 year POPULAR ON mental_floss The World's Countries Swapped According to Their Population Why Is AriZona Iced Tea Cheaper Than Water? A More Accurate World Map Wins Prestigious Japanese Design Award POPULAR ON mental_floss Rid Your Feed of Fake News With This Hoax-Detecting Chrome Extension The Mysterious Case of the Skeleton in the Cylinder Father Pens Spot-On Response to Son's Permission Slip to Read 'Fahrenheit 451' POPULAR ON mental_floss 3 Dirty Songs by Mozart 12 Smart Facts About ‘Revenge of the Nerds’ Today's Top Amazon Deals Feel Like Early Black Friday Specials POPULAR ON mental_floss What Goes in the Empty Box? Match the Movie to Its Poor Description Here's Why Grape Ice Cream Isn't a Thing POPULAR ON mental_floss Name the States With No Repeated Vowels Science Proves the Supreme Power of Bassists 25 of Oscar Wilde's Wittiest Quotes POPULAR ON mental_floss What Country Eats the Most Turkey? Can Members of the Electoral College Reverse the Results of a Presidential Election? Pick the Correct Word for Each Definition NEWSLETTER A super-skimmable daily digest. Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Subscribe To Our Newsletter A super-skimmable Daily Digest filled with fun stories from our editors. About Privacy Authors RSS Terms Contact Customer Service Store ©2016 Mental Floss, Inc. All rights reserved. Mental Floss® is a registered trademark owned by Felix Dennis. mentalfloss.com is a trademark owned by Felix Dennis.
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Hair Shampoo Market 2016 Trend, Analysis and Overview ReportsWeb.com published Hair Shampoo Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. (EMAILWIRE.COM, September 12, 2016 ) Hair shampoos include those that are developed to address particular hair issues like split ends, dry hair, and frizzy hair. The need for healthy, lustrous, and well-groomed hair influences the purchasing decision of most consumers. In 2014, Herbal Essence launched its Herbal Essences Naked Volume Collection, which consists of shampoo, conditioner, dry shampoo, leave-in conditioner, and hairspray. Such innovative product offerings in this sphere will fuel the growth of the market in the coming years. Publisher's analysts forecast the global hair shampoo market to grow at a CAGR of 1.87% during the period 2016-2020. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-hair-shampoo-market-2016-2020 Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global hair shampoo market for 2016-2020. For calculating the market size, the report considers revenue generated through the retail sales of hair shampoo. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: -Americas -APAC -EMEA Publisher's report, Global Hair Shampoo Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors -Henkel -Kao -L'Oréal -P&G -Unilever Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001332847/sample Other prominent vendors -Avon -Cadiveu Professional USA -Chatters Canada -Combe -Conair -Estée Lauder -Godrej Consumer Products -Johnson & Johnson -Revlon -Shiseido -Toni & Guy -World Hair Cosmetics (Asia) Market driver -Rising frequency of shampoo use -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge -Availability of counterfeit products -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend -Vendors' tie-ups with salons -For a full, detailed list, view our report Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001332847/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016
Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Home «Back Market pares some losses Capital Market |  Sep 12, 2016 10:12 AM IST Key benchmark indices pared some losses in morning trade. At 10:16 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was down 396.06 points or 1.38% at 28,401.19. The Nifty 50 index was down 126.75 points or 1.43% at 8,739.95. Sentiment was weak due to negative global cues. The Sensex fell 545.94 points, or 1.90% at the day's low of 28,251.31 at the onset of trading session, its lowest level since 30 August 2016. The index fell 316.14 points, or 1.10% at the day's high of 28,481.11 in morning trade. The Nifty fell 167.30 points, or 1.89% at the day's low of 8,699.40 at the onset of trading session, its lowest level since 30 August 2016. The index fell 119.75 points, or 1.35% at the day's high of 8,746.95 in morning trade. The broad market depicted weakness. There were more than three losers against every gainer on BSE. 1,588 shares fell and 458 shares rose. A total of 86 shares were unchanged. The BSE Mid-Cap index was currently down 1.75%. The decline in this index was higher than the Sensex's decline in percentage terms. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently down 1.37%. The decline in this index was lower than the Sensex's decline in percentage terms. In overseas stock markets, Asian markets edged lower as investors were spooked by rising bond yields and talk the Federal Reserve might be serious about lifting US interest rates as early as next week. US stocks tumbled on Friday, 9 September 2016, as investor nervousness increased following a nuclear test by North Korea and Federal Reserve officials' comments lifted rate hike bets. North Korea conducted its fifth and biggest nuclear test on Friday, 9 September 2016, and said it had mastered the ability to mount a warhead on a ballistic missile, drawing condemnation from the United States as well as China, North Korea's main ally. Further pressure on the US equity market came after Boston Fed President Eric Rosengren said the US central bank faced increasing risks if it waited too much longer to raise interest rates. FMCG shares edged lower. Jyothy Laboratories (down 2.75%), Marico (down 2.22%), Dabur India (down 1.97%), Tata Global Beverages (down 1.97%), Bajaj Corp (down 1.72%), Godrej Consumer Products (down 1.7%), Colgate Palmolive (India) (down 1.56%), Hindustan Unilever (down 1.47%), Britannia Industries (down 1.17%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care (down 0.96%), Nestle India (down 0.92%) and GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (down 0.41%), edged lower. IT shares were mixed. MphasiS (down 1.18%), Oracle Financial Services Software (down 0.91%), MindTree (down 0.73%), Persistent Systems (down 0.47%) and TCS (down 0.19%), edged lower. HCL Technologies (up 0.03%), Hexaware Technologies (up 0.05%), Wipro (up 0.37%), Tech Mahindra (up 1.16%) and Infosys (up 1.17%), edged higher. Housing Development and Infrastructure (HDIL) fell 6.88% after consolidated net profit fell 30% to Rs 40.89 crore on 2.7% decline in total income to Rs 265.21 crore in Q1 June 2016 over Q1 June 2015. The result was announced on Saturday, 10 September 2016. HDIL said that it follows project completion method and accordingly results on quarter to quarter basis may not be comparable. Jaypee Infratech fell 5.78% after the company posted net loss of Rs 35.67 crore in Q1 June 2016 compared with net profit of Rs 20.86 crore in Q1 June 2015. Total income jumped 113.64% to Rs 1099.33 crore in Q1 June 2016 over Q1 June 2015. The result was announced on Saturday, 10 September 2016. India's stock market remains closed tomorrow, 13 September 2016, on account of Bakri Id. Powered by Capital Market - Live News Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Ad Ad Most Read Demonetisation: Get Rs 2,000 cash at petrol pumps from Nov 18 ATMs in small cities, villages will take weeks to be ready More trouble ahead as Tata Trusts get I-T summons for tax avoidance Modus Operandi: How black money hoarders are trying to escape I-T lens Ratan Tata should step down for crisis to abate: 6 suggestions from NYU's Damodaran More From Current Affairs Balkrishna Industries fixes record date for 2nd interim dividend Ramco Systems incorporates subsidiary - Ramco Systems (Shanghai) IDFC Bank allots equity shares Board of TTI Enterprise approves consolidation of shares TTI Enterprise fixes record date for consolidation of shares [ more ] Top Stories Banks to serve only their respective customers tomorrow; elderly exempted Vikram Johri: Lessons from a scandal Shekhar Gupta: The WhatsApp governance Jayalalithaa recovered from her ailment, says Apollo Hospitals chairman ATMs in small cities, villages will take weeks to be ready [ more ] Markets Cash crunch chokes off India palm oil imports MCX to levy concentration margin from December Gold quotes at huge discount, price hits 4-month low Diamond exporters eye 8-10% rise in exports in coming quarter Nifty nears 6-month low, Sensex ends 77 points lower [ more ] Companies Vikram Johri: Lessons from a scandal Bajaj commences production of 400-cc bike from Chakan plant Natco plans to double drug filings next year Infosys invests Rs 14.5 crore in Danish artificial intelligence start-up No Indian Pharma company in world Access to Medicine Index [ more ] Opinion Shekhar Gupta: The WhatsApp governance Why Gruh Finance isn't a top pick among analysts anymore? IGL's earnings to remain robust on healthy volumes T N Ninan: Our post-truths PM to crackdown on benami property next: How to clean up real estate [ more ] Latest News There aren't too many takers yet, but young students prefer to pay via the wallet: Tea-stall owner From Delhi to the world The man who bore the brunt of tipplers Humans of demonetisation Co-op banks approach RBI as PSBs limit cash flow to them [ more ] Today's Paper What will happen to H-1B visas under Donald Trump? TCS will hold EGM on Dec 13 to remove Cyrus Mistry as director Beware, taxman to watch your posts on social media Demonetisation: Govt tightens exchange of notes, eases withdrawal Mistry skips Tata Sons board meeting [ more ] News you can use Opportunities amid chaos New Balance created its PR crisis. Neo-Nazis aren't helping Gold will remain below Rs 30,000 in coming months. Here's why Be wary of buying and selling in secondary market Some relief for home buyers as more rate wars are in the offing Real estate law: Too soon to celebrate [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2THdFa2 Home Today's Paper Top Stories Demonetisation Impact Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2016 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site
Skip to main content Login Register Classifieds CarsHQ JobsHQ HomesHQ ApartmentsHQ Classifieds Marketplace Duluth News Tribune Search Search Sections Home news Headlines Roads starting to get icy over the hill in the Duluth area Northland storm-related closings for Friday, Nov. 18 Lost hunter found in St. Louis County Wicked, wintry conditions on tap for today in the Northland Bygones for Nov. 18 More Topics crime education health iron range politics st louis county superior business Headlines I Lake It angles for lake lovers Frozen-food giant Bellisio Foods, founded in Duluth, bought for $1 billion National Bank of Commerce to buy stake in Republic Bank New wood-pellet plant in Arkansas eyed by officials in northern Minnesota Permit approved for Minnesota Power transmission line More Topics construction energy mining money shipping technology transportation sports Headlines College men's hockey preview: Minnesota Duluth at Nebraska-Omaha Bulldog Hockey Blog: Iafallo has plenty of people to thank for six-game point streak Scoreboard Local names & news Wolves top 76ers More Topics baseball basketball football golf hockey preps running features Headlines Sam Cook column: From the Netherlands and the Ukraine, with love 'THE GINGERBREAD MAN': Duluth man talks the craft before Gingerbread City event Tips to help children process the election THINGS TO DO THIS WEEK INDIEWATCH: A Disney-ed look at 'An Animated Life' More Topics pursuits taste A&E home weekend featured columnists milestones Headlines Happy Golden Anniversary! Jolene Jewel Durfee Penelope Hazel-Marie Leone Owen Jeffrey Kirchner 100 CANDLES More Topics weddings engagements anniversaries new arrivals 100 candles special occasions obituaries Headlines MARJORIE KATHLEEN (HOFFMAN) PALMER MARIAN E. PLEWACKI DOLORES M. BOLDT FLO MATTSON WALTER EGELAND More Topics memorials opinion Headlines Reader's View: Take time Sunday to learn about the sun Local View: The real ‘welfare kings’ are the 1 percenters Other View: How Trump, Congress can replace Obamacare Other View: Due process on trial in Castile case Reader's view: Stay vigilant for Trump’s destructive policies More Topics columns editorial cartoons local view national view other view our view readers views outdoors Headlines Nice Bucks for 2016 Red Lake winter walleye regulations set MN DNR Weekly Report for Nov. 14, 2016 Ask a Conservation Officer: Hours limits on ATV use applies in deer season ANATOMY OF A BOW HUNT: Three-year pursuit was worth the wait More Topics fishing hunting community Headlines Horoscopes for Nov. 18 Horoscopes for Nov. 17 Horoscopes for Nov. 16 Horoscopes for Nov. 15 Horoscopes for Nov. 14 More Topics scrapbook family Weather Forecast Close Forecast Radar Tweet Northland storm-related closings for Friday, Nov. 18 Personal finance: Once considered safe, ‘smart’ funds may be dumb investment By Gail MarksJarvis, Chicago Tribune on Sep 11, 2016 at 10:00 p.m. Who could resist investments that are “smart”? They certainly sound better than “dumb investments” or “idiotic funds.” And who wouldn’t want to cut “volatility” in their investments? In other words, who wouldn’t want protection from a stock market crash such as those in 2000 and 2008, which turned 401(k)s into 201(k)s as stocks plunged more than 50 percent. Fund company professionals who create mutual funds and exchange traded funds (ETFs) realized after those horrible crashes traumatized people that if a fund could promise to take some of the pain of volatility away, their companies would have a hot investment product. And indeed they do. Since 2008, investment companies have been churning out different forms of funds known as “smart beta,” and there’s now more than $500 billion in them. They are known as low- or minimum-volatility funds, designed to hold stocks that are less likely to crash as severely than the stock market as a whole. The concept sells. Investors are drawn to them at a time when CD and bond interest rates are minuscule, and memories of those stock market crashes still keep people awake at night. Instead of fast-growing stocks such as Amazon or Tesla, the low-volatility funds tend to pick blue chip companies, known for their stable profits and performance — companies such as AT&T and Johnson & Johnson. The idea is that in a recession, consumers might not shop for a new tech gadget, but they will still buy toothpaste, diapers and laundry detergent. The trouble is that whenever any investment becomes ultra popular — even a stable company — it ultimately will become risky if people like it too much. And that was a common warning from investing pros who spoke last week at the annual Morningstar ETF Conference in Chicago. Repeatedly, analysts mentioned that the dividend-paying stocks that make up low-volatility funds have been attracting so much money from risk-averse people lately that demand has pushed the stock prices way up. And when stocks or funds get too pricey, they can fall and fall hard. That realization has made some investors leery of the popular sectors that are favorites in low-volatility funds: utilities, real estate investment trusts (REITs) and consumer staples such as Procter & Gamble. But so far, the uptrend remains. During the first seven months of this year, one of the most popular low-volatility funds — the iShares Edge MSCI Minimum Volatility USA (USMV) fund — delivered a 13.26 percent gain. That’s huge compared with less than 8 percent in a Standard & Poor’s 500 index fund. Instead of being lulled by the gain, however, Morningstar analyst Ben Johnson has warned that an examination of data back to 1994 shows that when the MSCI USA Minimum Volatility Index has been pricey, there have been declines. And he noted that at the end of July, the index was the priciest since its launch in June 2008. Analysts also point out that the low volatility approach could be vulnerable if the Federal Reserve starts raising interest rates this month or in December. If interest rates start climbing, people who bought utilities and REITs for dividend income while interest rates were remarkably low will see safer alternatives for their money. They may sell utilities and REITs, as they have in the past when interest rates headed up, and put money into bonds and CDs instead. If the utilities, REITs and other dividend-payers in low-volatility funds are heavily sold, the low-volatility fund values also will decline. Because low-volatility funds are relatively new, they have not been tested during a period of rising interest rates — the type of period that may be coming in the months ahead. So people could become unnerved if they bought low-volatility funds thinking the funds would always be a defense against stock market losses. Like every type of investment, low-volatility stocks ride cycles and will go up and down. But most investors don’t give funds a chance when they act differently than assumed. Jason Hsu, chairman of Rayliant Global Advisors, told a Morningstar audience that humans have a lousy track record with funds: “They add onto what they’ve heard others say made great money.” Then, the cycle turns and “they sell and cause themselves great harm.” Gail MarksJarvis is a personal finance columnist for the Chicago Tribune and author of “Saving for Retirement Without Living Like a Pauper or Winning the Lottery.” Readers may send her email at gmarks jarvis@tribune.com. Explore related topics:Businessmoney Advertisement Latest Roads starting to get icy over the hill in the Duluth area16 min ago Northland storm-related closings for Friday, Nov. 1851 min ago Lost hunter found in St. Louis County1 hour ago Wicked, wintry conditions on tap for today in the Northland2 hours ago Sam Cook column: From the Netherlands and the Ukraine, with love5 hours ago 'THE GINGERBREAD MAN': Duluth man talks the craft before Gingerbread City event5 hours ago Tips to help children process the election5 hours ago THINGS TO DO THIS WEEK5 hours ago more 〉 Top Ads OAK LAKE CAMPGROUND & RV SALES. 855-256-9683 www.oaklakerv.com We clean, repair and rebuild all chimneys and fireplaces. Certified and insured. 218-348-6256 www.justchimneys.net * Merry Christmas * We started H.O.P., Helping Other People. We are giving two $50 gift certificates to Best Buy, Shopko or T.J. Maxx every week GERMAN SHEPHERDS, AKC Ch. bloodlines. Guaranteed. Larry Jerome 715-537-5413 www.jerland.com Poodles, Min. AKC Gorgeous Blacks, males and females, $900. (320) 282-0442 SEASONED OAK FIREWOOD $200. Full loggers cord, 1½ cord min., split, & del. 218-729-5627 l THE PAINT SHOP l Painting and Carpentry - Quality affordable work Fred: 525-7912 l 340-1886 TERRY'S LAKESIDE PAINTING Senior Citizen Discounts Free Estimates • 218-590-6878 ALL IN ONE TREE SERVICE Trimming, or full tree removal. Unbeatable rates. 218-590-9640 View all top ads » Account Manage My Account Manage Home Delivery Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Newspaper Subscribe to the Paper Buy Newspaper Prints Contact Contact Us Get Website Help Work With Us More JobsHQ CarsHQ HomesHQ Northland Outdoors Agweek Impact Magazine Social Areavoices Twitter Facebook RSS Feeds Forum Communications Company 3.0 © Duluth News Tribune Forum Communications Company websitesupport@forumcomm.com © Duluth News Tribune and Forum Communications Company 424 W. First St. Duluth, Minnesota 55802 Call us at (218) 723-5281
Latest News Dow 18,871 -33.28 -0.18% Nasdaq 5,323 -11.29 -0.21% S&P 500 2,182 -4.87 -0.22% 11:40 A.M. ET Sanofi to stop producing bladder-cancer drug BCG 11:36 A.M. ET Equity ETFs saw nearly $22 billion in inflows this week 11:30 A.M. ET Scientists set the controls for a second Earth in another solar system 11:30 A.M. ET Bundesbank chief: Need 'extra care' for easy money 11:24 A.M. ET Updated Treasury yields turn higher; 10-year above 2.3% 11:10 A.M. ET FanDuel, DraftKings announce merger plans 11:08 A.M. ET Updated Beleaguered bank and biotech stocks may soar as political ‘pendulum’ swings to growth 11:07 A.M. ET Updated How the dollar rally could threaten corporate earnings 11:05 A.M. ET Updated Bank stocks could record big gains in the months ahead if Donald Trump gets his way 11:04 A.M. ET Updated 4 reasons why a strong dollar may sink the stock-market rally in 2017 11:02 A.M. ET Updated Stock market’s ‘Trump rally’ is mostly a bank rally 11:01 A.M. ET Updated Here are Goldman’s 2017 forecasts for stocks, oil and more — in one chart 11:00 A.M. ET Updated Dollar extends climb to 10th session as Yellen refuels the bulls 10:59 A.M. ET Kanye says he would have voted for Trump, if he had bothered to go to the polls 10:47 A.M. ET Updated ‘Fantastic Beasts’ will likely do more for Time Warner than bring in impressive box office 10:46 A.M. ET How to be smarter than the gadgets in your home this holiday season​ 10:43 A.M. ET U.S. stocks turn lower; major indexes down about 0.2% 10:42 A.M. ET Updated What President-elect Trump means for every U.S. industry 10:42 A.M. ET Updated Trump’s plans for trade and foreign policy could end up hurting the U.S. 10:40 A.M. ET This is how savings experts do their holiday shopping Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Markets The Technical Indicator Get email alerts S&P 500 survives major technical test, bull trend (tenuously) intact By Michael Ashbaugh Published: Sept 13, 2016 1:00 p.m. ET Share Focus: 10-year yield sustains the breakout, Sub-sector leaders maintain support (so far), Energy’s breakout attempt By MichaelAshbaugh Technicals columnist Editor’s Note: This is a free edition of The Technical Indicator, a daily MarketWatch subscriber newsletter. To get this column each market day, click here. Broadly speaking, the September downdraft has inflicted damage against a still distinctly technical U.S. market backdrop. Consider that the S&P 500 and Dow industrials have effectively nailed major support — around S&P 2,117 and Dow 18,000 — areas that remain an immediate bull-bear battleground. Before detailing the U.S. markets’ wider view, the S&P 500’s SPX, -0.22%  hourly chart highlights the past two weeks. As illustrated, the S&P’s price action remains technical. The index has thus far bottomed at 2,119 — matching the 2,117 support — before rising to close at 2,159, matching the breakdown point. These areas remain inflection points. The bear case strengthens on a violation of support, while a close atop resistance would neutralize the September downdraft. Similarly, the Dow industrials’ DJIA, -0.18%  backdrop remains technical. In its case, the index has bottomed near the 18,000 mark, before rising to resistance matching the 2015 peak of 18,351. Recall that the 18,000 area matches significant support, better illustrated on the daily chart. Meanwhile, the Nasdaq Composite’s backdrop remains slightly stronger. Consider that it tagged all-time highs just last week, and had reclaimed the breakdown point at Monday’s close. Widening the view to six months adds perspective. On this wider view, the Nasdaq has maintained next support closely matching the 5,100 mark. From current levels, the breakdown point — technically Nasdaq 5,186 — remains an area to track. The index closed Monday higher, but has reversed to less-charted territory with Tuesday’s early downturn. A sustained posture atop the breakdown point would place the brakes on bearish momentum. Looking elsewhere, the Dow Jones Industrial Average has maintained significant support closely matching the 18,000 mark — at least so far. Recall that resistance matches the 2015 peak of 18,351, illustrated on the hourly chart, and is followed by the 50-day moving average, currently 18,424. Similarly, the S&P 500 has maintained its breakout point. Recall that significant support spans from 2,117 to 2,120, illustrated above, and matching the March and November 2015 peaks. The bigger picture Broadly speaking, the September downdraft has inflicted damage, though the market price action remains technical. To start, each widely-tracked benchmark has closely observed its first notable support — the S&P 2,117, Dow 18,000 and Nasdaq 5,100 areas. Moreover, the S&P 500 and Dow industrials have subsequently reversed almost precisely to their respective breakdown points — the S&P 2,160 and Dow 18,350 areas. Against this backdrop, the SPDR Trust S&P 500’s SPY, -0.21% six-month chart includes volume. Not surprisingly, the recent whipsaw has been fueled by a volume spike, though the SPY has thus far maintained its breakout point, around 212.50. The September low currently rests at 212.31, and this area remains an inflection point. Perhaps more notably, recent market breadth has pressed, or flat out registered, technical extremes. Recall that Friday’s negative breadth was firmly bearish. Declining volume surpassed advancing volume by a 27-to-1 margin on the NYSE, and an 11-to-1 margin on the Nasdaq. This was followed by Monday’s respectable, but internally weaker, rally. The session registered as a nearly 6-to-1 up day on the NYSE, and a nearly 7-to-1 up day on the Nasdaq. As always, two 9-to-1 down days, across about a seven-session window, reliably signals a material trend shift. The first has registered, and the follow-through, or lack thereof, ahead of the Federal Reserve’s policy directive, due out next Wednesday (not this week), may add color. Tactically, recall that the S&P 500’s former range bottom — the 2,160 area — pivots to resistance. The S&P effectively nailed this area Monday, and has failed the initial retest. An eventual close higher would place the brakes on bearish momentum. Conversely, the 2,131 area marks an inflection point, and is closely followed significant support at the 2,117 breakout point. The September closing low rests at 2,128, while the absolute September low holds at 2,119. More broadly, technical damage has been inflicted, and a near-term consolidation phase is underway. Still, the S&P 500’s more important longer-term technical bias supports a bullish view. The “watch out” is that a second internally aggressive downdraft, over the next week, sends the S&P 500 under the 2,117 support. Such a move would signal a sustained momentum shift, raising the flag to more serious technical concerns. Tuesday’s Watch List The charts below detail names that are technically well positioned. These are radar screen names — sectors or stocks poised to move in the near term. For the original comments on the stocks below, see The Technical Indicator Library. Drilling down further, the 10-year Treasury note yield’s TNX, +2.90% breakout has contributed to the broad-market downdraft. As illustrated, the yield has knifed from its range, reaching its highest levels since June 23, the day before Brexit. Still, it’s thus far topped at 1.70, matching the breakdown point. This area is followed by the 200-day moving average, currently 1.80, and resistance at 1.98, better illustrated on the weekly chart. Collectively, the yield’s recovery attempt remains underway, though significant hurdles rest slightly overhead, and its longer-term technical bias points lower. Charting the traditional U.S. sector leaders Meanwhile, the traditional sector leaders — the financials, technology sector and transports — have thus far weathered the September volatility spike. To start, the Financial Select Sector SPDR XLF, +0.07% has maintained its breakout point, an area closely matching the 50-day moving average, currently 23.75. Moreover, the initial rally from support was fueled by increased volume. The group’s technical bias points higher barring a violation of the breakout point. Meanwhile, the iShares Transportation Average’s IYT, +0.48%  backdrop is slightly weaker. Still, the group has maintained first support, punctuating a garden-variety pullback from the range top. This is a developing head-and-shoulders bottom, though the pattern would be wrecked with a violation of the August low. Looking elsewhere, the PowerShares QQQ ETF QQQ, -0.28% a proxy for large-cap technology, has rattled its new range amid a volume spike. As illustrated, the group has maintained next support, rising to retest the breakdown point. This is a bullish reversal, though follow-through is absent early Tuesday. Separately, consider that the range bottom roughly matches the 50-day moving average, and is followed by a deeper floor matching the April peak. Combined, the sub-sector backdrop has softened amid the September downdraft, though the technical damage, on balance, has thus far been limited. Finally, the Energy Select Sector SPDR XLE, +0.51%  is acting well despite persistent crude-oil price volatility. The group tagged a 52-week high last week — by a penny — and has subsequently pulled in, maintaining the breakout point. More broadly, the group is challenging significant resistance, illustrated on the weekly chart, and a breakout likely opens the path to material follow-through. The September low closely matches the 50-day moving average, and a violation would raise a caution flag. Editor’s Note: This is a free edition of The Technical Indicator, a daily MarketWatch subscriber newsletter. To get this column each market day, click here. Still well positioned The table below includes names recently profiled in The Technical Indicator that remain well positioned. For the original comments, see The Technical Indicator Library. Company Symbol Date Profiled Swift Transportation Co. SWFT Sept. 9 Potash Corp. POT Sept. 9 iShares Transportation Average IYT Sept. 8 Delta Air Lines, Inc. DAL Sept. 8 Autodesk, Inc. ADSK Sept. 8 Foot Locker, Inc. FL Sept. 8 Navient Corp. NAVI Sept. 8 Alphabet, Inc. GOOGL Sept. 7 Deere & Co. DE Sept. 7 Oneok,Inc. OKE Sept. 7 Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. EGRX Sept. 7 Ciena Corp. CIEN Sept. 6 Tiffany & Co. TIF Sept. 6 MetLife, Inc. MET Sept. 6 KapStone Paper and Packaging Corp KS Aug. 31 American Airlines Group, Inc. AAL Aug. 31 GrubHub, Inc. GRUB Aug. 31 Intel Corp. INTC Aug. 30 Applied Materials, Inc. AMAT Aug. 30 SPDR S&P Regional Banking ETF KRE Aug. 29 Synopsis, Inc. SNPS Aug. 29 Agenus, Inc AGEN Aug. 29 Delek U.S. Holdings, Inc. DK Aug. 26 Ebay, Inc. EBAY Aug. 25 iRobot Corp. IRBT Aug. 25 United Rentals, Inc. URI Aug. 24 J.C. Penney Co. JCP Aug. 24 Proofpoint, Inc. PFPT Aug. 24 Adobe Systems, Inc. ADBE Aug. 23 iShares MSCI Japan ETF EWJ Aug. 22 Marvell Technology Group MRVL Aug. 22 Genesee & Wyoming, Inc. GWR Aug. 22 Energy Select Sector SPDR XLE Aug. 19 EOG Resources, Inc. EOG Aug. 19 Electronic Arts, Inc. EA Aug. 19 TowerJazz TSEM Aug. 19 CIT Group, Inc. CIT Aug. 18 Palo Alto Networks, Inc. PANW Aug. 18 Aspen Technology, Inc. AZPN Aug. 18 Chart Industries, Inc. GTLS Aug. 17 Zeltiq Aesthetics, Inc. ZLTQ Aug. 17 Qualcomm, Inc. QCOM Aug. 16 Diamondback Energy, Inc. is FANG Aug. 16 Puma Biotechnology, Inc. PBYI Aug. 15 Westlake Chemical Corp. WLK Aug. 15 Ross Stores, Inc. ROST Aug. 15 Devon Energy Corp. DVN Aug. 12 Microsemi Corp. MSCC Aug. 12 Biogen, Inc. BIIB Aug. 10 Seattle Genetics, Inc. SGEN Aug. 10 Cirrus Logic, Inc. CRUS Aug. 9 Symantec Corp. SYMC Aug. 9 PTC, Inc. PTC Aug. 9 Financial Select Sector SPDR XLF Aug. 8 American Express Co. AXP Aug. 8 Bank of America BAC Aug. 8 Microsoft Corp. MSFT Aug. 5 Sprint Corp. S Aug. 5 Netgear, Inc. NTGR Aug. 5 Sony Corp. SNE Aug. 4 Intersil Corp. ISIL Aug. 4 InterDigital, Inc. IDCC Aug. 3 Microchip Technology, Inc. MCHP Aug. 3 Valero Energy Corp. VLO Aug. 3 Berry Plastics Group, Inc. BERY Aug. 3 iShares MSCI South Korea ETF EWY Aug. 2 Micron Technology, Inc. MU Aug. 2 NetApp, Inc. NTAP Aug. 2 General Dynamics Corp. GD Aug. 1 Greenbrier Companies, Inc. GBX Aug. 1 Crane Co. CR July 29 Caterpillar, Inc. CAT July 27 Oclaro, Inc. OCLR July 26 American Eagle Outfitters AEO July 26 Union Pacific Corp. UNP July 25 MSCI, Inc. MSCI July 25 Amgen, Inc. AMGN July 25 SPDR S&P Biotech ETF XBI July 22 International Paper IP July 22 Facebook, Inc. FB July 21 CSX Corp. CSX July 20 Shopify, Inc. SHOP July 20 CST Brands, Inc. CST July 20 PowerShares QQQ ETF QQQ July 19 Gigamon, Inc. GIMO July 19 BioMarin Pharmaceutical, Inc. BMRN July 18 Petrobras PBR July 18 Industrial Select Sector SPDR XLI July 15 Materials Select Sector SPDR XLB July 15 Cisco Systems, Inc. CSCO July 14 iShares China Large-Cap ETF FXI July 13 Alibaba Group Holding BABA July 13 Alliance Resource Partners ARLP July 13 Lannett Co. LCI July 12 Verizon Communications, Inc. VZ July 8 Weibo Corp. WB July 8 Radius Health, Inc. RDUS July 8 Veeva Systems, Inc. VEEV July 7 Procter & Gamble Co. PG July 6 NuVasive, Inc. NUVA July 5 iShares Brazil ETF EWZ June 30 NetEase, Inc. NTES June 30 DexCom, Inc. DXCM June 29 VanEck Vectors Semiconductor ETF SMH June 23 Exact Sciences, Inc. EXAS June 23 Nevro Corp. NVRO June 21 Ambarella, Inc. AMBA June 15 Ingredion Inc. INGR June 10 2U, Inc. TWOU June 6 Macquarie Infrastructure Co. MIC May 18 Yelp, Inc. YELP May 16 SkyWest, Inc. SKYW May 12 Amazon.com, Inc. AMZN May 10 iShares U.S. Real Estate ETF IYR May 5 Merck & Co. MRK Apr. 5 Silicon Motion Technology Corp. SIMO Apr. 5 U.S. Silica Holdings, Inc. SLCA Apr. 1 Nvidia Corp. NVDA Mar. 21 Teleflex, Inc. TFX Mar. 3 Agnico Eagle Mines AEM Feb. 24 Johnson & Johnson JNJ Feb. 19 Pan American Silver Corp. PAAS Feb. 19 Silver Wheaton Corp. SLW Feb. 19 Market Vectors Junior Gold Miners ETF GDXJ Feb. 18 SPDR S&P Metals & Mining ETF XME Feb. 5 Market Vectors Gold Miners ETF GDX Feb. 5 SPDR Gold Trust GLD Feb. 4 Consumer Staples Select Sector SPDR XLP Feb. 1 iShares Silver Trust SLV Jan. 28 Utilities Select Sector SPDR XLU Jan. 25 Huntington Ingalls Industries, Inc. HII Jan. 13 ITC Holdings Corp. ITC Dec. 21 Equity LifeStyle Properties, Inc. ELS Dec. 16 More from MarketWatch Kellyanne Conway Discusses How to ‘Drain the Swamp’ A Trump trade war? Why Goldman thinks investors shouldn’t believe the hype Donald Trump's Influential Son-in-Law Related Topics Investing U.S. Stocks Mutual Funds Exchange Traded Funds Options Center Bonds Michael Ashbaugh Michael Ashbaugh writes technical analysis for MarketWatch and is editor of MarketWatch's "The Technical Indicator" newsletter. MarketWatch Partner Center Michael Ashbaugh Michael Ashbaugh writes technical analysis for MarketWatch and is editor of MarketWatch's "The Technical Indicator" newsletter. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Guide Buyer anonymity, while desired, can be hard to come by View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate 7 fancy kitchens where holiday hosting dreams come true View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,182.25 -4.87 (-0.22%) Volume 248.0M Open 2,187 High 2,190 Low 2,180 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 18,870.37 -33.45 (-0.18%) Volume 46.4M Open 18,905 High 18,916 Low 18,854 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust U.S.: NYSE Arca: SPY $218.52 -0.47 (-0.21%) Volume 39.3M Open $219.07 High $219.27 Low $218.29 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.98 Market Cap N/A CBOE 10 Year Treasury Note Yield Index MDX CBOE IND: TNX 23.42 +0.66 (+2.90%) Volume 0 Open 22.80 High 23.55 Low 22.67 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Financial Select Sector SPDR ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: XLF $22.18 +0.02 (+0.07%) Volume 29.7M Open $22.14 High $22.23 Low $22.06 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.67 Market Cap N/A iShares Transportation Average ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: IYT $159.05 +0.76 (+0.48%) Volume 172.9K Open $158.44 High $159.37 Low $157.82 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.94 Market Cap N/A PowerShares QQQ Trust Series 1 U.S.: Nasdaq: QQQ $117.43 -0.33 (-0.28%) Volume 7.4M Open $117.83 High $118.10 Low $117.21 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1 Market Cap N/A Energy Select Sector SPDR ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: XLE $71.20 +0.36 (+0.51%) Volume 4.3M Open $71.09 High $71.25 Low $70.73 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 2.31 Market Cap N/A LatestNews
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Watching People Eat Is Big in Korea; Now It's Supposedly Coming to America 5 hours ago Array 0 Dentsu Aegis' Vizeum Becomes Part of 360i in the U.S. By Lindsay Stein - 6 hours ago Array 0 Apple Swamps Web Video With 107-Second Summary of New-Product Showcase 6 hours ago Array 0 A Chinese Ad Tech Titan Looks to U.S., Partners With Twitter-Owned MoPub By George Slefo - 7 hours ago Array 0 Lowdown: Audi and Airbnb Hook Up in Emmys Ad 8 hours ago Array 0 This Moving Film About an Agency Staffer With MS Shows the Reality of Life With the Disease By Alexandra Jardine - 14 hours ago 0 A Chinese Ad Tech Titan Looks to U.S., Partners With Twitter-Owned MoPub By George Slefo - 7 hours ago 0 Laughing All the Way to the Bank: Rio Olympics Make NBC $250 Million Richer By Anthony Crupi - 9 hours ago 0 Breaking the Barriers Between Marketing and Product Development By Drew Neisser - 14 hours ago 0 More Magazine Is Reborn Online and Now Targeting Millennials By Jeremy Barr - 10 hours ago 0 Yes He Can? Here's How Trump Could Win By Simon Dumenco - 2 days ago 0 Keith Olbermann Offers '176 Reasons Donald Trump Shouldn't Be President' in His New GQ.com Show By Simon Dumenco - Yesterday 0 How Fitbit Is Staying a Step Ahead in the Race for Wearables By Adrianne Pasquarelli - Yesterday 0 Chicken Fries That Go Crunch -- And Won't Turn Your Fingers Orange By Jessica Wohl - 2 days ago 0 How Brands Should Be Marketing Wellness to Women By Kathy Delaney - 2 days ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. Glad you're here and we hope you like what we do. But what we do is expensive and is supported in large part by advertising. So if you could whitelist us, or login, that'd be great. How to Whitelist Besides, you're reading about advertising. Why not see who's advertising around the advertising coverage while you're at it? Old Spice's New NFL Campaign Suggests Von Miller May Actually Be the Most Interesting Man in the World By Jack Neff. Published on September 13, 2016. Advertising Age Player The new most interesting man in the world may actually be Von Miller, the Denver Broncos linebacker and new NFL Old Spice guy making his commercial debut today in new spots from Wieden & Kennedy. Mr. Miller captures Jonathan Goldsmith-esque hyperbolic pitch in the new "Unforsweatable" ads as he literally builds his own road to the game, hand-crafted asphalt and all, in "The Road," which debuts online today and on TV during the CBS broadcast of the game between the Indianapolis Colts and his Broncos. Then in "Be Harder," also online today and joining the TV rotation mid-season, he looks to answer the question of how, if Old Spice Sweat Defense keeps him from sweating, will he still know if he's working hard enough? The answer is to do such things as tying his shoelaces together, sticking his arm into a hornet nest, doing the limbo and going through airport security, all while still on the playing field. The spots are directed by Australian rugby fan Steve Rogers, who also directed Nike's "Snow Day" spot last year, and shot in part on set at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena, Calif. "Unforsweatable" backs the Old Spice Hardest Working Collection promising "unparalleled performance for guys who work hard and play hard," according to Procter & Gamble Co. The brand will also focus on social-media game updates to burnish its "Greatest Smell in the NFL" credentials. Advertising Age Player In this article: Beauty/Fashion CMO Strategy CPG News Social Sports TV Most Popular Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2016 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17 x Scroll to Continue

Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › business › economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment browse all sections close Bank of England Bank of England extends QE to overseas firms Daily Mail owner DMGT, US firms Apple, Verizon and AT&T among companies on Bank’s bond-buying list Tim Cook unveils the new iPhone 7 AirPod headphones. Apple may benefit from Bank of Englasnd bond buying. Photograph: Xinhua/REX/Shutterstock Patrick Collinson Tuesday 13 September 2016 07.08 EDT Last modified on Tuesday 13 September 2016 17.00 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close This article is 2 months old The Bank of England is to buy £10bn of bonds issued by private companies, including Apple and other overseas corporations, as it begins a dramatic expansion of its quantitative easing programme. But the Bank has been accused of handing taxpayer cash to foreign corporations with little connection to the UK, which may simply hand the money back to shareholders. Until now, QE, designed to boost the economy by lowering interest rates, has focused on purchasing and, in effect, cancelling UK government bonds, known as gilts. The Bank said earlier this year, however, that it would expand its asset purchases to £10bn of bonds issued by private companies, as long as they were UK based, or overseas corporations with a major UK presence which were benefiting the British economy. When the list of eligible companies was published on Monday, one major bond dealer said he was astonished at the names included. Verizon, a US cell phone network, is on the list, as is another big US telecoms company, AT&T, despite both firms arguably having minimal operations in the UK. While most bonds are issued by companies so they can invest in their businesses, some US corporations have recently used the bond markets to raise cash simply to hand to shareholders as dividends, or to use it to buy shares in their own company, thus pushing up the share price artificially. “A lot of US corporates have been issuing bonds to finance share buybacks and dividends to shareholders. There can be absolutely no guarantee that the funds raised will be used to invest in the UK,” one senior bond dealer said, on condition of anonymity. The Bank has said it will only buy the bonds of companies “making a material contribution to the UK economy”. It defines these companies as those with “significant employment in the UK or with their headquarters in the UK ... but the Bank will also consider whether the company generates significant revenues in the UK, serves a large number of customers in the UK or has a number of operating sites in the UK.” It said its asset purchase facility corporate bond purchase scheme (CBPS) would stimulate the economy by lowering the yields on corporate bonds, “thereby reducing the cost of borrowing for companies; by triggering portfolio rebalancing into riskier assets by sellers of assets; and by stimulating new issuance of corporate bonds”. Bonds with a face value of about £110bn will be eligible for buying by the Bank, although the central bank is only planning to buy £10bn of these bonds. However, the senior trader said: “I was incensed when I saw the list and how far it appears to deviate from the aim of the scheme. There are huge inconsistencies in the names included. Apple is on the list, as is Wal-Mart, but at least they own Asda. Manchester airport is on the list, but Gatwick airport is not.” “If a company name is on that list, it will bring it substantial benefits when issuing new bonds and securing new funding,” he added. The trader accused other investment banks of gaming the system to their own benefit. “My motivation in trying to expose this is that I am a British taxpayer and I am not happy about seeing the public purse being used to the advantage of certain investment banks.” The Bank of England declined to comment. List of companies eligible for BoE bond-buying scheme Amgen Anglian Water AP Mollier-Maersk Apple AT&T BAE Systems BASF BAT International BG Energy Capital Birmingham Airport BMW Bouygues BP BT Cargill Centrica CIE De Saint-Gobain Company Group Daily Mail & General Trust Daimler Deutsche Bahn Deutsche Telekom Dong Energy E.ON Eastern Power EE Electricite De France (EDF) Electricity North West Engie Eversholt Experian FirstGroup GE GSK Great Rolling Stock Hammerson Hutchison Whampoa IBM Imperial Brands Intercontinental Hotels Linde London Power LVMH Manchester Airports Group M&S McDonald’s Mondelez Motability Operations National Express National Grid Nestlé Next Northern Ireland Electricity Northern Powergrid Northumbrian Water PACCAR Pepsico Pfizer P&G Rio Tinto Roche Rolls-Royce SGN Scottish Power Segro Severn Trent Water Shell Siemens Sky UK Power Networks South East Water SSE Suez Tate & Lyle Thames Water Total Toyota Transport for London Unilever UPS United Utilities Vattenfall Veolia Verizon Vodafone Wales & West Utilities Walmart Wellcome Trust Wessex Water Western Power Distribution Yorkshire Water More news Topics Bank of England Bonds Verizon Communications Telecommunications industry Gilts More… Quantitative easing AT&T Apple Economics Interest rates Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments more on this story Bank of England attacked over 50% pension contributions Bank creating private pension deficits while insulating own staff from policies such as QE, claims former pensions minister Published: 12 Sep 2016 Bank of England attacked over 50% pension contributions The Guardian view on central bankers: growing power and limited success Editorial: A lot rests on Janet Yellen and the rate-setters meeting at Jackson Hole this weekend. Too much, for their own good and ours Published: 25 Aug 2016 The Guardian view on central bankers: growing power and limited success RBS starts charging financial customers to park their cash Chairman questions low interest rates after up to 70 major clients such as banks and pension funds are charged to hold cash kept as collateral for trades Published: 22 Aug 2016 RBS starts charging financial customers to park their cash No economy is even close to achieving its personal best Larry Elliott Economics editor If the world economies were like athletes they’d be described as sluggish, tired, over-reliant on stimulus and paranoid that everyone else is cheating Published: 21 Aug 2016 No economy is even close to achieving its personal best What are government bonds? Published: 13 Aug 2016 What are government bonds? City turbulence drives some bond yields into negative territory Published: 10 Aug 2016 City turbulence drives some bond yields into negative territory Bank of England's bond-buying failure may not be a blip Larry Elliott Published: 10 Aug 2016 Bank of England's bond-buying failure may not be a blip Bank's post-Brexit strategy hits snag as gilt buyback falls short Published: 9 Aug 2016 Bank's post-Brexit strategy hits snag as gilt buyback falls short More more on this story most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business selected economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Business › Bank of England Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Subscribers Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) Albany bars: Liquor giant ripped us off; company denies claims Grab some sun now -- snow in the forecast for Sunday Cop outlines UAlbany bus attack defendants' attack claims Twin sister, 'soulmate' in Albany court for Hawaii death case News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories Fraction of addicts receive treatment Easy retirement? Possible only for a privileged few Trump meeting with Japan's prime minister Photos: "Subway Therapy" in NYC Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories Carolina holds on this time Sabres continue to struggle offensively Knicks defense fails in defeat Noteworthy: Sports news in briefs Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories GE using augmented reality to talk to machines ESD gains more oversight of SUNY Poly entities GlobalFoundries travels to Oregon to fill Fab 8 jobs Post-election rate hike likely Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of 2016 Your Horoscope Comics All Stories 22 things to do this weekend Picks of the week New on DVD: 'Finding Dory' new on DVD this week Who's coming here soon Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories Tanglewood announces 2017 season Today's Birthdays Naughty or Nice Cookie Challenge: It's time to vote Second Helpings: Mini restaurant reviews Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives Our first job: protecting the most vulnerable among us. Albany bars: Liquor giant ripped us off; company denies claims FanKings, DraftDuel? Two DFS outlets to merge Cuomo sends out blast email on intolerance TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ Ellis serious about showing he can play Extreme Pine Cone Turkey Contest results Early Look: Maharaja in Colonie Vermont orchestras salute composer Carl Ruggles Jobs Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Momentive workers mull strike after rejecting ‘final Signs of change in downtown Troy Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog House of the Week: Townhouse in North Greenbush Tobey Maguire shops his three-part project Realtors offer options to ease homebuyer concerns High & Low Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings Target: Take 30% off toys this Saturday only Target: Top 10 Black Friday bargains for 2016 Amazon: $79 for one-year Prime membership, today only Holiday gift card promos and bonus offers for 2016 MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/business/article/Stocks-soar-amid-safe-picks-9218298.php Stocks soar amid safe picks Market rallies after Fed says key rates should hold for now Associated Press Published 6:41 pm, Monday, September 12, 2016 Photo: Al Behrman Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 FILE - This Aug. 2, 2010, file photo, shows the Procter & Gamble Co. headquarters building in Cincinnati. Procter & Gamble Co. reports quarterly earnings on Thursday, Aug. 1, 2013. (AP Photo/Al Behrman, File) ORG XMIT: NYBZ149 less FILE - This Aug. 2, 2010, file photo, shows the Procter & Gamble Co. headquarters building in Cincinnati. Procter & Gamble Co. reports quarterly earnings on Thursday, Aug. 1, 2013. (AP Photo/Al Behrman, File) ... more Photo: Al Behrman Stocks soar amid safe picks 1 / 1 Back to Gallery New York U.S. stocks surged Monday after a Federal Reserve official said the central bank shouldn't raise interest rates too soon, which came as a big relief to investors. After a market nosedive on Friday, investors bought safe investments like household goods makers and phone companies. Technology companies also jumped. Stocks started the day lower following Friday's drop, but they soon rallied. Investors were pleased when Lael Brainard, a member of the Federal Reserve board, said the Fed shouldn't raise interest rates quickly because that could hurt the economy. The biggest gains went to safe investments that pay big dividends, as they are more enticing to investors when interest rates and bond yields are low. Stocks had plunged Friday following remarks from another Fed official that suggested interest rates could go up next week. David Kelly, chief global strategist for JPMorgan Funds, said he thinks Federal Reserve policymakers seem "noncommittal" and aren't sure if they should raise interest rates now. In his opinion, the Fed's cautious attitude toward raising interest rates even a little is causing strong market reactions. "The more cautious they are, the more sensitive the market becomes," he said. "What's one quarter of one percent? It's nothing." The Dow Jones industrial average jumped 239.62 points, or 1.3 percent, to 18,325.07. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 31.23 points, or 1.5 percent, to 2,159.04. The Nasdaq composite surged 85.98 points, or 1.7 percent, to 5,211.89. The gains in the main three U.S. indexes made up for more than half of Friday's losses. As investors sought safe-play picks, retail giant Wal-Mart rose $1.64, or 2.3 percent, to $71.94 and Procter & Gamble gained $2.01, or 2.3 percent, to $88.25. Phone companies also rose and AT&T gained $1, or 2.5 percent, to $40.71. Those stocks took some of the biggest losses Friday. Today's Deals Powered by SHOP NOW Air Hogs Helix Sentinel 720p Video Drone for $128 + free shipping WalmartPosted 22 hr 21 min ago SHOP NOW Play-Doh 60th Anniversary Celebration 60-Pack for $15 + pickup... WalmartPosted 1 day 4 hr ago SHOP NOW Panasonic Smart Home Monitoring System for $65 + free shipping WalmartPosted 1 day 16 hr ago SHOP NOW Cold Weather Apparel at NFL Shop: Up to 50% off + free... NFL ShopPosted 1 day 20 hr ago Most Popular 1 Restaurant chains that didn't work out for the Albany area 2 Colonie man fires, hides shotgun in yard on Election Day 3 Four men charged with sex-related felonies in Colonie 4 Twin sister, 'soulmate' in Albany court for Hawaii death case 5 Man breaks Stewart's window after being asked to leave 6 Courtroom packed as UAlbany bus attack defendants return 7 Inside the Washington D.C. home the Obamas will live in after... View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
