menu Sections Tuesday, April 18, 2017 search Today's Paper insert_drive_file Close   INQUIRER.NET NEWS OPINION SPORTS LIFESTYLE PREEN ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY GLOBAL NATION USA & CANADA POP ESPORTS BANDERA CDN PBA MOTIONCARS INQSHOP MY INQUIRER ADVERTISE menu search NEWS OPINION SPORTS LIFESTYLE PREEN ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY GLOBAL NATION lifestyle / Health and Wellness share this Why proper handwashing is more necessary than ever Among the dirtiest objects you can own is your phone, which can have up to 4,200 bacteria from fecal contamination By: Anne A. Jambora - @inquirerdotnet Philippine Daily Inquirer / 02:23 AM April 18, 2017 Rochelle Rivera, senior scientist engineer, P&G Innovation Center, talking about how Safeguard soaps are produced SINGAPORE—An exclusive, first-ever tour of the Safeguard Science Discovery headquarters here demonstrated the importance of keeping oneself clean to avoid diseases—some potentially life-threatening—from spreading. The tour at the P&G headquarters in Singapore included restricted laboratory visits, where members of the press and mom-bloggers were shown how germs breed, and how Safeguard formulates its antibacterial GermShield+ soaps to prevent diseases in the household. Safeguard, first formulated in 1966 as a way to remove germs and inhibit germ regrowth, remains as effective today as it was back then. Leading health experts on germ protection for the family have been recommending Safeguard for more than 50 years, and the company continues to invest in research and development. ADVERTISEMENT “Some germs that can infect us when we do not wash our hands are rotavirus and rhinovirus,” said Angelica Caranza, section head of the Global Microbiology Capability Organization of P&G Innovation Center in Singapore. “Rotavirus is the leading cause of acute gastroenteritis, resulting in the death of over 600,000 children annually worldwide,” Caranza pointed out. “Rhinovirus causes the common cold. Other germs, such as E. coli, shigella and campylobacter can cause diarrhea, which can be life-threatening due to severe dehydration.” First step Proper handwashing and bathing using Safeguard is the first step to protect yourself and your family from germ threats. The Germshield+ also inhibits germ regrowth for up to 24 hours. Did you know, for example, that our bodies host as many as 10,000 bacterial species, and that the number of bacteria that live in and on us outnumber our own human cells 10 to 1? When a coworker reports for work sick, about half of the commonly touched surfaces in the office will become infected with the virus by lunchtime. Among the dirtiest objects you can own is your phone, which can have up to 4,200 bacteria from fecal contamination. A single bacteria cell in the bathroom can multiply into one billion cells overnight. That said, a shopping cart can contain more fecal E. coli than a supermarket toilet. “Normal skin is colonized by large numbers of commensal microorganisms or resident bacteria that live on the surface of the skin,” Caranza said. “Most of these microorganisms are harmless or are even beneficial to their host. However, there are microorganisms known as transient bacteria such as S. aureus, S. pneumoniae, E. coli, and K. pneumoniae that can be picked up by the hands from different surfaces in our surroundings.” These can be easily transferred to the mouth, nose and eyes since people touch their faces several times an hour. These germs can cause skin infections, respiratory diseases and diarrhea. ADVERTISEMENT “Some microbes are pathogenic, which means they can make a healthy person sick, such as the bacteria salmonella typhi, which causes typhoid fever,” Caranza added. “There are also opportunistic germs that are usually harmless to healthy hosts but can cause sickness if the immune system is compromised. Some strains of S. aureus can also cause a skin infection when the skin barrier is damaged.” Effective, simple Good handwashing habits, Caranza said, are an effective and simple way to prevent the transmission of germs, as recommend by the World Health Organization and Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDCP). “It is important to follow the effective steps to handwashing, which are: wet, lather, scrub, rinse and dry,” she noted. Caranza added that P&G Phils., with the Department of Health and Department of Education, was able to teach good handwashing practices to over 1.5 million schoolchildren this school year through the Superkid and Commander Safeguard School Caravan. She said Safeguard will continue to reach out and educate even more children in the coming school year on the importance of proper handwashing in minimizing the transmission of germs in schools and in keeping oneself healthy. Germ-hunting in Singapore US CDCP has recommendations on when people should wash their hands: Before, during and after preparing food; before eating food; before and after caring for someone who is sick; before and after treating a cut or wound; after using the toilet; after changing diapers or cleaning up a child who has used the toilet; after blowing your nose, coughing or sneezing; after touching an animal, animal feed or animal waste; after handling pet food or pet treats; and after touching garbage. “There are different types of diseases that we can get by not washing our hands. Some are life-threatening, while others are not. Skin infections such as boils and impetigo that can be caused by S. aureus are not life-threatening, but can significantly impact the quality of life,” Caranza said. Broad spectrum Safeguard with Germshield+ technology can fight a broad spectrum of gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria and fungi, preventing more types of sickness, malodor and skin infection. Is there such thing as being too clean, or does being “too clean” compromise the immune system in any way? “‘Too clean’ may be subjective, as it depends on personal habits and environments. What is widely agreed on by experts is that the immune system can be susceptible to a variety of illnesses, and good hand hygiene is essential to reducing the incidence of sickness and spreading germs to others,” Caranza said. play_circle_filled Japan's cherry blossom season kicks off April 09, 2017 play_circle_filled Rare original 'Tintin' drawing goes for $798,000 at auction April 09, 2017 play_circle_filled Relic of St. John Paul II gives PH message of hope, humanity April 07, 2017 play_circle_filled Fireworks display opens new South Korean skycraper April 02, 2017 TAGS: Bacteria, Health, proper handwashing For feedback, complaints, or inquiries, contact us. INQUIRER.net Follow @inquirerdotnet TRENDING entertainment LOOK: Beauty runs in the family for Liza Soberano April 17, 2017 newsinfo SWAT team responds to Cebu hotel SOS on guests April 17, 2017 newsinfo Kris Aquino goes to Hollywood April 18, 2017 newsinfo Why do I have to shell out P15.44M for my counter-protest? April 17, 2017 globalnation Duterte wins TIME’s ‘most influential’ poll April 17, 2017 Disclaimer: Comments do not represent the views of INQUIRER.net. We reserve the right to exclude comments which are inconsistent with our editorial standards. FULL DISCLAIMER share this The Inquirer Channels News Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Business Opinion Global Nation Services Sitemap Mobile RSS Email Us Archive Contact Us Advertise News Letter Job Openings The Inquirer Company About INQUIRER.net About the INQUIRER User Agreement Link Policy Privacy Policy Article Index Partners Hinge Inquirer Bandera Cebu Daily News DZIQ990 AM Motion Cars PBA PesoPay IIDM © Copyright 1997-2016 INQUIRER.net | All Rights Reserved
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by Military News Baby Diapers Market Size, Share, Trends and Forecasts To 2024 Markets for baby diapers in most countries across East Africa are consolidated, with companies such as Procter and Gamble, Kimberly Clark, and Unicharm Corporation accounting for a large share in the markets’ revenues, states TMR in a new report. In Kenya, the largest contributor to the East Africa baby diapers market in terms of revenues, Procter and Gamble, held a share of 22% in 2015. Product cost being a key determinant of growth in the East Africa baby diapers market, with most countries falling in the developing category, companies have adopted strategies that can help cut down the final selling price of products.  Favoring employment of their own distribution agents against the normal strategy of selling products through third party distribution channels is one such strategy that has worked for companies in East Africa. Market players are also focusing on the development of products with biodegradable materials to appeal to the environmentally conscious parents and innovative designs capable of tackling issues concerning effects of diapers on the health of infants. Among the other key vendors in the East Africa baby diapers market are Indevco Group, SCA Hygiene, Johnson and Johnson, Interconsumer Products Ltd., and Mega Soft (Fujian) Hygiene Products Co. Ltd. Transparency Market Research analysts estimate that the market will expand at a 3.6% CAGR over the period between 2016 and 2024, rising from a valuation of US$155.7 mn in 2015 to US$218.7 mn by 2024. In terms of volume, the market is expected to exhibit a 3.2% CAGR over the said period.  To Get Sample Of the Reports @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=13925 Rising Awareness about Personal Hygiene and Decline in Infant Mortality Rate Fuel Demand for Diapers in East Africa In the past few years, awareness regarding the need for diapers as a personal hygiene measure for infants and babies has significantly increased among the urban dwelling population in East African countries. Active efforts undertaken by government and non-government organizations to educate the rural population about the need for maintaining hygiene to prevent the outbreak and contracting of infectious diseases has also significantly increased the usage of baby diapers across many countries in East Africa.  Rise in disposable incomes and a notable decline in infant mortality rate have also emerged as key factors stimulating the demand for baby diapers in East African countries in the past few years. In developing countries, such as Kenya and Uganda, especially, infant mortality rates have substantially reduced in the past few years. In Kenya and Uganda over the period between 2013 and 2015, infant mortality rates have gone down from 38 to 35.5 and from 41.6 to 37.7 per 1,000 births, respectively. Birth rates are also rising considerably in other East African countries such as Tanzania, Rwanda, and Burundi.  The factor of declining infant mortality rates and rising birth rates is expected to have a strong impact on the market for baby diapers in East Africa in the near future. However, the factor will have a moderate impact on the market’s growth in the long-term scenario owing to rising awareness about population control in East African countries.    Concerns about Potential Health Issues Make Parents Wary of Baby Diapers, Hinder Market’s Growth Owing to the superior absorption capabilities of baby diapers, a tendency to change diapers after long gaps is rampant among parents. The extreme saturation in the diapers owing to longer in-between changing times causes rashes and other skin troubles to the delicate skins of infants. Some studies have also estimated that baby diapers, especially the disposable ones, lead to infertility as well as testicular cancer in males. Scientists believe that the high amount of heat created in soiled diapers can play a key role in developing such risks. These concerns among parents are restraining the overall development of the East Africa baby diapers market to a certain extent.  Nevertheless, the vast untapped opportunities in the East Africa baby diaper market will provide sustainable growth prospects to market vendors in the next few years. Of the key product varieties available in the market, the segment of disposable diapers is the leading segment in terms of both revenue and volume share in the overall market, accounting for a share of over 80% of the East Africa market’s overall revenues in 2015. Kenya is the leading market in terms of geography. The country accounted for over 42% share in the market’s revenues in 2015.   This review is based on a recent report published by Transparency Market Research, titled “Baby Diapers Market by Products – East Africa Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2016 – 2024.”    To Get Full Detail of The Reports @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/east-africa-baby-diapers-market.html For the study, the market has been segmented as follows: East Africa baby diapers market, by product ·         Cloth Diapers ·         Disposable Diapers ·         Training Nappies ·         Swim Pants  East Africa baby diapers market, by Country: ·         Kenya ·         Uganda ·         Tanzania ·         Rwanda ·         Burundi ·         Rest of East Africa   About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR syndicated research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, TMR’s syndicated reports strive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement.   US Office Contact 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious US Multi-layer Ceramic Chip Capacitor Market 2017; Region Wise Analysis of Top Players in Market by its Types and Application Next PostNext Sulfone Polymers Market Size, Share, Trends and Forecasts To 2024 Search Recent Posts Solar Cells Industry, Market Growth Trends by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast in Europe, the Middle East and Africa to 2021 Motor Oil Market Trends Forecast Analysis by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application in Europe, the Middle East and Africa to 2021 Modular Switches Market Trends Forecast Analysis by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application in Europe, the Middle East and Africa to 2021 True Crime Network Investigation Discovery Greenlights Follow-Up Episode Of Academy Award®-Nominated And Emmy®-winning Filmmaker Joe Berlinger’s Docu-series “Killing Richard Glossip” Air Force Seeks Linens Contractor Proudly powered by WordPress
null
Skip to main content The Straits Times Business Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone herworldPLUS Lianhe Wanbao My Paper Omy razor SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property STCars STClassifieds STJobs STProperty STOMP tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper ZaoBao Print Edition ePaper x JUST IN: Woodleigh MRT station closed after 'suspicious substance' found, public advised to avoid area Procter & Gamble to invest US$100m in Singapore digital innovation centre, its first outside US A view of P&G building in Fusionopolis.PHOTO: ST FILE Published4 hours ago Updated3 hours ago More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Purchase Article Permalink: http://str.sg/4BwK Copy Ann Williams ann@sph.com.sg SINGAPORE - US consumer goods giant Procter & Gamble said Tuesday (April 18) it will invest US$100 million (S$139.8 million) over the next five years in setting up its first digital innovation centre in Singapore in partnership with the Economic Development Board. The move reaffirms P&G's commitment to Singapore and aims to strengthen the country's standing as a leading digital and e-commerce hub in the world. The P&G Singapore E-Center - the multinational company's first outside the United States - will be pivotal to its undertaking of end-to-end digital innovation across three core areas: supply chain management, e-analytics and e-business. In the area of supply chain management, termed "i-Supply", the E-Center will focus on transforming P&G's supply chain end-to-end, enabling greater accuracy, visibility and more efficient processes. The e-business unit aims to translate digital strategies into scalable plans for the region, and to leverage new digital channels to innovate and improve business models. Through its focus on e-analytics, the E-Center will also leverage predictive analytics and big data to optimize product distribution and marketing strategy. With the launch of the centre on Tuesday (April 18), P&G will be training 40 employees in the first year to take on digital-related roles in the three capability areas. Through the E-Center, P&G will also expand its partnerships with local small and medium enterprises (SMEs) and start-ups to strengthen digital capabilities and co-develop new digital solutions. To bolster the inauguration of the E-Center, P&G also hosted the second edition of its leadership development program - P&G Leadership College - for SMEs in collaboration with Spring Singapore. Speaking at the launch of the E-Center, Minister for Trade and Industry (Industry) S Iswaran noted that Singapore serves as P&G's Asia-Pacific headquarters with 2,000 staff across a range of functions, including brand management, marketing, supply chain management, consumer insights, design and manufacturing. Singapore is also one of P&G's global hubs for innovation and talent development and the company employs 400 researchers at its Singapore Innovation Center (SGIC) and trains over 500 managers annually at its Asia Leadership Development Center here, said the minister. "We will continue to partner leading companies to anchor new digital capabilities, strengthen our local ecosystem, and equip our people with the requisite skillsets for the digital economy," said Mr Iswaran. "Our partnership with P&G is a good example of how we are doing this." Topics:  INNOVATION SINGAPORE ECONOMY INVESTMENT More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4BwK Copy sentifi.com Sentifi Straitstimes Top 10 Talked About Stocks BrandInsider Sponsored Content kaplan_a125867_2017apr17_300x200_st_ros.jpg Marketing 2030: Automation and augmentation the new reality g2000_a125767_2017apr17_300x200_stadv2.jpg Working for the money? Not for this accountant turned florist pru_a125897_2017apr17_300x200_st_ros.jpg Prevention is better than cure, as healthcare costs keep rising steinway_a125809_2017apr03_300x200_native.jpg Steinway Spirio brings new music lecture series to life Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Never Lost Your Precious Belongings Again! HP Elitebook 840 Now On Sale! Check out Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Buck Up, United Airlines! You'll Be OK! By Simon Dumenco - just now Array 0 World Wide Whitelist: Will Brand Safety Strip the Web of Its Color? By Garett Sloane - just now Array 0 Marketing Technology May Never Consolidate (But That's a Good Thing) By Scott Brinker - just now Array 0 Mr. Rogers Doesn't Live Here: Trulia Portrays Neighborhood With No Beautiful Days By Adrianne Pasquarelli - just now Array 0 Listen to the New 'Tagline' Podcast With Melissa Etheridge just now Array 0 Iconic Monsters Discuss Their Weekend Plans in Hilarious Campaign for Spectrum By Ann-Christine Diaz - 2 days ago 0 Snapchat vs. Instagram: Which Stories Format Is Winning? By Garett Sloane - 2 days ago 0 Sparkles, Sneakers, Chiffon: What 'Creative Black Tie' Means to Adland By Lindsay Stein - 3 days ago 0 Just How Many Fake Accounts Are There on Facebook Anyway? By Simon Dumenco - 2 days ago 0 Oracle Plans Aggressive Move Into TV Advertising By Kate Kaye - 3 days ago 0 Introducing Ad Age's 25 Marketing Technology Trailblazers 2017 - just now 0 Meet Ad Age's 2017 Class of Women to Watch Europe - just now 0 Buck Up, United Airlines! You'll Be OK! By Simon Dumenco - just now 0 Mr. Rogers Doesn't Live Here: Trulia Portrays Neighborhood With No Beautiful Days By Adrianne Pasquarelli - just now 0 Listen to the New 'Tagline' Podcast With Melissa Etheridge - just now 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Rance Crain Can Advertisers Really Tell Their Agencies How to Make Money? By Rance Crain. Published on April 17, 2017. Most Popular Let bygones be bygones seemed to be the theme of this year's 4A's conference in Los Angeles. Both agencies and clients signaled that their appetite for confronting one another was much diminished, and execs were also relativity subdued when it came to blaming the big digital players for their transgressions. In fact, much of the conference could be viewed through the prism of digital advertising brought to you by Google, Facebook, YouTube, Twitter and Pinterest, even when speakers said they had "zero tolerance" when it comes to brand safety. Outgoing 4A's chief Nancy Hill and her board last summer helped create the adversarial position between agencies and clients when the 4A's rejected the Association of National Advertisers' financial transparency guidelines on agency rebates and other indirect compensation. At the 4A's conference, however, Hill implored her members to "rise above the negative discourse. We are better than that," a line she liked enough to repeat. And incoming 4A's CEO Marla Kaplowitz said she had been doing a lot of listening since she signed on, and she's concluded that job one is "repairing relationships. ... We have a common interest: Grow our partners' business." The new chairman of the ANA, P&G's Marc Pritchard, also tried to smooth the troubled waters. He called the "so-called rift" between the 4A's and the ANA "overstated," but added that he didn't see any need for digital agencies and talked about how he's working to recombine creative and media functions. Pritchard said that P&G and its agencies are "joined at the hip and ready to make great things happen." He even closed with a symbolic hug of Nancy Hill. I got the distinct feeling that advertisers are no longer looking to draw a line in the sand as to how agencies make money as long as they own up to how they're doing it. The problem is that different agencies do different things to bolster their bottom line. WPP, for instance, makes no bones about buying inventory for its own account, enhancing it and (hopefully) reselling it at a profit in a process called arbitrage. Interpublic, on the other hand, insists it only acts as an agent in its transactions with clients. Michael Roth, chairman and CEO of IPG, said during the opening session that the agency holding company is "agnostic" where it spends its clients' money because it doesn't have "any economic interest in the inventory." Roth added that "the risk to a brand is enormous, so we've got to be very, very careful." But he did say that IPG does barter, and that the company invested $5 million in Facebook and sold its stake for $230 million. Interpublic sets aside money for mergers and acquisitions (IPG allocates $250 million annually for M&A), and recently said it would sponsor a technology accelerator program with Snap Inc., which will include taking a small ownership position in the tech startups. Roth said IPG prefers partnerships, "but if we can't make it work," it will buy. But how agnostic can IPG really be if it made a killing on Facebook stock and is investing in Snap? I fully understand why it's in the best interests of agencies not to pick a fight with clients, as they were doing with their contention that what they do outside the traditional agency-client relationship is none of the clients' business. But why are clients just as anxious to put the whole mess behind them? My take on this is that the ANA opened up a can of worms with its transparency document. The ANA document spells out in excruciating detail what agencies can't do: "Financial and other benefits should be defined as widely as possible." Agencies must return cash rebates, discounts, free/bonus inventory, early payment discounts, barter income, service agreements with media suppliers, consulting or research agreements with media suppliers "and any other forms of consideration." This laundry list of what's off limits provides a handy shopping list for client procurement people to poke their noses into, and provides one more reason why ad budgets are under such scrutiny. Almost a year ago, the ANA came out with its explosive findings that agency rebates in the U.S. are pervasive. The group's 58-page report, which alleged that contracts for rebates and other nontransparent business practices were negotiated and sometimes signed by high-level agency executives, outlined the various agency practices it said were involved, based on "detailed source accounts from dozens of confidential, personal interviews as well as documentary evidence" such as contracts and emails. The 4A's branded the report as having "immense shortcomings—anonymous, inconclusive, and one-sided." Since the report was issued last June, very little has happened to verify the allegations. Omnicom, for one, said its outside legal counsel had asked the ANA and K2 to provide specifics on the investigation, "and they have provided none." Some industry execs feared that the findings could trigger an SEC investigation that could include advertisers. ANA CEO Bob Liodice acknowledged that some advertisers had not ever reviewed contracts to see if their agencies were allowed to keep rebates. So advertisers could be blamed for aiding and abetting. Agency holding companies' financial obligations aren't only to their clients. Equally important are their obligations to stockholders, who expect a robust bottom line. If advertisers insist agencies act solely as agents (and not principals), that's going to restrict the fiduciary duties to their stockholders. Talk about a rock and a hard place! The question is: Can advertisers get in trouble for restricting how agencies make money for their public stockholders? All of the above is just one more reason why advertising is increasingly out of favor at the highest levels of the corporation. There are too many things that can go wrong, there are too many things to measure, there is too much waste. Marc Pritchard said growth has been "pretty anemic" of late, and if the industry believes that advertising is one of the most reliable engines of growth, that's why a trusting client-agency relationship is so crucial. In this article: Ad Tech Agencies Rance Crain Technology Rance Crain Rance Crain is president of Crain Communications and editor-in-chief of Advertising Age. View all articles by this author Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Buck Up, United Airlines! You'll Be OK! By Simon Dumenco - 3 hours ago Array 0 World Wide Whitelist: Will Brand Safety Strip the Web of Its Color? By Garett Sloane - 3 hours ago Array 0 Marketing Technology May Never Consolidate (But That's a Good Thing) By Scott Brinker - 3 hours ago Array 0 Mr. Rogers Doesn't Live Here: Trulia Portrays Neighborhood With No Beautiful Days By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 3 hours ago Array 0 Listen to the New 'Tagline' Podcast With Melissa Etheridge 3 hours ago Array 0 World Wide Whitelist: Will Brand Safety Strip the Web of Its Color? By Garett Sloane - 3 hours ago 0 Introducing Ad Age's 25 Marketing Technology Trailblazers 2017 3 hours ago 0 Buck Up, United Airlines! You'll Be OK! By Simon Dumenco - 3 hours ago 0 Listen to the New 'Tagline' Podcast With Melissa Etheridge 3 hours ago 0 Marketing Technology May Never Consolidate (But That's a Good Thing) By Scott Brinker - 3 hours ago 0 Introducing Ad Age's 25 Marketing Technology Trailblazers 2017 - 3 hours ago 0 World Wide Whitelist: Will Brand Safety Strip the Web of Its Color? By Garett Sloane - 3 hours ago 0 Buck Up, United Airlines! You'll Be OK! By Simon Dumenco - 3 hours ago 0 Meet Ad Age's 2017 Class of Women to Watch Europe - 3 hours ago 0 Mr. Rogers Doesn't Live Here: Trulia Portrays Neighborhood With No Beautiful Days By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 3 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US World Wide Whitelist: Will Brand Safety Strip the Web of Its Color? By Garett Sloane. Published on April 17, 2017. Credit: Illustration by Raul Arias for Advertising Age Most Popular Now that marketers have been reminded of the internet's dark side, whitelists are top of mind. Last year, many digital ad players felt like they'd gotten a handle on fraud and celebrated passing TV in U.S. ad revenue for the first time. Then the perils of programmatic advertising roared back in the form of fake news sites and offensive YouTube videos, all underwritten by unwitting major marketers. Brands like Procter & Gamble and Chase are now scouring the web to reassert control, assembling lists of preapproved publishers worthy of their budgets. Major ad buyers such as GroupM and Omnicom Media Group are working on similar solutions to offer clients. The ad-supported world wide web is abruptly in danger of shrinking from a sprawling, inventive and untamed territory to a set of safe spaces for advertisers, possibly changing the character of the internet in the process. "There is not a million sites that make sense for all advertisers," said Marc Goldberg, CEO of Trust Metrics, a tech firm that grades online content for quality. "The number of marketable domains is much smaller." Whitelists of preapproved publishers give brands the control they are demanding, but they also undermine the prime benefits of digital advertising: the seemingly infinite inventory and ways to target consumers. "If you're using programmatic to generate efficient reach and scale with ad targeting, whitelists can hamper the ability to do that broadly," said Joe Barone, GroupM's managing partner of digital ad operations. Related Stories New YouTube Rules Restrict Ads to Vetted Channels as PewDiePie Declares The 'Adpocalypse' Omnicom Will Sort Through YouTube Videos to Make Sure They're Appropriate for Brands Meet the Man Behind YouTube's Sudden Ad Crisis. He Has a Patented Fix Premium inventory could also fall prey to selling and reselling by powerful brokers, like tickets to the only concert in town. "If fewer sites are 'eligible' for ads, then this becomes much more of an investment play," said Jared Belsky, president of 360i, an agency known for its digital prowess. "The big guys gobble up inventory and arbitrage it all over the place, re­creating the ad networks of the past, which we are running from." Smaller content creators, not necessarily offensive but not preapproved either, could also be stuck in an underfunded zone, cut off from automated ad flows. "The only risk I care about is making sure the individual creators and smaller sites still have an equal opportunity," said Jason Kint, CEO of publisher trade group Digital Content Next. "If a new property launches and does everything right, it could still have trouble getting on that whitelist." Still, the new regard for quality holds promise for trusted publishers, according to Kint. "It separates the wheat from the chaff," he said. "Premium inventory becomes more scarce and more properly valued, and junk becomes junk." Digital media's ad crisis kicked off in January, when Procter & Gamble, the world's top advertiser, threatened to stop paying publishers, agencies and ad tech sellers that don't meet its standards on issues like ad viewability. "The days of giving digital a pass are over," P&G Chief Brand Officer Marc Pritchard proclaimed. "It's time to grow up. It's time for action." Action came in March, as marketers from General Motors to Walmart paused their advertising with YouTube after press reports showed their ads supporting violent and offensive videos, placed there by automated systems that couldn't account for content. That ultimately prompted YouTube to restrict its ad program to channels with at least 10,000 lifetime views and an approved application. Finally, JPMorgan Chase cut its digital advertising to 5,000 freshly preapproved sites from 400,000 bought by machines—without paying more or hurting performance. Its move was motivated by a New York Times reporter who pointed out that a Chase ad ran on the site Hillary 4 Prison, beneath a headline claiming that Elijah Wood had spilled "the horrifying truth about the Satanic liberal perverts who run Hollywood." It seems that the entire ad industry is demanding accountability. The ground was prepared by the outcry over the "fake news" phenomenon that many people said impacted the presidential election. The industry had been looking for fraud and bots, but didn't consider the real traffic going to websites publishing made-up headlines. "Fake news, terrorism, advertising fraud—it's all related," said one digital media executive, speaking on condition of anonymity to discuss the ad industry's deepest problems. GroupM and Omnicom Media Group, as well as ad tech companies like Integral Ad Science, are trying to help brands understand how to whitelist without going too far. Integral Ad Science, for instance, said it can grade almost every page on the internet for brand risk, then let brands decide what risk levels they can support. They say extreme, iron-clad whitelists should apply only to brands with the lowest tolerance for risk. That sort of system can't guarantee that every brand will always show up only where it wants, so audits are conducted afterward. "The flight to quality doesn't mean only buying ads on 1,000 websites," said David Hahn, chief product officer at Integral Ad Science. "Brands need to embrace the technology and tools to understand the type of media they're buying and make effective decisions whether that media is appropriate for them or not." In this article: Ad Tech Agencies Digital Digital Video Media Programmatic Social TV Technology The CMO Guide Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Amore Pacific Becomes World's 7th-Biggest Cosmetics Maker By Lee Hai-woon Facebook 0 Twitter 0 E-mail More Google+ LinkedIn KakaoStory April 18, 2017 12:46 Amore Pacific has become the world's 7th biggest cosmetics maker thanks chiefly to booming sales in Asia. Amore Pacific is the first Korean cosmetics firm to feature in the top 10 at all, beating even established behemoths Johnson and Johnson, Chanel and Avon, as well as Kao and Guerlain to rise five notches last year. Perennial leader L'Oréal took the top spot, followed by Unilever, Procter & Gamble, and Estée Lauder. LG Household and Healthcare's global ranking also rose from 19th in 2015 to 17th last year. Industry bible Women's Wear Daily published the global rankings on Monday based on sales. It was only in 2007 that Amore Pacific entered the top 20. Park Jong-dae, an analyst at Hana Daetoo Securities, said, "The cosmetics industry has been a leading top-end industry dominated by the U.S., Europe and Japan, and if Amore Pacific wants to make further headway it has to succeed not just in China but in the U.S. and Europe as well." The rapid growth is due to a successful strategy of focusing on cosmetics that highlight natural skin tones, differentiating itself from rivals who focused on color makeup. Amore Pacific achieved sales of W6.7 trillion last year and a quarter of that came from overseas (US$1=W1,138). Adding in duty-free shop sales, which accounted for another 25 percent of 2016 revenues, almost half came from non-Korean customers. WWD attributed the success to the steady sales of its top five brands in China, which mostly focus on skincare products. Now the firm wants to step up marketing in the U.S. and Europe. It plans to expand its product portfolio by making an additional brand available in Europe and in the U.S. in the second half of this year. "The focus in the European market is shifting from color makeup and perfume to products that promote healthy skin, so our products have a competitive edge there," a spokesman said. The company also plans to diversify markets in Southeast Asia to deal with an unofficial Chinese boycott of Korean brands over the stationing of a Terminal High-Altitude Area Defense battery here. Singapore, Malaysia and Thailand will be used as bridgeheads to expand sales networks into emerging markets like Vietnam, Indonesia and the Philippines. Amore Pacific also set up a Middle Eastern branch in Dubai last year and plans to expand sales with more diversified products there later this year. Copyright © Chosunilbo & Chosun.com Previous Next All Headlines Back to Top
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Air Care in The United Arab Emirates Summary Latest Market  Research Report ” Air Care in The United Arab Emirates” by orbisresearch.com Description As it is a category that is considered niche by most of the country’s residents, demand slowed down for air care in 2016. Consumers wishing to limit their spending gave up products such as air care, as a means to increase their savings or allocate their spending to more basic goods. This behaviour was due to the drop in consumer confidence, as a result of the economic struggles the country has faced. Air Care in United Arab Emirates market report offers a comprehensive guide to the size and shape of the market at a national level. It provides the latest retail sales data (historic date range), allowing you to identify the sectors driving growth. It identifies the leading companies, the leading brands and offers strategic analysis of key factors influencing the market – be they new product developments, packaging innovations, economic/lifestyle influences, distribution or pricing issues. Forecasts to 2021 illustrate how the market is set to change. Product coverage: Candle Air Fresheners, Car Air Fresheners, Electric Air Fresheners, Gel Air Fresheners, Liquid Air Fresheners, Other Air Care, Spray/Aerosol Air Fresheners. Data coverage: market sizes (historic and forecasts), company shares, brand shares and distribution data. Why buy this report? Get a detailed picture of the Air Care market; Pinpoint growth sectors and identify factors driving change; Understand the competitive environment, the market’s major players and leading brands; Use five-year forecasts to assess how the market is predicted to develop. Air Care in United Arab Emirates Market Report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/256584 . Some Points Of TOC: Headlines Trends Competitive Landscape Prospects Category Data Table 1 Sales of Air Care by Category: Value 2011-2016 Table 2 Sales of Air Care by Category: % Value Growth 2011-2016 Table 3 Sales of Electric Air Fresheners by Battery Operated vs Plug-in: % Value 2011-2016 Table 4 Sales of Air Care by Fragrance: Value Ranking 2011-2016 Table 5 NBO Company Shares of Air Care: % Value 2012-2016 Table 6 LBN Brand Shares of Air Care: % Value 2013-2016 Table 7 Forecast Sales of Air Care by Category: Value 2016-2021 Table 8 Forecast Sales of Air Care by Category: % Value Growth 2016-2021 Procter & Gamble Gulf Fze in Home Care (united Arab Emirates) Strategic Direction Key Facts Summary 1 Procter & Gamble Gulf FZE: Key Facts Competitive Positioning Summary 2 Procter & Gamble Gulf FZE: Competitive Position 2016 Reckitt Benckiser Arabia Fze in Home Care (united Arab Emirates) Strategic Direction No. of Report Pages:  18 Got any Query? Feel free to ask us at : http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/enquiry-before-buying/256584   About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 CategoriesUncategorized TagsAir Care in United Arab Emirates Industry, Air Care in United Arab Emirates market, Air Care Market, Air Care market Application, Air Care Market Size, Automotive, Google News, satellite, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Internet of Things (IoT) Testing Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Apparel Accessories in Brazil Search Recent Posts Asian Speciality Drinks in Indonesia Dialyzer Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Apparel Accessories in Brazil Air Care in The United Arab Emirates Internet of Things (IoT) Testing Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content The Atlantic Popular Latest Sections Sections Politics & Policy Culture Business Science Technology Health Education U.S. Global News Notes Photo Video Events Writers Projects Next America Magazine Magazine Current issue All issues Manage subscription Subscribe More More Create account Your account Sign in Sign out Newsletters Life Timeline Events Books Shop View all Subscribe Search Search Quick Links James Fallows Ta Nehisi Coates Manage subscription Quick Links James Fallows Ta Nehisi Coates Manage subscription Crest Has a Terrible Leaking-Toothpaste Problem The mess made me appreciate good toothpaste-tube design. Crest Pro-Health toothpaste at a supermarket in 2006, when P&G was first launched it. Jeff Chiu / AP Most Popular The Seven Signs You're in a Cult Boze Herrington Jun 18, 2014 America Can’t Do Much About North Korea Ian Buruma Apr 17, 2017 What in the World Is Causing the Retail Meltdown of 2017? Derek Thompson Apr 10, 2017 Frank and Steven’s Excellent Corporate-Raiding Adventure Frank Partnoy and Steven Davidoff Solomon Apr 16, 2017 The Six Main Arcs in Storytelling, as Identified by an A.I. Adrienne LaFrance Jul 12, 2016 Sarah Zhang Apr 17, 2017 Health Share Tweet … LinkedIn Email Print Text Size At first, I blamed my boyfriend. A shared bathroom is already the site of so many petty annoyances that naturally I assumed the regular puddles of blue toothpaste on our sink were his fault. He could not, after all, be trusted to orientate the toilet paper properly, so why would I trust him to close the cap on the toothpaste? Then I tried to put the cap on the Crest Pro-Health tube, and it would not snap shut. Huh, not his fault. I wiped up the puddle. I forgot about it. I wiped up another puddle the next day. We finished the tube. I was happy to let this bygone be bygone until I learned it is a thing. Crest Pro-Health toothpaste is a known leaker. The cap does not close properly and the paste oozes out and I am not alone. Last week, GQ writer Caity Weaver tweeted a PSA, unleashing a tide of Crest complaints. PSA 2 save a life: This is the worst toothpaste ever designed by man OR demon. It will turn yr bathroom into a bright blue toothpaste swamp pic.twitter.com/KRi7ZcME43 — Caity Weaver (@caityweaver) April 10, 2017 Update: One brave Twitter user has created a Twitter moment about the LEAKING NEON HORRORS of Crest Pro Health https://t.co/W3dg4vsit7 — Caity Weaver (@caityweaver) April 10, 2017 The complaints seem to date at least as far back as 2009. To be fair, this does not appear to happen with every single tube or every single user. Some people seem to think this is the fault of a less enlightened brusher. Stop squeezing your tube from the middle, they say. Store your toothpaste cap-side down, they say. Do not let a debate over proper toothpaste-squeezing or storage technique distract you. As an adult with average inclination toward oral hygiene, I have used hundreds of tubes of toothpaste the same way and never had a leaking problem. Something is specifically wrong with Crest Pro-Health. Besides, I called up a professional, Bryce Rutter, an expert in ergonomics and hand-intensive devices, and he had this to say: “I’m kind of shocked this is still on the market. Really, this is a very gross oversight in design.” Crest recognizes the problem. A spokesperson said in an email, “I can confirm that we (a cross-functional team including Brand and R&D) are actively working on a solution, and hope to have it in market soon.” She added that the toothpaste was reformulated in early 2017, and that new packaging would be on the market in 6 months to a year. What is so terribly wrong about the current packaging? I asked Rutter to critique the design. (Rutter has worked on oral care products for Oral-B, now part of Crest’s parent company, Procter & Gamble, as well as many of its competitors.) I am a kind, intelligent, independent diva and I shouldn't have to live like this pic.twitter.com/AZzbJfI5gt — Caity Weaver (@caityweaver) April 10, 2017 The big problem, according to Rutter, is the way the cap snaps shut. The spout where the toothpaste comes out has a slight lip. When the circle of plastic on the inside of the lid passes over this lip, you get the satisfying snap that tells you the lid is closed and will stay closed. It works great when the toothpaste tube is new. But when the pieces have to fit together so precisely, you don’t have much leeway. “If you have half a millimeter of build-up of toothpaste inside the cap, the tolerance of the parts are such it won’t snap,” says Rutter. And it won’t close.  The fix, he says, is simply to move the snap mechanism to a different part of the cap, like the edge. After repeatedly squeezing and staring at a tube of Crest Pro-Health and the non-Crest, non-leaking toothpaste I’m currently using, I think the problem is not the cap alone. As Lisa Pierce, the executive editor of the trade publication Packaging Digest, puts it, “It could be the combination of the package and product.” Crest Pro-Health is more liquidy than typical toothpaste, which makes it more prone to smearing and leaking, which makes the cap harder to close, which makes it leak even more, and so on. The toothpaste has also a gritty texture, and the tiny, hard particles may lodge in the snap mechanism.  (Crest’s statement: “The current Crest Pro-Health product is uniquely formulated to deliver superior health benefits including cavity, plaque, gingivitis, and sensitivity protection. This unique formulation presents some package challenges which we have been focusing on solving.”) @Crest Is this normal for your Pro Health toothpaste or did I just get some crazy runny tube? So annoying! pic.twitter.com/fy2t5blyPj — Nicki P Bunt (@npbunting) January 27, 2016 After writing several hundred words about this admittedly tiny irritation, I feel I need to say at the risk of she doth protest too much: I’m not mad. But rather, this has been an illuminating window into the usually invisible work of creating a functional, non-leaking toothpaste tube. These plastic caps might cost pennies and get tossed out thoughtlessly, but they are highly engineered. The parts have to fit together precisely and a sub-millimeter error can throw the whole thing off. Designing household items also requires thinking through all the different use cases. Maybe this flip-top cap opens and shuts fine for a person of average thumb strength. But what about a kid who also needs toothpaste? An elderly man with Parkinson’s? A woman with a manicure? “With closures, most of the designs are done by males,” says Rutter. “And what I always tell my industrial designers in my company is you need to go out and buy some fake fingernails and spend a day with them because it really changes the way you use your finger tips.”   Pierce, the Packaging Digest editor, notes that the modern toothpaste packaging form—plastic tube, wide flat top—is actually a somewhat recent invention. One major change was the conversion from aluminum tubes to laminate tubes made of layered plastic. Aluminum was originally chosen because it is good at keeping oxygen out of the tube and thus keeping the toothpaste fresh. But it’s also susceptible to dings and dents. “For laminate tubes, you could have a gorilla jump on it and it’ll still look good,” says Pierce. And in the ’80s or ’90s, she says, toothpaste makers started switching from screw tops to flip tops, which have the added convenience of letting you open them with only one hand. You also don’t have to worry about dropping the cap. It’s what the people wanted. As the Crest spokesperson said, “The flip-top cap is the result of extensive market research to serve a diverse consumer population, including those with specific dexterity needs.” If only, perhaps, they had paid a bit more attention to our non-leaking needs. Share Tweet Comments Latest Video The Surge of Refugees Fleeing the U.S. for Canada Ignites Debate Hundreds of asylum seekers have illegally crossed the border into Emerson, Manitoba, dividing the small town. Nicolas Pollock Apr 17, 2017 About the Author Sarah Zhang is a staff writer at The Atlantic. Twitter Most Popular Presented by Boze Herrington/The Atlantic The Seven Signs You're in a Cult Boze Herrington A former member of a tight-knit college prayer group describes his community's disintegration—and how one of its members ended up dead. November 2, 2012, was a beautiful Friday in Kansas City—clear and cool and sunny. I had spent the afternoon reading in the library at an unaccredited college affiliated with the International House of Prayer, an evangelical Christian organization commonly referred to as IHOP (no relation to the restaurant). Around 6 pm, I got a call from my friend Hannah*. “I found out something that’s truly devastating. I didn’t want to tell you this way, but I want you to know,” she said. “Bethany Leidlein committed suicide on Tuesday.” I was shocked. For seven years, I had spent hours every day with Bethany, eating and talking and praying. We had been best friends. She was 27, newly married; she had just completed her nursing degree. I felt like she would always be part of my life. Continue Reading Damir Sagolj / Reuters America Can’t Do Much About North Korea Ian Buruma But whatever it can do, it will need China. When asked by the Financial Times on April 2 about working with China to reduce the nuclear threat from North Korea, President Donald Trump replied: “Well, if China is not going to solve North Korea, we will. That is all I am telling you.” Quite how this would be done, the president declined to divulge. In the weeks that followed, the hostile standoff in Northeast Asia heated up. As a U.S. Navy aircraft carrier sped towards the Korean peninsula, the North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un celebrated the “Day of the Sun” (the day before Easter Sunday) by standing on a platform for hours reviewing a parade of long-range missiles, scuds, and other  hardware. The launch of a ballistic missile on that same morning, however, ended in failure, as the weapon blew up as soon as it took off. Continue Reading Mark Blinch / Reuters What in the World Is Causing the Retail Meltdown of 2017? Derek Thompson In the middle of an economic recovery, hundreds of shops and malls are shuttering. The reasons why go far beyond Amazon. From rural strip-malls to Manhattan’s avenues, it has been a disastrous two years for retail. There have been nine retail bankruptcies in 2017—as many as all of 2016. J.C. Penney, RadioShack, Macy’s, and Sears have each announced more than 100 store closures. Sports Authority has liquidated, and Payless has filed for bankruptcy. Last week, several apparel companies’ stocks hit new multi-year lows, including Lululemon, Urban Outfitters, and American Eagle, and Ralph Lauren announced that it is closing its flagship Polo store on Fifth Avenue, one of several brands to abandon that iconic thoroughfare. A deep recession might explain an extinction-level event for large retailers. But GDP has been growing for eight straight years, gas prices are low, unemployment is under 5 percent, and the last 18 months have been quietly excellent years for wage growth, particularly for middle- and lower-income Americans. Continue Reading Justin Fantl Frank and Steven’s Excellent Corporate-Raiding Adventure Frank Partnoy and Steven Davidoff Solomon Two law professors tried to mimic big activist hedge funds, investing their retirement savings in a small, languishing public company and trying to shake it up. Here’s what happened. If we had showered or shaved or not been dressed in wrinkled shirts, we would have gotten out of our rented Hyundai to speak with the man in the blue blazer who was walking into the Balboa Bay Resort, a hotel and private club in Newport Beach, California. It was Gregory S. Bielli, the president and CEO of the Tejon Ranch Company. We’d met him once before, when we were in a better frame of mind. Tejon Ranch is a small public company headquartered in Lebec, about an hour north of Los Angeles, and its main asset is obvious from Interstate 5: real estate. The company owns the largest continuous expanse of private land in California, a 270,000-acre parcel—about half the size of Rhode Island—wedged between two national forests, Los Padres and Sequoia. Continue Reading Wikimedia The Six Main Arcs in Storytelling, as Identified by an A.I. Adrienne LaFrance A machine mapped the most frequently used emotional trajectories in fiction, and compared them with the ones readers like best. “My prettiest contribution to my culture,” the writer Kurt Vonnegut mused in his 1981 autobiography Palm Sunday, “was a master’s thesis in anthropology which was rejected by the University of Chicago a long time ago.” By then, he said, the thesis had long since vanished. (“It was rejected because it was so simple and looked like too much fun,” Vonnegut explained.) But he continued to carry the idea with him for many years after that, and spoke publicly about it more than once. It was, essentially, this: “There is no reason why the simple shapes of stories can’t be fed into computers. They are beautiful shapes.” That explanation comes from a lecture he gave, and which you can still watch on YouTube, that involves Vonnegut mapping the narrative arc of popular storylines along a simple graph. The X-axis represents the chronology of the story, from beginning to end, while the Y-axis represents the experience of the protagonist, on a spectrum of ill fortune to good fortune. “This is an exercise in relativity, really,” Vonnegut explains. “The shape of the curve is what matters.” Continue Reading HBO What Was Missing From the Girls Finale Sophie Gilbert The HBO show’s last episode lost sight of a difficult character’s greatest strengths. How should a show end, when it’s as groundbreaking, contrarian, and frequently infuriating as Girls has been for six seasons? With a wedding? With a flash forward to 50-something Hannah ranting peevishly about how inconvenient Brooklyn’s emergency climate-change evacuations are for her schedule? With a brunch reunion, in homage to Sex and the City, followed by a montage of all four main characters (or five, since all non-Hannah scenes essentially became The Elijah Show in season six) living out their truths? The ending Lena Dunham, Jenni Konner, and Judd Apatow eventually landed on was none of these things, although it did leap ahead to a few months after the events of “Goodbye Tour,” where Hannah, Shosh, Jessa, and Marnie agreed by default that their friendship was over. Rather, “Latching” felt like one of the show’s frequent Hannah-centric interludes, which have been abundant in Season 6, between “All I Ever Wanted” and “American Bitch.” But something vital was missing. Whether or not you’re a fan of Hannah, it’s become apparent by now that her creative instincts are her most redeeming quality as a character. She might be lethargic, slovenly, and self-centered to the point of absurdity, but she’s an astute observer of people, an apparently gifted writer and storyteller, and an oddly incisive moralist. “American Bitch” was fascinating as an episode because it allowed Hannah to showcase all of these strengths and more. Continue Reading Screenshot from the Uber app Uber’s PR Nightmare, a Field Guide Adrienne LaFrance When a company’s reputation tanks, everything looks like a scandal. A lot of people seem to hate Uber. But the paradoxical thing about the ride-sharing giant’s notoriety is that it’s both unfair and totally justified. Taxi companies have long railed against Uber for disrupting their industry—but people flocked to ride-sharing for its convenience and reliability. (In other words, taxis were dominating a sector that was theirs to lose.) Misinformation has, at times, cemented the company's bad reputation. Then again, Uber has messed up—deeply and repeatedly—for years now. Even for a company that’s infamously scandalous, 2017 has been a banner year. Which means that, these days, every new revelation seems like more bad news for Uber—even when it’s maybe not so straightforward. Continue Reading Yagiz Karahan / Reuters Turkey’s Referendum: How Democracies Decline Uri Friedman Sometimes, it’s not with a coup, but with a vote. Supporters of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan are hailing the results of Turkey’s referendum on Sunday as a victory for democracy. But a victory for what kind of democracy? Not the kind that emphasizes civil liberties, the rule of law, the rights of minority groups, and checks and balances on the power exercised by any one branch of government—the “liberal democracy” that is dominant in the West. The constitutional change narrowly approved by the Turkish electorate will turn the country’s parliamentary system into a presidential one, greatly expanding the powers of a president who has already managed, in his more limited capacity, to arrest thousands of political opponents and virtually wipe out freedom of the press. The authority of Parliament and the judiciary might atrophy. Erdogan, who has effectively been running Turkey for the last 14 years, will be granted an opportunity to extend his rule. He claims the reforms will end political gridlock and dysfunction, thus shielding the country—which is beset by economic struggles and the civil war in neighboring Syria—from an array of threats. And there’s a basis for these justifications; the Turkish republic has suffered several military coups, the most recent attempt coming just last summer. But security and stability are also the types of things you invoke if you’re a strongman hoping to grow stronger. Continue Reading Joshua Roberts / Reuters How School Choice Turns Education Into a Commodity Jason Blakely Schools are a public good that extreme market proliferation would eventually destroy. Buoyed by Donald Trump’s championing of a voucher system—and cheered on by his education secretary Betsy DeVos—Arizona just passed one of the country's most thoroughgoing policies in favor of so-called “school of choice.” The legislation signed by Governor Doug Ducey allows students who withdraw from the public system to use their share of state funding for private school, homeschooling, or online education. Making educational funding “portable” is part of a much wider political movement that began in the 1970s—known to scholars as neoliberalism—which views the creation of markets as necessary for the existence of individual liberty. In the neoliberal view, if your public institutions and spaces don’t resemble markets, with a range of consumer options, then you aren’t really free. The goal of neoliberalism is thereby to rollback the state, privatize public services, or (as in the case of vouchers) engineer forms of consumer choice and market discipline in the public sector. Continue Reading Reuters How Wall Street Once Killed the U.S. Solar Industry Robinson Meyer … and how it could happen again. Why is the American solar-power industry so small? It’s less obvious than it may seem. The global industry is a $65-billion business, and the United States has been involved in it from the beginning. NASA first improved and perfected panels for early satellite and Apollo missions. American firms have been manufacturing and selling solar panels for 40 years. Yet North American firms produce only about 3 percent of the world’s solar panels. China and Taiwan, meanwhile, make more than 60 percent of them. Labor in East Asia is often cheaper than it is in the United States, but that’s not the only factor. Consider the global semiconductor industry. Both computer chips and solar panels emerged from the Cold War research-and-development boom. Both were commercialized before 1980, as American-invented products sold by American-owned firms. And both markets were essentially controlled by the United States before the rise of Asian firms in the mid-1980s and ’90s. Continue Reading 'I've Done Horrible Things for Dope' Katherine Wells A haunting documentary about a West Virginia town plagued by painkiller addiction Watch Video Barack Obama Is Okay With the Criticism Jackie Lay and Ta-Nehisi Coates The former president explains what it’s like to be both a person and a symbol. Watch Video Oregon's Invisible Beauty Nadine Ajaka A stunning time-lapse captures the landscape under infrared light. Watch Video More Popular Stories Show Comments Home Share Tweet Subscribe Get 10 issues a year and save 65% off the cover price. State Alabama Alaska Alberta American Samoa APO/FPO-Africa APO/FPO-Canada APO/FPO-Europe APO/FPO-Middle East APO/FPO-Americas APO/FPO-Pacific Arizona Arkansas British Columbia California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Manitoba Marshall Islands Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Micronesia Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Brunswick New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York Newfoundland Newfoundland-Labrador North Carolina North Dakota Northern Mariana Isles Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ohio Oklahoma Ontario Oregon Palau Pennsylvania Prince Edward Island Puerto Rico Quebec Quebec Rhode Island Saskatchewan South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Yukon Territories Fraud Alert regarding The Atlantic Newsletters+ The Atlantic The Atlantic Daily This Week This Month New Photo Galleries Top Videos This Week Politics & Policy Daily CityLab Today’s Top Stories This Week's Most Popular Stories I want to receive updates from partners and sponsors. Follow+ Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS App Store About+ Masthead FAQ Press Jobs Shop Books Emporium Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Advertising Guidelines Terms and Conditions Manage Subscription Responsible Disclosure Site Map Copyright © 2017 by The Atlantic Monthly Group. All Rights Reserved. Close Skip to article in Skip Ad > Close
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by Military News Revlon Names Chris Peterson as its Chief Operating Officer, Operations NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Revlon, Inc. (NYSE:REV) announced today the appointment of Mr. Christopher (“Chris”) Peterson to the new role of Chief Operating Officer, Operations, effective immediately. In this capacity, Mr. Peterson will be responsible for overseeing the Company’s Global Supply Chain, Finance and IT functions. Mr. Peterson will report to Mr. Fabian Garcia, President & CEO of Revlon. Prior to joining Revlon, Mr. Peterson served in a number of senior executive positions at Ralph Lauren Corporation, including most recently as its President, Global Brands, a position he held since 2015. In this role, Mr. Peterson was responsible for overseeing Ralph Lauren’s Global Brand Presidents, as well as its Chief Financial Officer, Investor Relations, Information Technology & Real Estate. From 2014 to 2015, Mr. Peterson was Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer and Chief Financial Officer at Ralph Lauren and joined the company in 2012 as its Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Ralph Lauren, Mr. Peterson spent 20 years at The Procter & Gamble Company in management and financial leadership roles of increasing responsibility. Commenting on today’s announcement, Mr. Garcia said, „Chris brings strong financial acumen, operational expertise and decades of experience leading global organizations for consumer and luxury brand companies and will be a tremendous asset to our organization. Partnering with our senior executive team, I am confident that Chris will leverage his talents to help us execute our strategy and deliver long-term sustainable growth and profitability.” “This is a very exciting time to join Revlon, with the recent acquisition of Elizabeth Arden and as the company enhances its position as a global beauty leader,” said Mr. Peterson. “I look forward to working with Fabian and Revlon’s leadership team to drive growth and value creation for all stakeholders.” About Revlon, Inc. Revlon has developed a long-standing reputation as a color authority and beauty trendsetter in the world of color cosmetics and hair care. Since its breakthrough launch of the first opaque nail enamel in 1932, Revlon has provided consumers with high quality product innovation, performance and sophisticated glamour. In 2016, Revlon acquired the iconic Elizabeth Arden® portfolio of brands, including its leading designer, heritage and celebrity fragrances. Today, the Revlon Beauty’s Group’s diversified portfolio of brands is sold in approximately 150 countries around the world in most retail distribution channels, including mass, salon and prestige. Revlon ranks among the top 20 global beauty companies, with product offerings in color cosmetics, skincare, hair color and care, beauty tools, men’s grooming products, anti-perspirant deodorants and other beauty care products fragrances under brands such as Revlon, Elizabeth Arden, Revlon ColorSilk, Revlon Professional, American Crew, Almay, Mitchum, Cutex, Elizabeth Taylor, Britney Spears, Juicy Couture, Curve, John Varvatos and Christina Aguilera. Please visit http://www.revlon.com for the latest news and information about Revlon and its brands. Forward-Looking Statements Statements made in this press release, which are not historical facts, including statements about the Company’s plans, strategies, focus, beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking and are subject to the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and, except for the Company’s ongoing obligations under the U.S. federal securities laws, the Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether to reflect actual results of operations; changes in financial condition; changes in general U.S. or international economic, industry or cosmetics category conditions; changes in estimates, expectations or assumptions; or other circumstances, conditions, developments or events arising after the issuance of this press release. Such forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements as to the Company’s expectations and beliefs that: (i) partnering with our senior executive team, Chris will leverage his talents to help us execute our strategy and deliver long-term sustainable growth and profitability; and (ii) Chris will work with Fabian and Revlon’s leadership team, to drive growth and value creation for all stakeholders. Actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements for a number of reasons, including those set forth in our filings with the SEC, including, without limitation, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K that we have filed or will file with the SEC during 2017 (which may be viewed on the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov or on our website at http://www.revloninc.com), as well as reasons including: difficulties with, delays in and/or the Company’s inability to execute its strategy, deliver long-term sustainable growth and profitability and drive growth and value creation for all stakeholders, such as due to unanticipated circumstances or results affecting the Company’s financial performance, including decreased consumer spending in response to weak economic conditions or weakness in the consumption of beauty care products; adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates; decreased sales of the Company’s products as a result of increased competitive activities by the Company’s competitors and/or decreased performance by third party suppliers; changes in consumer preferences, such as reduced consumer demand for the Company’s products or lower than expected customer and/or consumer acceptance of the Company’s existing or new products; lower than expected results from the Company’s advertising, promotional, pricing and/or marketing plans; higher than expected sales returns related to any reduction of space and/or inventory management by the Company’s customers; changes in consumer purchasing habits, including with respect to retailer preferences and/or among sales channels; and/or higher than expected synergy and integration program costs and expenses related to the Elizabeth Arden acquisition. Factors other than those listed above could also cause the Company’s results to differ from expected results. Additionally, the business and financial materials and any other statement or disclosure on or made available through the Company’s websites or other websites referenced herein shall not be incorporated by reference into this release. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Hadoop Big Data Analytics Market Expected to Grow at CAGR 26.5% During 2016 to 2022 Next PostNext Colorectal Cancer Market Expected to Grow at CAGR 1.8% During 2016 to 2022 Search Recent Posts Electrochemical Workstation Market Forecast to 2021 with Key Companies Profile, Supply, Demand, Cost Structure, and SWOT Analysis Single Bivalent Antibodies Market Share, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2021 Global GaN Power Transistors Market 2017-2022 TriQuint, Panasonic, MACOM, on Semiconductor Global Gesture Recognition for Smart TV Market 2017-2022 EyeSight Mobile Technologies, LG Electronics, PointGrab, Samsung, ArcSoft Global Gigabit Switches Market 2017-2022 HUAWEI, CISCO, Tenda, NETGEAR, D-Link Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by Military News Household Cleaner Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 . Household Cleaner Market Supply and Consumption 2017 Market Research Report PUNE, INDIA, April 17, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — In this report, the global Household Cleaner market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report split global into several key Regions, with sales (K MT), revenue (Million USD), market share and growth rate of Household Cleaner for these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering United States China Europe Japan Southeast Asia India GET SAMPLE REPORT @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1185472-global-household-cleaner-sales-market-report-2017 Global Household Cleaner market competition by top manufacturers/players, with Household Cleaner sales volume, Price (USD/MT), revenue (Million USD) and market share for each manufacturer/player; the top players including Henkel Bombril Colgate Palmolive McBride Church & Dwight Co.Inc. Kao Corporation Godrej Consumer Products SC Johnson & Son The Clorox Company Seventh Generation Procter & Gamble Reckitt Benckiser Group plc Unilever On the basis of product, this report displays the sales volume (K MT), revenue (Million USD), product price (USD/MT), market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Surface Cleaner Specialty Cleaner Bleaches On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate of Household Cleaner for each application, including Bathroom Cleaner Kitchen Cleaner Floor Cleaner Fabric Cleaner Others Table of Content: Key Points Global Household Cleaner Sales Market Report 2017 1 Household Cleaner Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Household Cleaner 1.2 Classification of Household Cleaner by Product Category 1.2.1 Global Household Cleaner Market Size (Sales) Comparison by Type (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Household Cleaner Market Size (Sales) Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Surface Cleaner 1.2.4 Specialty Cleaner 1.2.5 Bleaches 1.3 Global Household Cleaner Market by Application/End Users 1.3.1 Global Household Cleaner Sales (Volume) and Market Share Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Bathroom Cleaner 1.3.3 Kitchen Cleaner 1.3.4 Floor Cleaner 1.3.5 Fabric Cleaner 1.3.6 Others 1.4 Global Household Cleaner Market by Region 1.4.1 Global Household Cleaner Market Size (Value) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 United States Household Cleaner Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 China Household Cleaner Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 Europe Household Cleaner Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Household Cleaner Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Household Cleaner Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Household Cleaner Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value and Volume) of Household Cleaner (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Household Cleaner Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Household Cleaner Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 2 Global Household Cleaner Competition by Players/Suppliers, Type and Application 2.1 Global Household Cleaner Market Competition by Players/Suppliers 2.1.1 Global Household Cleaner Sales and Market Share of Key Players/Suppliers (2012-2017) 2.1.2 Global Household Cleaner Revenue and Share by Players/Suppliers (2012-2017) 2.2 Global Household Cleaner (Volume and Value) by Type 2.2.1 Global Household Cleaner Sales and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 2.2.2 Global Household Cleaner Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 2.3 Global Household Cleaner (Volume and Value) by Region 2.3.1 Global Household Cleaner Sales and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 2.3.2 Global Household Cleaner Revenue and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 2.4 Global Household Cleaner (Volume) by Application …Continued ACCESS REPORT @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1185472-global-household-cleaner-sales-market-report-2017 Get in touch: LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/4828928 Twitter: https://twitter.com/WiseGuyReports Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/Wiseguyreports-1009007869213183/?fref=ts Norah Trent wiseguyreports +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Microphone Market To Reach $2.07 Billion With 6.94% CAGR Forecast To 2022 Next PostNext Clothing and Footwear Retail Market 2017 – Global Sales,Price,Revenue,Gross Margin and Market Share Search Recent Posts Bangladesh and World Bank Partner together to Strengthen E-governance and Improve Dhaka’s Air Quality Global Gas Spring Market 2017 : Industry Trends and Analysis Report Network Camera Market to Rear Excessive Growth During 2017 – 2025 Network Camera Market to Rear Excessive Growth During 2017 – 2025 Carotenoids Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper BS Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-CM » Equities » Market Report Den Networks biggest loser on BSE's 'A' group Business Standard Market breadth turns negative from positive Capital Market  April 17, 2017 Last Updated at 13:24 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UUxhQ4 ALSO READ Market hovering near flat line Market turns range bound Market drops for third day in a row Shares open higher on positive global cues Benchmark indices settle with small losses Key benchmark indices continued to trade with small losses in afternoon trade. At 13:25 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was down 25.91 points or 0.09% at 29,435.54. Trading activity was thin as many global markets remained close for a holiday. Sentiment was subdued on rising geopolitical concerns. Local equities kick-started trading for the week with slim gains as trading resumed after a long weekend. Domestic bourses were shut on Friday, 14 April 2017, on account of public holiday. After slipping into the red in morning trade, indices staged a recovery in mid-morning trade. Indices once again slipped into the red and hovered within a small range in negative terrain in early afternoon trade. The BSE Mid-Cap index was up 0.05%. The BSE Small-Cap index was up 0.35%. Both these indices outperformed the Sensex. The market breadth, indicating the overall health of the market, turned negative from positive. On the BSE, 1,381 shares fell and 1,362 shares rose. A total of 144 shares were unchanged. Most FMCG stocks declined. Tata Global Beverages (down 0.47%), Britannia Industries (down 0.34%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care (down 0.39%), Hindustan Unilever (HUL) (down 0.31%), Colgate Palmolive India (down 0.8%), GlaxoSmithkline Consumer Healthcare (down 1.43%), Godrej Consumer Products (down 0.45%), and Nestle India (down 1.61%) declined. Marico (up 0.13%), Dabur India (up 1.45 %), and Jyothy Laboratories (up 9.38%) gained. Bajaj Corp tumbled 6.73% after net profit fell 2.9% to Rs 52.67 crore on 1.9% decline in net sales to Rs 204.21 crore in Q4 March 2017 over Q4 March 2016. The result was announced at the fag end of the trading session on Thursday, 13 April 2017. The market was shut on Friday, 14 April 2017, on account of public holiday. Shares of power generation and power distribution companies were mixed. Torrent Power (down 0.56%), NHPC (down 1.54%), Tata Power Company (down 0.41%), and NTPC (down 2.55%) declined. GVK Power & Infrastructure (up 0.5%), Adani Power (up 0.76%), Power Grid Corporation of India (up 1.3%), Reliance Infrastructure (up 1.07%) and Reliance Power (up 0.74%) gained. Shares of state run coal mining major Coal India fell 1.43% to Rs 286.80. The stock had hit high of Rs 290.65 and low of Rs 286.35 in intraday trade. HCL Technologies rose 0.42% after the company announced the renewal of its transformational IT services engagement with Singapore Exchange for another five years. Singapore Exchange is Asia's leading and trusted market infrastructure, operating equity, fixed income and derivatives markets to the highest regulatory standards. Expanding the scope from the earlier year 2010 engagement covering IT infrastructure, data center services and IT management, the new contract includes transformational IT services in a managed services construct - spanning IT infrastructure, end-user computing, data center, cloud services, workplace transformation, managed networks, enterprise security and GRC. HCL will leverage its DRYiCETM Autonomics and Orchestration Platform, driving business efficiency, productivity gains and end-user experience. The announcement was made during market hours today, 17 April 2017. PVR rose 2.09% to Rs 1,595.85 on reports a foreign brokerage has maintained buy rating on the stock for a target price of Rs 1,850. On the macro front, the inflation based on wholesale price index (WPI) dropped to 5.7% (provisional) for the month of March 2017 over March 2016 as compared to 6.55% (provisional) for February 2017 and -0.45% during March 2016. Build up inflation rate in the financial year so far was 5.7% compared to a build up rate of -0.45% in the corresponding period of the previous year. The announcement was made during market hours today, 17 April 2017. Meanwhile, India's merchandise exports increased at 65-month high pace of 27.6% to US$ 29.23 billion in March 2017 over a year ago. Meanwhile, merchandise imports jumped 45.3% to US$ 39.67 billion. The trade deficit more than doubled to US$ 10.44 billion in March 2017 from US$ 4.40 billion in March 2016. Overseas, European markets remained closed. Asian stocks dropped as the crisis in Russia and Syria and heightened tensions between the US and North Korea hurt investor sentiment. North Korea failed in its attempt to test another missile and the US said it is working with China and other allies to develop a range of options against the country's provocative and destabilizing behavior. China reported growth of 6.9% in the first quarter, its fastest pace since the third quarter of 2015, fueled by credit and infrastructure spending as well as a stubbornly booming property market. The pace was a notch up from the 6.8% in the previous quarter and put China well ahead of its annual target of about 6.5% growth. Data released today, 17 April 2017 also showed that investment picked up, retail sales rebounded and factory output accelerated in March. US equities declined on Thursday, 13 April 2017 weighed down by material and energy sectors. US markets are set to reopen today, 17 April 2017 after Friday's holiday, while markets in Australia, New Zealand and Hong Kong are closed and most European markets are also shut. In the latest economic data, weekly first-time jobless claims fell slightly in the latest week, dropping to 234,000. Separately, the producer-price index fell 0.1% in March, though core PPI which excludes food, energy, and trade was up 0.1%. A preliminary reading of consumer sentiment from the University of Michigan also came in at a reading of 98 in April from 96.9 in March, highlighting a trend of upbeat so-called soft data. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Market Report News | Global Markets | Bse | Sensex | News-cm | Market Report PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Book an amazing Aussie holiday now! Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance FREE* Lifetime Demat Account. Premium SMS Advisory Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day Learn & Develop Digital Business Strategies Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Go Cashless, buy Health Insurance Online Leadership Program with Prof Marshall Goldsmith New to investing in shares? FREE* Demat Account & Flat 20% Off on Brokerage. New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Market breadth turns negative from positive Key benchmark indices continued to trade with small losses in afternoon trade. At 13:25 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was down 25.91 points or 0.09% at 29,435.54. Trading activity was thin as many global markets remained close for a holiday. Sentiment was subdued on rising geopolitical concerns. Key benchmark indices continued to trade with small losses in afternoon trade. At 13:25 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was down 25.91 points or 0.09% at 29,435.54. Trading activity was thin as many global markets remained close for a holiday. Sentiment was subdued on rising geopolitical concerns. Local equities kick-started trading for the week with slim gains as trading resumed after a long weekend. Domestic bourses were shut on Friday, 14 April 2017, on account of public holiday. After slipping into the red in morning trade, indices staged a recovery in mid-morning trade. Indices once again slipped into the red and hovered within a small range in negative terrain in early afternoon trade. The BSE Mid-Cap index was up 0.05%. The BSE Small-Cap index was up 0.35%. Both these indices outperformed the Sensex. The market breadth, indicating the overall health of the market, turned negative from positive. On the BSE, 1,381 shares fell and 1,362 shares rose. A total of 144 shares were unchanged. Most FMCG stocks declined. Tata Global Beverages (down 0.47%), Britannia Industries (down 0.34%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care (down 0.39%), Hindustan Unilever (HUL) (down 0.31%), Colgate Palmolive India (down 0.8%), GlaxoSmithkline Consumer Healthcare (down 1.43%), Godrej Consumer Products (down 0.45%), and Nestle India (down 1.61%) declined. Marico (up 0.13%), Dabur India (up 1.45 %), and Jyothy Laboratories (up 9.38%) gained. Bajaj Corp tumbled 6.73% after net profit fell 2.9% to Rs 52.67 crore on 1.9% decline in net sales to Rs 204.21 crore in Q4 March 2017 over Q4 March 2016. The result was announced at the fag end of the trading session on Thursday, 13 April 2017. The market was shut on Friday, 14 April 2017, on account of public holiday. Shares of power generation and power distribution companies were mixed. Torrent Power (down 0.56%), NHPC (down 1.54%), Tata Power Company (down 0.41%), and NTPC (down 2.55%) declined. GVK Power & Infrastructure (up 0.5%), Adani Power (up 0.76%), Power Grid Corporation of India (up 1.3%), Reliance Infrastructure (up 1.07%) and Reliance Power (up 0.74%) gained. Shares of state run coal mining major Coal India fell 1.43% to Rs 286.80. The stock had hit high of Rs 290.65 and low of Rs 286.35 in intraday trade. HCL Technologies rose 0.42% after the company announced the renewal of its transformational IT services engagement with Singapore Exchange for another five years. Singapore Exchange is Asia's leading and trusted market infrastructure, operating equity, fixed income and derivatives markets to the highest regulatory standards. Expanding the scope from the earlier year 2010 engagement covering IT infrastructure, data center services and IT management, the new contract includes transformational IT services in a managed services construct - spanning IT infrastructure, end-user computing, data center, cloud services, workplace transformation, managed networks, enterprise security and GRC. HCL will leverage its DRYiCETM Autonomics and Orchestration Platform, driving business efficiency, productivity gains and end-user experience. The announcement was made during market hours today, 17 April 2017. PVR rose 2.09% to Rs 1,595.85 on reports a foreign brokerage has maintained buy rating on the stock for a target price of Rs 1,850. On the macro front, the inflation based on wholesale price index (WPI) dropped to 5.7% (provisional) for the month of March 2017 over March 2016 as compared to 6.55% (provisional) for February 2017 and -0.45% during March 2016. Build up inflation rate in the financial year so far was 5.7% compared to a build up rate of -0.45% in the corresponding period of the previous year. The announcement was made during market hours today, 17 April 2017. Meanwhile, India's merchandise exports increased at 65-month high pace of 27.6% to US$ 29.23 billion in March 2017 over a year ago. Meanwhile, merchandise imports jumped 45.3% to US$ 39.67 billion. The trade deficit more than doubled to US$ 10.44 billion in March 2017 from US$ 4.40 billion in March 2016. Overseas, European markets remained closed. Asian stocks dropped as the crisis in Russia and Syria and heightened tensions between the US and North Korea hurt investor sentiment. North Korea failed in its attempt to test another missile and the US said it is working with China and other allies to develop a range of options against the country's provocative and destabilizing behavior. China reported growth of 6.9% in the first quarter, its fastest pace since the third quarter of 2015, fueled by credit and infrastructure spending as well as a stubbornly booming property market. The pace was a notch up from the 6.8% in the previous quarter and put China well ahead of its annual target of about 6.5% growth. Data released today, 17 April 2017 also showed that investment picked up, retail sales rebounded and factory output accelerated in March. US equities declined on Thursday, 13 April 2017 weighed down by material and energy sectors. US markets are set to reopen today, 17 April 2017 after Friday's holiday, while markets in Australia, New Zealand and Hong Kong are closed and most European markets are also shut. In the latest economic data, weekly first-time jobless claims fell slightly in the latest week, dropping to 234,000. Separately, the producer-price index fell 0.1% in March, though core PPI which excludes food, energy, and trade was up 0.1%. A preliminary reading of consumer sentiment from the University of Michigan also came in at a reading of 98 in April from 96.9 in March, highlighting a trend of upbeat so-called soft data. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Market breadth turns negative from positive Key benchmark indices continued to trade with small losses in afternoon trade. At 13:25 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was down 25.91 points or 0.09% at 29,435.54. Trading activity was thin as many global markets remained close for a holiday. Sentiment was subdued on rising geopolitical concerns. Local equities kick-started trading for the week with slim gains as trading resumed after a long weekend. Domestic bourses were shut on Friday, 14 April 2017, on account of public holiday. After slipping into the red in morning trade, indices staged a recovery in mid-morning trade. Indices once again slipped into the red and hovered within a small range in negative terrain in early afternoon trade. The BSE Mid-Cap index was up 0.05%. The BSE Small-Cap index was up 0.35%. Both these indices outperformed the Sensex. The market breadth, indicating the overall health of the market, turned negative from positive. On the BSE, 1,381 shares fell and 1,362 shares rose. A total of 144 shares were unchanged. Most FMCG stocks declined. Tata Global Beverages (down 0.47%), Britannia Industries (down 0.34%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care (down 0.39%), Hindustan Unilever (HUL) (down 0.31%), Colgate Palmolive India (down 0.8%), GlaxoSmithkline Consumer Healthcare (down 1.43%), Godrej Consumer Products (down 0.45%), and Nestle India (down 1.61%) declined. Marico (up 0.13%), Dabur India (up 1.45 %), and Jyothy Laboratories (up 9.38%) gained. Bajaj Corp tumbled 6.73% after net profit fell 2.9% to Rs 52.67 crore on 1.9% decline in net sales to Rs 204.21 crore in Q4 March 2017 over Q4 March 2016. The result was announced at the fag end of the trading session on Thursday, 13 April 2017. The market was shut on Friday, 14 April 2017, on account of public holiday. Shares of power generation and power distribution companies were mixed. Torrent Power (down 0.56%), NHPC (down 1.54%), Tata Power Company (down 0.41%), and NTPC (down 2.55%) declined. GVK Power & Infrastructure (up 0.5%), Adani Power (up 0.76%), Power Grid Corporation of India (up 1.3%), Reliance Infrastructure (up 1.07%) and Reliance Power (up 0.74%) gained. Shares of state run coal mining major Coal India fell 1.43% to Rs 286.80. The stock had hit high of Rs 290.65 and low of Rs 286.35 in intraday trade. HCL Technologies rose 0.42% after the company announced the renewal of its transformational IT services engagement with Singapore Exchange for another five years. Singapore Exchange is Asia's leading and trusted market infrastructure, operating equity, fixed income and derivatives markets to the highest regulatory standards. Expanding the scope from the earlier year 2010 engagement covering IT infrastructure, data center services and IT management, the new contract includes transformational IT services in a managed services construct - spanning IT infrastructure, end-user computing, data center, cloud services, workplace transformation, managed networks, enterprise security and GRC. HCL will leverage its DRYiCETM Autonomics and Orchestration Platform, driving business efficiency, productivity gains and end-user experience. The announcement was made during market hours today, 17 April 2017. PVR rose 2.09% to Rs 1,595.85 on reports a foreign brokerage has maintained buy rating on the stock for a target price of Rs 1,850. On the macro front, the inflation based on wholesale price index (WPI) dropped to 5.7% (provisional) for the month of March 2017 over March 2016 as compared to 6.55% (provisional) for February 2017 and -0.45% during March 2016. Build up inflation rate in the financial year so far was 5.7% compared to a build up rate of -0.45% in the corresponding period of the previous year. The announcement was made during market hours today, 17 April 2017. Meanwhile, India's merchandise exports increased at 65-month high pace of 27.6% to US$ 29.23 billion in March 2017 over a year ago. Meanwhile, merchandise imports jumped 45.3% to US$ 39.67 billion. The trade deficit more than doubled to US$ 10.44 billion in March 2017 from US$ 4.40 billion in March 2016. Overseas, European markets remained closed. Asian stocks dropped as the crisis in Russia and Syria and heightened tensions between the US and North Korea hurt investor sentiment. North Korea failed in its attempt to test another missile and the US said it is working with China and other allies to develop a range of options against the country's provocative and destabilizing behavior. China reported growth of 6.9% in the first quarter, its fastest pace since the third quarter of 2015, fueled by credit and infrastructure spending as well as a stubbornly booming property market. The pace was a notch up from the 6.8% in the previous quarter and put China well ahead of its annual target of about 6.5% growth. Data released today, 17 April 2017 also showed that investment picked up, retail sales rebounded and factory output accelerated in March. US equities declined on Thursday, 13 April 2017 weighed down by material and energy sectors. US markets are set to reopen today, 17 April 2017 after Friday's holiday, while markets in Australia, New Zealand and Hong Kong are closed and most European markets are also shut. In the latest economic data, weekly first-time jobless claims fell slightly in the latest week, dropping to 234,000. Separately, the producer-price index fell 0.1% in March, though core PPI which excludes food, energy, and trade was up 0.1%. A preliminary reading of consumer sentiment from the University of Michigan also came in at a reading of 98 in April from 96.9 in March, highlighting a trend of upbeat so-called soft data. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Dietary Fibers Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Dietary Fibers market is estimated at $2.73 billion in 2016 and is expected to reach $5.89 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 13.7% from 2016 to 2022. Growing demand for fiber supplements to overcome nutrition deficiency and increasing health consciousness among the people are the drivers propelling the market growth. Moreover change in life style requires more fiber nutrients to balance the diet is another prominent factor driving the market growth. However stringent regulatory approvals are hindering the market growth. Insoluble fiber in product segment is anticipated to move with a highest CAGR during forecast period owing to maintenance of balanced PH by consuming these kinds of fibers. Fruits and vegetables in source segment accounted for the largest market share in 2015, cereals and grains segment is expected to show healthy growth rate during forecast period. North America accounted for the highest market share as compared to other regions. The Asia Pacific region is expected to grow at a higher CAGR and is anticipated to account for the highest market share during forecast period owing to increase in disposable incomes. Some of the key players in the market include Archer Daniels Midland Company (ADM), Cargill, Incorporated, Danisco, E. I. Dupont De Nemours and Company, GlaxosmithKline(GSK), Grain Processing Corporation, Ingredion Incorporated, J. Rettenmaier & Söhne GmbH & Co. Kg, Novartis, Novus International, Procter and Gamble, Roquette Frères Company, Royal DSM, Sas Nexira, Südzucker AG Company, Sunopta, Inc. And Tate & Lyle PLC Company. For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/dietary-fibers-market Products Covered: • Soluble o Pectin o Inulin o Beta-Glucan o Polydextrose o Other Solubles • Conventional • Insoluble o Resistant Starch o Lignin o Chitin o Chitosan o Hemicellulose o Cellulose o Other Insoluble • Novel Sources Covered: • Fruits & Vegetables o Beet o Carrot o Okra o Apple o Raspberries o Pear • Cereals & Grains o Bran o Rice o Wheat • Other Sources o Soy o Legumes o Nuts o Beans and Peas Applications Covered: • Pharmaceuticals • Animal Feed • Functional Foods • Functional Beverages • Pet Food • Bakery & Confectionary • Dairy Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 6 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/dietary-fibers-market https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Google News, Industry, Markets, satPRnews, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious JA Solar’s Cumulative Module Shipments to India Reach 1GW Next PostNext Neurovascular Devices Market To Make Great Impact In Near Future by 2026 Search Recent Posts IGT Announces Agreement To Sell Double Down Interactive LLC To DoubleU Games As Part Of New Strategic Partnership In Social Casino Public Invited to Kalama Skate Park Design Workshop Global Inspection Robots Market to Grow at a CAGR of 16.68% During Forecast 2017-2021 Germany Ureteroscopes Market Outlook Highlights Key Pointers of Major Segments Poised for Strong Growth by 2023 Global Accounting Software Market 2017 – Microsoft, Infor, Epicor Proudly powered by WordPress
Jump to navigation RSS Feed Login Search form Search News Campus Crime Texas Legislature UT System Austin Texas Opinion Columns Viewpoints Firing Lines Submitting an Op-ed/Letter Sports Football Volleyball Men's Basketball Women's Basketball Baseball Softball Other UT Sports The Pros Double Coverage Life&Arts Movies Music Food and Recipes Student Life Art Austin Festivals Movies & TV SXSW Sci&Tech Multimedia Slideshows Videos Podcast Through the Lens Interactives Voter Profiles LGBT History ACL 2016 Endorsements Explorer Hispanic Heritage Month 2016 Student Elections Explorer SXSW 2016 Guide National Signing Day 2016 Texas Football Attendance Austin Music Road Trip UT Then & Now Comics Housing Donate UT researchers study the possibilities of invisibility You are here Home › News › Campus › McCombs million-dollar investor takes fresh look at marketing McCombs million-dollar investor takes fresh look at marketing AddThis Photo Credit: Courtesy of Robert Malcolm Tags These tags are automatically generated. The Daily Texan does not guarantee their accuracy. Published on April 16, 2017 at 11:42 pm By Jahnavi Muppaneni Robert Malcolm, executive in residence at the McCombs School of Business, recently donated $1 million to the marketing department to help fund new research and technological techniques.  The fundamental principles of marketing have remained the same, but the practice is rapidly changing, Malcolm said. The money he donated will go toward creating an endowed chair in marketing innovation position to keep students and faculty on track with the latest advances.  Malcolm said he envisions the new chair to be a pioneer in the field with groundbreaking ideas. “You need to live in two worlds at the same time,” Malcolm said. “You need to be in the world of today … and you need have one foot leading into the future for tomorrow.”  Malcolm said he found his calling in marketing as a junior at the University of Southern California, where he took his first brand management class.   Malcolm completed his Master of Business Administration at USC and joined Proctor & Gamble upon graduation. There he led marketing, brand management, sales and innovation functions for more than 75 brands in more than 40 countries. “P&G at that time was at the top of list, and I was fortunate enough to talk my way into a job there,” Malcolm said. Malcolm also worked for Diageo where he oversaw budgets worth billions of dollars. He later taught marketing at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania and has actively served on different boards, such as Hershey’s and the American Marketing Association. Malcolm came to the McCombs Center for Consumer Insight and Marketing Solutions in 2013.  Marketing administration professor Raji Srinivasan said she is optimistic about the future of marketing within McCombs because of Malcolm’s contributions.  “Malcolm’s donation will go a long way investing in faculty and infrastructure to further scholarship and teaching,” Srinivasan said.  Sweta Sridhar, marketing and economics sophomore, said there aren’t enough career and recruiting opportunities geared toward marketing students. She said this creates misconceptions that marketing is not as important as other business majors and there is not much demand for marketing students in the workforce. Sridhar said she believes Malcolm’s contributions will bring visibility to the McCombs marketing program.   “Malcolm’s efforts are definitely a great first step towards solving the root cause of the issue and changing the discouragement and stereotypes many marketing students face in the business school,” Sridhar said. View the discussion thread. Get Daily Texan News Alerts in your Inbox Follow Us: Texas Student Media The Daily Texan Longhorn Life Texas Travesty KVRX 91.7 FM Texas Student TV Cactus Yearbook Site design ©2011-2017 Texas Student Media. All images and content ©Texas Student Media. Questions about the site? Email webmaster[at]dailytexanonline.com Comments about articles or images? Email editor[at]dailytexanonline.com Advertise Classifieds Contact Jobs Digest Handbook
SUBSCRIBE LOG IN LOG OUT REGISTER MY PROFILE Obituaries Events Jobs Real Estate Cars Classified PG Store April 18, 2017 3:01 AM 7-day Forecast Post-Gazette.com Archives Home News Local Sports Opinion A & E Life Business Contact Us Advertisement What's ahead for Kraft Heinz? Spurned by Unilever, firm may be eyeing other potential acquisitions April 17, 2017 12:00 AM Gene J. Puskar/Associated Press Kraft Heinz is holding its annual shareholder meeting this week in the Pittsburgh offices of law firm Reed Smith on Fifth Avenue, Downtown. Post-Gazette file Pittsburgh Mayor Bill Peduto, left, and H.J. Heinz Co. CEO Bernardo Hees, shown in 2014, before Heinz and Kraft merged. By Teresa F. Lindeman / Pittsburgh Post-Gazette Somewhere in the vicinity of 169,000 Unilever employees were jolted by the news earlier this year that Kraft Heinz Co. had turned up in London with a $143 billion offer to buy their employer. No, no, said executives at the Anglo-Dutch consumer packaged goods giant, politely ushering the would-be buyers out the door. Thanks, but no thanks. Kraft Heinz — backed by funding and strategy from the food giant’s majority owners 3G Capital and Berkshire Hathaway — now may be casting its eyes across the aisles of the world’s grocery stores, looking for another tasty business that owns great brands but also has identifiable places to cut costs. General Mills with its 39,000 workers? Hershey and its 16,000 employees? Maybe Danone (99,000 workers), Campbell Soup (18,000), General Mills (39,000), Kellogg (37,000), Procter & Gamble (105,000) or Mars (80,000)? Shares of Panera Bread (50,800 employees) rose briefly last week after a report that 3G Capital and Warren Buffett might try to buy it out from under an investment firm that announced a plan to acquire the restaurant chain. Later in the week, Susquehanna Financial Group analyst Pablo Zuanic put out a report saying that PepsiCo (264,000 employees) would be more vulnerable to a Kraft Heinz bid than Mondelez International (90,000 employees), the former Kraft sibling widely seen as a potential acquisition target. There sure are a lot of jobs tied up with the consumer packaged goods companies that stock the world’s shelves with condiments, soups, shampoos, cereals, yogurt, pet food and other products used by the masses. It’s an easy call that some of those positions could be on the block, if Kraft Heinz CEO Bernardo Hees and his team merge their 41,000-employee company with another icon of the industry. “They know how to run a business more efficiently than anyone else,” said Brittany E. Weissman, a consumer analyst with Edward Jones in St. Louis. Whether you think that’s good or bad depends on whether you’re getting a paycheck from a food company or a dividend check from investing in one. As Kraft Heinz prepares for its annual shareholder meeting in the Pittsburgh offices of law firm Reed Smith on Fifth Avenue this week, Ms. Weissman seems inclined to believe that most of the company’s investors are impressed by their management and are hungry for more. Earnings at the company that makes Ore-Ida french fries and Oscar Mayer hot dogs rose almost 50 percent in the last year, she said, and the company has improved profit margins at a level that outpaces competitors and peers. “I think they’ve definitely made their presence known in the food space,” Ms. Weissman said. A new headquarters city? Another acquisition — wherever and whenever it gets done — could spell the end of one of Kraft Heinz’s two headquarters locations, if the negotiators need to sweeten potential bids with offers to keep a significant presence in the next company’s hometown. The 3G Capital and Berkshire Hathaway partnership acquired hometown food company H.J. Heinz Co. in 2013, keeping the family name on the NFL football stadium and inhabiting its headquarters office at PPG Place, Downtown, but moving to shutter plants and streamline the production system. Two years later, the owners merged Heinz with Kraft Foods Group and created the two-headed Kraft Heinz, with offices in Pittsburgh and Chicago. More jobs were trimmed, more production streamlined. In February 2013, the company had about 1,200 employees in the Pittsburgh region. Heinz CEO Bill Johnson, at the time, said keeping the headquarters in the city was in the contract. "I told them Pittsburgh was nonnegotiable," he said. As of last May, Kraft Heinz had about 800 workers in the region. The company now uses 22,000 square feet of office space in its PPG Place headquarters, down from 95,000 square feet when it moved in back in 2008.  Michael Mullen, senior vice president of corporate and government affairs for Heinz, last week reiterated the Kraft Heinz company’s ties to Pittsburgh. “We have 41,000 employees globally as of our annual 10-K filing but are not disclosing head counts by office or location. Kraft Heinz remains committed to our co-headquarter locations in Pittsburgh and Chicago.” He added that the food company remains committed to its partnership with the Steelers, who play at Heinz Field, and noted the company continues to give to local organizations such as the Greater Pittsburgh Community Food Bank, the Pittsburgh Symphony, Carnegie Museums and others.  Pressure for results Few in the food business are unaware that they might draw the eye of Kraft Heinz, Ms. Weissman said. Management at many companies has been trying to step up the pace of growth — not easy in an industry that has plateaued and is facing incursions by small rivals promising less processed, more natural food products. Bernstein analyst Alexia Howard last week issued a report on the U.S. packaged food industry noting that sales volumes at packaged food companies fell in the 2015-16 period, as consumers chose fresher foods. Margins could face more pressure as retailers and manufacturers battle over price and promotional expenses, she said. Borrowing a page from the competition, food companies have embraced the zero-based budgeting technique practiced by 3G Capital, which requires that every new budget start from scratch and every expense be justified. That looks good to investors, whose interests don’t necessarily align with those of the employees who might be shed along with the expenses. Unilever announced recently that it had reviewed its portfolio after the near miss with Kraft Heinz and plans to sell or spin off its margarine and spreads business. The company’s effort to maximize shareholder value also included paying a higher dividend and seeking “greater efficiency in our cost base through zero-based budgeting.” Looking for new business models Where Kraft Heinz hasn’t separated itself from the pack is in invigorating sales. Last year it reported a 0.3 percent rise in organic net sales, excluding the impact of currency rates and divestitures. Ms. Weissman notes that while management may not have gotten the sales spike it had hoped for from the pantry of iconic products it bought, she does count some of its efforts as successful, citing the introduction of Heinz mustard to the consumer market as an example. “They’ve done a decent job renovating some of their portfolio,” she said. The marketing team has had some wins, too, garnering attention with stunts such as a low-cost campaign for a national day off to recover from the Super Bowl and the production of some ads that executed a pitch offered by a character in the hit cable TV show “Mad Men.” In Ms. Howard’s view, the surviving U.S. packaged-food companies will be those that can shift from their legacy businesses into more profitable spots. That might include moving into new geographic areas, buying up challenger brands and getting more products into the perimeter of grocery stores. Short term, Ms. Weissman expects Kraft Heinz to look for an acquisition target like Unilever that has extensive international operations, allowing ways to leverage North American brands into new markets worldwide. That issue also played a role in Mr. Zuanic’s focus on PepsiCo as a possible merger partner. “From the Unilever bid, we learned Kraft Heinz wants size (no news really) and international exposure (which should rule out General Mills) …,” he wrote in a report last week. Kraft Heinz in February said it expects its integration program to deliver $1.7 billion in pretax savings by the end of 2017. After that, big rewards coming from the cost-cutting programs may start to dry up, and Ms. Weissman sees that as helping drive the push for another significant acquisition. The Unilever setback may have slowed the process, but the company’s managers will regroup, she said. “I think these guys are smart. They have a list of candidates.” For his part, Mr. Mullen said Kraft Heinz doesn’t need to do another deal.  “Our combination of iconic brands and global platforms puts us in a great position to drive profitable growth in markets around the world. As such, we don’t need another acquisition to drive profitable growth for the long term,” he said. “Kraft Heinz will continue to drive profitable growth and meet consumer needs around the world — with or without another acquisition.” Teresa F. Lindeman: tlindeman@post-gazette.com or 412-263-2018. Sign up for free newsletters and get more of the Post-Gazette delivered to your inbox Most Read Most Emailed Advertisement Most Commented Join the conversation: Commenting policy | How to report abuse To report inappropriate comments, abuse and/or repeat offenders, please send an email to socialmedia@post-gazette.com and include a link to the article and a copy of the comment. Your report will be reviewed in a timely manner. Thank you. Commenting policy | How to report abuse Your e-mail: Your Name: Friends e-mail: Friends Name: Message: Captcha Submit Advertisement Create a free PG account. Register - FREE Already have an account? Login Subscribe to the PG Subscribe Customize your free Newsletter Preferences Email Preferences Advertisement Advertisement Pittsburgh Post-Gazette HOME NEWS LOCAL SPORTS OPINION A & E LIFE BUSINESS VIDEO PHOTO CLASSIFIEDS JOBS CIRCULARS CARS REAL ESTATE PG STORE WEDDINGS Site Map Media Kit About Us RSS Feeds Technical Help? Terms of Use Privacy Policy PG Sites: Sports Blogs PowerSource Staff Blogs Community Voices Early Returns Sportstown Pittsburgh Mom The Digs Special Projects Plate Pets Social Media: Twitter:   News   Customer Care Facebook Pinterest Google+ Help: Subscriber services Online support center Products and services Today’s PGe Contact Us Subscribe: Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Email Newsletters Copyright © 1997—2017 PG Publishing Co., Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Monday, 17 April 2017 | MYT 8:30 AM Google’s ad rivals leap at chance to seize dollars after YouTube controversy Most analysts believe the YouTube boycott will have minimal impact on Google sales. Its draw is too large to keep advertisers away permanently, and the boycott has not stopped search ads, Google's bedrock. — Reuters Weeks after scores of advertisers boycotted YouTube, Google is still trying to mitigate the damage. Meanwhile, long-struggling competitors in the digital ad market are seizing the moment.  MediaMath Inc, a New York-based seller of software for automated online ad buying, is introducing a new service to ensure that ads only run alongside hand-picked, “high quality” content. The “curated market” offering comes amid concern over some big brand ads appearing against racist, violent and offensive YouTube videos.   ”We're developing for the largest brands in the world who need to be assured of a safe environment for digital advertising,” said Erich Wasserman, MediaMath's co-founder. “We're happily able to do this at a time when the market is shouting for it.”  Google has tried to silence the shouting. After the first wave of advertiser defections, Google introduced new controls to address the problem. When more advertisers left, Google added even more features and shifted resources into new technology that flags offensive videos and disable ads on them.  Most analysts believe the YouTube boycott will have minimal impact on Google sales. Its draw is too large to keep advertisers away permanently, and the boycott has not stopped search ads, Google's bedrock. Yet some marketing agencies and advertisers are re-evaluating buying plans, cognizant of the harm poor ad placement can cause. That adds pressure on Google, Alphabet Inc's biggest division.  ”If you can create a driverless car and artificial intelligence, you can figure out how to keep a brand safe,” Marc Pritchard, Chief Brand Officer of Procter & Gamble Co. told Bloomberg News in an advertising conference last week in Los Angeles.  On April 12, NBCUniversal announced a deal with mobile ad company Kargo Global Inc to place ads on 300 premium digital properties from 70 media companies. Convincing advertisers to pay up for premium content was a feat, given the discounts and wide distribution that giants like Google offer, said Kargo chief executive officer Harry Kargman. The YouTube boycott was a gift. “We were prepared for a drawn out fight,” he said. “Basically, the market has done it for us.”  MediaMath, too, views its new service as responding to a market shift. The YouTube crisis wasn't just a backlash against Google, it was a protest against the pitfalls of automated advertising in general – the systems and services that let marketers accurately target consumers but also sprinkle ads everywhere across the web. MediaMath said its new service will limit that sprinkling, sending ads to websites and online videos that it constantly monitors for quality.  The company said it has 7,000 advertisers and 500 publishers on board with the service, although it declined to share its pricing or early revenue figures.  It's likely that shifts in digital spending away from Google, if any, would not appear until later in the year. However, some ad companies said they were seeing efforts to realign spending now to avoid the YouTube fracas. Charles Gabriel, president of Apester, which makes interactive software for publishers, said that over the past two weeks marketers began requesting safety controls on all online videos where they run ads.  Google executives have argued that, given YouTube's size, brand safety guarantees for every single video are impossible. But they've reassured marketers the issue will subside.   Tara Walpert Levy, Google's vice president of agency and media solutions, told the audience at the Los Angeles conference that many advertisers that left over the issue have returned. But only Johnson & Johnson has said so publicly.   At the conference, attitudes about the YouTube scandal were mixed. Some echoed P&G's Pritchard. But others dismissed it as an inflated scandal, driven by the television industry, which is hosting its annual ad price-negotiation conference soon.   Michael Roth, head of ad giant Interpublic Group of Cos, admitted as much on stage. Much of the YouTube hubbub, he said, was a behind-the-scenes negotiation from the older industry to compete with technology upstarts.  That leverage, along with pressure from others, is necessary given the rising digital dominance of Google and Facebook. “When it's a duopoly, you always root for someone else to keep them honest,” he said. — Bloomberg Related Stories You May Be Interested Google to open up Android to rivals in out-of-court deal with Russia Online ads target Britain’s homeless youths with offer of shelter for sex: charity US scientists track fish migration using DNA in water samples Vehicle-sharing services offer range of driving experiences How to own your first home with zero down payment Pedalling to save the planet Others Also Read Thai government campaign sees drop in road deaths during Songkran festival Enchanting beach of black rocks ‘Malaysia an oasis of Chinese culture’ advertisement Latest News Hackers exploit Japan’s mobile gamers with fake fantasy cash Phone app nabs Coachella festival cellphone thief Intel to stop hosting the annual Intel Developer Forum National search launched for alleged US ‘Facebook killer’ Netflix growth misses mark despite strong earnings Most Viewed in Tech SWIFT warns on vendor security after documents leaked by hackers Netflix growth misses mark despite strong earnings National search launched for alleged US ‘Facebook killer’ Intel to stop hosting the annual Intel Developer Forum Google to open up Android to rivals in out-of-court deal with Russia Snap stock falls as alleged CEO comments rile some on social media New York City taxi commission plans to force Uber to add driver tipping feature Online ads target Britain’s homeless youths with offer of shelter for sex: charity Will autonomous driving kill the sports car? Leaning forward during phone use may cause ‘text neck’ Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 April 2017 by Military News Global Caprylic Acid Market with Current Trends Analysis, 2015-2022 Global Caprylic Acid Market is expected to reach $4.9 million by 2022. Increasing application scope in pharmaceutical industry and growing demand for organic personal care products are likely to drive demand over the forecast period. The factors that hinder the market are low raw material availability and increased application of caprylic acid may lead to health issues. North America is expected to observe major growth over the forecast period on account of the rising food & beverage and personal care segment. Europe is witnessing demand for the product through personal care sector and is expected to register considerable growth in the next 7 years. Asia Pacific region coupled with rising pharmaceutical research by industries is likely to open new opportunity for caprylic acid demand, which in turn is expected to propel production over the next seven years. Some of the key players in the market include Vigon International Inc., Oleon, Wilmar International Ltd., Solazyme, VVF LLC, Hallstar, ChemCeed, Pacific Oleochemicals Sdn Bhd, P&G Chemicals, Acme Synthetic Chemicals, KLK Oleo, Ecogreen Oleochemicals, Forchem, Arizona Chemicals, Oxiteno, MeadWestVaco, Braido and CremerOleo. Get a PDF Sample of Global Caprylic Acid Market Report at: www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/184627 Applications Covered: Food & beverage Pharmaceutical Personal care Fragrance Perfume Sanitizer Rubber and plastic Grease Lubricant Others About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customised reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialisation. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 Email ID: sales@orbisresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Media Consulting, Marketing Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Lee County Woman Going to Prison and Ordered Full Restitution for Embezzlement of a Vulnerable Adult Next PostNext Mobile Electronics show opens today with 2,600 booths of mobile devices and accessories Search Recent Posts The New Launch Collections Announces the Launch of The Brownstone Executive Condominium Marketers iPhone Accessories and more Launches April 17 2017 Growth of Methylparaben Market Projected to Amplify During 2015 to 2021 Press Release – New Crosley T100 turntable coming soon to iWorld Foundation Repair Pros Publishes New House Leveling Guide Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 April 2017 by Military News Harmonix Golf Inc. gets listed on THE OCMX™ “ Harmonix Golf Inc. was formed to support the development and sale of the Harmonix Live-Head Putter and additional ‘Short Game’ products for the global golf industry. The Harmonix Live Head Putter introduces the first truly unique putter since the introduction of the “Ping Anser” in 1959. What’s different about the Harmonix Live Head putter….EVERYTHING!.” – Dorn Beattie, President of Harmonix Golf Inc. The OCMX™ is pleased to announce the listing of Harmonix Golf Inc. to its online portal which offers Investors and Advisors the ability to participate in this opportunity. The OCMX™ has spent considerable time completing its due diligence on Harmonix Golf Inc. and concluded that there is indeed a tremendous opportunity for Investors and Advisors. The OCMX™ noted that Harmonix Golf exhibits the main components of any solid investment opportunity, namely a solid management team, a great track record, and a number of key competitive advantages. Visit Harmonix Golf Inc.’s Listing Page for more information MANAGEMENT TEAM Dorn Beattie, Founder and Director | Prior to finding Harmonix Corporation in 2015, Dorn had successfully launched a signage company by the name of Solara360, Digital Media Systems which he converted in an international franchise with memberships in The International Franchise Association, The Canadian Franchise Association and VETFran, a Franchise system for US Veterans. Dorn was also responsible for starting Hero Graphics that did work exclusively for the Vancouver Film Industry and also started Daytona Coachbuilders, a DOT Authorized Canadian Automobile Manufacturer and first Canadian ‘Replica Car Company’ based on MGTD kit and was awarded an Automobile Manufacturers License by The Department of Transport. As a serial successful entrepreneur, Dorn brings ample expertise and experience to make Harmonix a success. Garry Bunkowsky, Senior Vice President Business Development | Garry has a very versatile skill set bringing his experience in Marketing and business development from working in Procter and Gamble as a sales and marketing manager and Vicom Media productions as The Director of business Development to co founding and taking the business development and marketing responsibilities at Kidoodle.tv, Sport active Television Inc. and Call genie Inc. Garry not only brings a wealth of experience but a genuine hunger for success. Ian Tweedie, CFO and Director | Ian is a chartered accountant and has extensive financial and managerial experience in both public and private companies. Following several years in the profession, he managed the Canadian office of a European drilling fund that had invested more than $100 million in North American oil and gas properties through several limited partnerships. For the past 20 years Ian has provided corporate finance and financial advisory services to various Start up companies, including both private placement and IPO financings for companies primarily engaged in technology development and commercialization, usually acting in the capacity of CFO and a Director. In addition to serving on the Boards of numerous private companies, Ian has board –level experience with public companies listed on the TSX Venture Exchange and NASDAQ. ABOUT THE OCMX™ The OCMX™ is literally changing how companies and investment funds generate exposure in the marketplace and raise funds as we know it. The OCMX™ serves both public and private companies along with investment and mutual funds which need to raise additional funds or gain significant market exposure.  It does this by way of connecting the relevant companies, funds, investors, and advisors all in one online transparent portal. The OCMX™ (P2P Financial Inc.) launched in September of 2009 out of Toronto but has since expanded its operations to include Quebec, Alberta, Manitoba, and British Columbia.  The OCMX™ connects investors and advisors directly with companies and investment funds seeking to raise funds or gain broad market exposure. The OCMX™ provides an open venue for innovative growth companies and leading investment funds to generate market awareness, raise funds, or connect with investors and advisors.  The OCMX™ provides companies, funds, investors, and advisors instant access to its Online Portal so that they can actively source and connect with their next opportunity, advisor, investor, client, or financing partner. Contact Us The OCMX™ TD Canada Trust Tower 161 Bay Street, 45th Floor         Toronto, Ontario, M5J 2S1 Tel: 1-866-209-6862 Email: prosper@theocmx.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Groundhog Day Tickets at Virginia/August Wilson Theatre with Promo Code Next PostNext Venchuer.com gets listed on THE OCMX™ Search Recent Posts Probiotics Dietary Supplements Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Tough exit fees for in-home care hurting the vulnerable Skull Themed Ring King Kong Goth Silver Plated Crystal Jewelry Launched Yorkshire Loft Conversion Velux Windows Home Improvement Design Report Launched Authentic Italian Restaurant Creates Buzz In Lorong Yap Kwan Seng Proudly powered by WordPress
My account Change My Password Logout Search Autos Homes Careers Classified Obituaries Postmedia Tuesday, April 18, 2017 London, ON 4° Variably cloudy Sponsored by: LONDON GOLD BUYER Home News Sports Entertainment Life Money Opinion Homes Shopping Contests Videos Partnerships Marketplace Flyer City UR Photos Let's Renovate Events Weather Polls Become a carrier Television Horoscopes Today's Crossword Playoff Pool Neighbours TAG Deals More Local Ontario Canada World News Local New Jersey firm paying to recover rigid plastics area groups find during Saturday’s river cleanup By Randy Richmond, The London Free Press Monday, April 17, 2017 8:46:38 EDT PM Todd Sleeper, organizer of the Thames River Cleanup (Free Press file photo) Tweet Change text size for the story Print Report an error An international recycling firm is teaming up with the annual Thames River cleanup to recycle mountains of plastic that often end up in area landfills. New Jersey-based TerraCycle will take a wide range of rigid plastic items, from bottles and toys to picnic cutlery. “We find all kinds of things that get blown by the wind into the river, toys, pails, toboggans,” said Todd Sleeper, organizer of the Thames River Cleanup, ahead of this year’s effort Saturday. Much of the plastic collected isn’t accepted by municipal blue box programs or has deteriorated in the sun, sand and algae to the point it must be landfilled. TerraCycle has sent Sleeper 50 pre-paid packing slips for recovered plastics, and he’s passing them on to different groups of volunteers along the river. Each slip will cover almost 70 kilograms of plastic. “They’re expecting a lot from us,” Sleeper said. Last year’s cleanup signed up about 1,500 people to remove garbage along about 200 kilometres of the river. TerraCycle, which recently launched a worldwide beach cleanup campaign, sends plastic to Procter & Gamble Co. for reuse in packaging. P&G announced in January its Head & Shoulders shampoo bottles would be made with up to 25 per cent recycled beach plastic. “Anything that is rigid plastic is material we want and we can use,” said Brett Stevens, TerraCycle‘s vice-president of material sales and procurement. “As long as it is rigid plastic, we recycle 100 per cent of it.” The company is reaching out to groups already doing beach and river cleanups, and got in touch with Sleeper, Stevens said. Sleeper founded the Thames River Cleanup 17 years ago, and has overseen the annual effort since. Several years ago, he won the backing of London’s Nova Craft Canoe, which provides supplies and a canoe as a grand prize in an annual draw for volunteers. rrichmond@postmedia.com --- --- --- Thames River Cleanup When: April 22 Where: 17 communities, 50 cleanup sites, along 200 kilometres of river and tributaries Who: About 1,500 volunteers New this year: Plastic collection with TerraCycle More info: thamesrivercleanup.ca Featured Businesses Contact us to Advertise » Finance Kemp Family Wealth Management Group Entertainment OLG Slots at Western Fair District Travel & Lodging Elgin Travel and Cruises Travelplus Go to the Marketplace » Contribute Send Your Scoop! Share your story, photo or video about something you've seen. Send your story Subscription Start your day with The London Free Press Choose among a variety of subscription packages and stay up to date with convenient home delivery and our on the go digital e-edition. View my options London View, submit, participate! Advertise Advertise online Announce your business Reach potential customers Contribute Send us news, photos or videos Add an event to the calendar Follow The London Free Press Search News Local Ontario Canada World Sports High School Sports Local Hockey Hockey Baseball Basketball Football Soccer Curling Golf Motorsports Other Sports Playoff Pool Entertainment Local Movies Music Television Books Video Games Celebrities Life Health Food Travel Money Contests Videos Partnerships Marketplace Flyer City Photos Let's Renovate Events Weather Polls Become a carrier Television Horoscopes Today's Crossword Playoff Pool Neighbours TAG Deals Opinion Editorial Letters Column Homes News Gardening New Homes Weekend Open Houses Home Seller Shopping Print Ads Virtual Flyers Special Sections Marketplace Autoseller UR Entertainment Life Money News Opinion Sports Subscribe Print E-Edition Advertise Online Print The London Free Press Feedback Letters to the editor Postmedia Publications Where to buy Services Autos Canoe Careers Classifieds Homes Obituaries Sitemap Privacy Terms Research Contact-us © 2017 The London Free Press. All rights reserved. A member of Sun Media Community Newspapers part of Postmedia Network. Powered by Fatwire
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by Military News Global Electric Shavers Market To Grow At A CAGR Of 5.3% By 2025 – Credence Research New Market Research Reports Title “Global Electric Shavers Market To Grow At A CAGR Of 5.3% By 2025 – Credence Research” Has Been Added to Credenceresearch.com Report Database. According to a new market report published by Credence Research Inc., “Electric Shavers Market (By Type (Foil Shavers, Rotary Shavers, Wet/Dry Shavers, Clippers, and Others), By End-use Application (Men and Women), By Sales Channel (Direct Retail, and Online Retail)) Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast 2017 – 2025”, the electric shavers market is expected to witness a growth of 5.3% CAGR during the forecast period 2017 – 2025. Browse the full Electric Shavers Market (By Type (Foil Shavers, Rotary Shavers, Wet/Dry Shavers, Clippers, and Others), By End-use Application (Men and Women), By Sales Channel (Direct Retail, and Online Retail)) Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast 2017 – 2025 report at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/electric-shavers-market Market Insights Electric shavers are devices used for shaving hair. An electric shaver is generally powered by a small DC motor, which, in turn is either powered by batteries or mains electricity. Growing interest and consciousness regarding personal appearance among both men and women has increased the use of electric shavers among individuals as well as hairdressers at hairdressing establishments. The availability of technologically advanced and quality electric shavers like those with turbo and multi-blade precision units for faster and neat shave through dense hair is expected drive market demand throughout the forecast period 2017 – 2025. The complete report is available at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/electric-shavers-market The global electric shavers market is relatively matured and has been plagued by lack of product differentiation. This is resulting in price wars among manufacturers in the region, leading to profit crunching. Thus, lack of product differentiation is identified as one of the biggest challenges to the growth of electric shavers market. Focus on product enhancement, and product innovations are some of the key requisite strategies for the manufacturers across the globe. The availability of low quality domestic substitutes at a relatively lower cost also pose a considerable challenge to the market growth, especially in emerging economies of Asia Pacific and RoW, where the market is still unorganized. Electric Shavers Market Competitive Insights: Some of the leading players identified in the global electric shavers market include Koninklijke Philips N.V., Panasonic Corporation, Braun GmbH, Conair Corporation, Procter & Gamble Co., Wahl GmbH, Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc., Sakar International Inc., and Helen of Troy Ltd. among others. The global electric shavers market also includes large number of niche domestic players accounting for trivial market share individually. The competitive rivalry among market players in the global electric shavers market is expected to remain high throughout the forecast period 2017 – 2025. Key Trends:     Increasing demand for electric shavers among female segment     Continual advancements in technology, product features, and product design to keep market growth afloat     Growing demand for premium high-end electric shavers across the globe     Rise in the number of metro sexual men and growing importance of Manscaping Related Reports: Friction Stir Welding Market Airport Security Market About Credence Research: Credence Research is a worldwide market research and counseling firm that serves driving organizations, governments, non legislative associations, and not-for-benefits. We offer our customers some assistance with making enduring enhancements to their execution and understand their most imperative objectives. Over almost a century, we’ve manufactured a firm extraordinarily prepared to this task. Blog URL – http://www.mobilecomputingtoday.co.uk/5172/electric-shavers-market-grow-cagr-5-3-2025-credence-research/ Media Contact Company Name: Credence Research Contact Person: Chris Smith, Global Sales Manager Email: sales@credenceresearch.com Phone: +1-800-361-8290 Address:105 N 1st ST #429, SAN JOSE, CA 95103 US City: SAN JOSE State: California Country: United States Website: http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/electric-shavers-market CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Electronics & Semiconductors, Marketing & Sales, Services, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Isolated Amplifiers Market Analysis by Top Key Players, Industry Overview, Supply and Consumption Demand Analysis to 2021 Next PostNext Premier Business Consultant Sees Over 520% Growth In Just 12 Months For Seattle Startups Search Recent Posts Solar Cells Industry, Market Growth Trends by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast in Europe, the Middle East and Africa to 2021 Motor Oil Market Trends Forecast Analysis by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application in Europe, the Middle East and Africa to 2021 Modular Switches Market Trends Forecast Analysis by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application in Europe, the Middle East and Africa to 2021 Air Force Seeks Linens Contractor Blaze Fast-Fire’d Pizza Announces Grand Opening of Second South Carolina Location Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by Military News Global Medicated Confectionary Market to Grow at a CAGR of 3.29% During the Period 2017 – 2021; Finds New Report Lewes, DE — (SBWIRE) — 04/17/2017 — Report forecast the global medicated confectionary market to grow at a CAGR of 3.29% during the period 2017-2021. Medicated confectionary refers to sugar boiled confectionary that is used as a remedy for cough and throat. Medicated confectionary also includes sugar-free sweets fortified with vitamins and minerals and containing herbs and plant extracts. The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global medicated confectionary market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sales of medicated confectionary. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: – Americas – APAC – Europe – MEA According to the report, smoking bans are public policies including criminal laws and occupational safety and health regulations that prohibit tobacco smoking in workplaces and other public spaces. Smoking ban in public places across the world is helping the market grow as more people are switching to medicated confectionary such as mint-based candies or chewing gums instead of smoking. Further, the report states that some of the unauthorized retailers and sellers in the market are offering counterfeit products, and thus, counterfeiting is hindering the growth of the market. The production of counterfeit products involves low operating costs, which allow the sellers of these products to offer the products at low prices. Thus, the presence of counterfeit products in a market has a strong negative impact on the share of major vendors in the market. It also hampers their goodwill and image. Global Medicated Confectionary Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. key players in the global medicated confectionary market: Mondelez International, Nestlé, P&G, Perfetti Van Melle, Reckitt Benckiser, Ricola, and Wm. Wrigley Jr. Company Other Prominent Vendors in the market are: Ernest Jackson, Herbion International, Hershey’s, HEXOS, Jakemans, Meda Pharmaceuticals, Pedimont Candy Company, UHA Mikakuto, Universal Robina Corp, and UX Themes Market driver – Increasing hay fever and allergy cases – For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge – Stringent government regulations – For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend – Increase in organized retailing fueling market growth – For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report – What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? – What are the key market trends? – What is driving this market? – What are the challenges to market growth? – Who are the key vendors in this market space? – What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? – What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? Spanning over 70 pages and 30 Exhibits „Global Medicated Confectionery Market 2017 – 2021” report covers Executive summary, Scope of the report, Market research methodology, Introduction, Market landscape, Market segmentation by product, Geographical segmentation, Segmentation by distribution channel, Key leading countries, Market drivers, Impact of drivers, Market challenges, Impact of drivers and challenges, Market trends, Vendor landscape, Key vendor analysis. For more information Visit at: http://www.marketresearchreports.com/technavio/global-medicated-confectionery-market-2017-2021 Related Reports; Global Honey Food Market 2017-2021 – Visit at – http://www.marketresearchreports.com/technavio/global-honey-food-market-2017-2021 Global Processed Meat Market 2017-2021 – Visit at – http://www.marketresearchreports.com/technavio/global-processed-meat-market-2017-2021 About Market Research Reports, Inc. Market Research Reports, Inc. is the world’s leading source for market research reports and market data. We provide you with the latest market research reports on global markets, key industries, leading companies, new products and latest industry analysis & trends. Yearly/Quarterly Report Subscription: http://www.marketresearchreports.com/subscriptions CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Oil and Gas Pipeline Market 2017 : JFE, TPCO, Evraz, HUSTEEL & SANDVIK Next PostNext Global Small Diesel Engine (Non-Road) Market- Changfa Group, Changgong Group, Changchai, Jiangdong Group, Chongqing Goldenbow Search Recent Posts Bangladesh and World Bank Partner together to Strengthen E-governance and Improve Dhaka’s Air Quality Global Gas Spring Market 2017 : Industry Trends and Analysis Report Network Camera Market to Rear Excessive Growth During 2017 – 2025 Network Camera Market to Rear Excessive Growth During 2017 – 2025 Carotenoids Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by Military News Vasomotor Symptoms of Menopause Market 2024: Trends, Business Strategies and Opportunities with Key Players Analysis Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/17/2017 — Global Vasomotor Symptoms of Menopause Market: Overview Menopause is the stage during which women stop producing ovaries and there is an end of the fertile phase. It occurs in 85% of premenopausal women during their late 40s, resulting in the cessation of their menstrual cycle. Due to the cessation of menstrual flow, the production of estrogen decreases and gonadotropin increases, which gives rise to various physiological and psychological changes, called vasomotor symptoms. Vasomotor symptoms of menopause are the actions which are related to nerves and muscles that cause the blood vessels to dilate. Vasomotor symptoms of menopause are basically a transition between two phases: perimenopause and menopause. Browse Complete Report Details of this Market at: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/vasomotor-symptoms-menopause-market.html The major vasomotor symptoms associated with menopause are listed below: > Hot flashes: Hot flash is one of the most frequent symptoms of menopause. During this condition, women feel enormous intensity of heat accompanied with excessive sweating. Hot flashes with sweating also occur at night and the condition is termed as night sweats which disturbs the sleep pattern of an individual. > Formication: Formication is basically a form of paresthesia which results in an abnormal skin sensation, illusion or hallucination that some insects are crawling over the skin. It causes feelings of itchiness, tingling or even burning on the skin. > Migraine: Due to the hormonal fluctuations of menstrual cycle, migraine headaches pose a serious impediment to women undergoing menopausal phase. They are a form of recurrent headaches that can last from few hours up to three days. > Dysfunctional uterine bleeding: Due to abrupt changes in hormonal levels, ovulation becomes inconsistent causing endometrial hyperplasia to develop and result in abnormal bleeding. > Psychological symptoms: There are a number of psychological symptoms associated with onset of menopause such as fatigue, anxiety, irritability, mood swings, insomnia etc. Global Vasomotor Symptoms of Menopause Market: Segmentation There are various therapies related to vasomotor symptoms of menopause and henceforth the market can be segmented as follows: > Hormone Replacement Therapy (HRT): HRT is a hormone therapy which is given to women whose estrogen and progesterone hormone level have dropped enormously > Selective estrogen receptor modulators (SERM): SERMs are a type of drugs that block the effect of estrogen in the breast cells and activate the action of estrogen in other cells such as uterine cells > Gabapentin: They are a type of medications which reduces the effect of hot flash and night sweats > Antidepressants: Few vasomotor symptoms are relieved with the aid of antidepressants. Example: fluoxetine and venlafaxine. The driving factors that will augment the growth of menopausal symptoms therapeutics market are introduction of new treatments and therapies in the market, increasing awareness among female patients about their health and use of non-hormonal therapies. Global Vasomotor Symptoms of Menopause Market: Geographical Dynamics Geographically, North America dominates the menopause therapeutics market followed by Europe. According to NutritionMD, about 40% of North American women seek treatment for menopausal symptoms. Increasing cases of menopausal symptoms and the rising need of women population to go for novel therapies are the major factors, which have driven the growth of the menopausal symptoms therapeutic market. Asia-Pacific is one of the most rapidly developing region and the prime factors that will drive the growth of menopausal symptoms therapeutics market in this region are increasing geriatric female population with menopause disorders, and a shift in preference from hormonal therapies to non-hormonal therapies that will create an opportunity for many pharmaceutical companies to develop novel technologies and therapies. Obtain the Sample PDF Research Report for this Market at: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=15731 Global Vasomotor Symptoms of Menopause Market: Company Profiles Some of the top market players of this market are Eli Lilly and Company. Procter & Gamble, Pfizer Inc., Ausio harmaceuticals, LLC, EndoCeutics, Inc., Edgemont Pharmaceuticals, LLC and many others. The report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions. By doing so, the research report serves as a repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market, including but not limited to: Regional markets, technology, types, and applications. About TMR Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Our data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts, so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With a broad research and analysis capability, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques in developing distinctive data sets and research material for business reports. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Onchocerciasis Treatment Market – Global Industry Volume and Region Analysis – 2025 Next PostNext Specialty Fats & Oils Market Growth Forecast Analysis by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application to 2022 Search Recent Posts Antiviral Drugs Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Diabetic Food Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Announcing new leadership for Achmea Australia Erythropoietin Drug Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Breaking News: Wholesale Lending Fair is Back, June 28, 2017, at Caesar’s in AC, Exhibit Booths Now Available Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by Military News Pregnancy Detection Kits Market: Asia Pacific is Expected to Grow Exponentially During Forecast Period led by Growing Awareness Regarding Early Detection of Pregnancy and its Benefits Pregnancy test kits are devices used to detect possible pregnancy in females. Pregnancy tests are generally done after the first day of missed period. Fewer pregnancy test kits in which detection is possible through urine sample are user friendly and can be demonstrated at home by understanding the manual. These pregnancy test kits give an early indication of pregnancy. Generally, home pregnancy test kits provide 99% accurate results and can be further confirmed by undergoing a lab pregnancy test. These kits are designed to detect human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) hormone, a pregnancy hormone, in the urine sample or blood sample. hCG increases in the early days of pregnancy and presence of this hormone above particular range confirms pregnancy. Obtain Report Details @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pregnancy-detection-ki… The global pregnancy detection kits market is driven growing awareness about early and self-detection of pregnancy, increasing demand for self-detection of pregnancy boosted by rising adolescent pregnancy rate, technological advancements in pregnancy tests making it more accurate, promotional strategies employed by manufacturers with celebrity endorsement which influences the rural population to undertake self-pregnancy test through kits, and expansion of logistics network by distributors and manufacturers to increase accessibility of the kits. However, high cost is a major restraint of the global pregnancy detection kits market which is a concern in the undeveloped and developed countries. The risk factor associated with the inaccuracy of the test results is also hampering the growth of the global pregnancy detection kits market. The global pregnancy detection kits market can be segmented based on product type, type of test, end-user, and region. In terms of product type, the global pregnancy detection kits market is divided into digital devices and line indicators such as strip/dip, cassettes, and mid-stream devices. Based on test type, the market can be segmented into LH urine test, hCG urine test, FSH urine test, and hCG blood test. In terms of end-user, the market can be segmented into hospitals, diagnostic labs, and home care. The home care segment includes distribution channels such as hospital pharmacies, retail pharmacies, and online pharmacies. Fill the Form for an Exclusive Sample of this Report @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… In terms of region, the global pregnancy detection kits market can be segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa. North America dominates the global pregnancy detection kits market due to increased health care spending by the government. Europe is the next major market in terms of revenue and is driven by high usage of digital pregnancy test kits due to increased disposable income and growing awareness regarding the test. Asia Pacific is expected to grow exponentially during the forecast period led by growing awareness about early detection of pregnancy and its benefits, rising population, increasing disposable income, and better access to pregnancy tests in the rural sector. Latin America is an emerging market for pregnancy detection kits due to growing awareness and availability of pregnancy test kits at affordable prices. The market in Middle East & Africa is expected to witness sluggish growth due to less awareness regarding the usage of pregnancy kit and its associated benefits. Top players in the global pregnancy detection kits market are Alere, Inc., Abbott Laboratories, Procter & Gamble Co., DCC plc, Church & Dwight, Prestige Brands Holdings, SPD Swiss Precision Diagnostics, Quidel Corporation, Germaine Laboratories, Kent Pharmaceuticals, Piramal Enterprises, Nantong egens bio Technology Company, Cardinal Health, and Confirm Biosciences. About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Contact Us Transparency Market Research State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Superior Technological Advancements Present Significant Opportunity in the Global Lateral Lumbar Interbody Fusion Market Next PostNext Global Shower System Market 2017 Analysis And Forecast Search Recent Posts Pharmaceuticals Excipients Market Forecast By End-use Industry 2015-2025 Ice-cream and Frozen Dessert Market Value Chain and Forecast 2015-2025 Thermo Fisher Scientific etabliert als Kompetenzzentrum-Partner das Institut für Pathologie am Universitätsspital Basel Thermo Fisher Scientific fait de l’Institut de génétique médicale et de pathologie de l’hôpital universitaire de Bâle un partenaire de son Centre d’excellence Acuerdo entre Thermo Fisher Scientific y el Hospital Universitario de Basilea Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by Military News Fatty Amines Market | Global Industry Analysis Report 2015-2022 Fatty Amines Market – Global Industry Size, Share, Growth, Trend & Forecast Research Report 2015-2022 DecisionDatabases.com offers Fatty Amines Market Research Report. This Report covers the complete Industry Outlook, Growth, Size, Share and Forecast Till 2022. The report on global fatty amines market evaluates the growth trends of the industry through historical study and estimates future prospects based on comprehensive research. The report extensively provides the market share, growth, trends and forecasts for the period 2015-2022. The market size in terms of volume (KT) and revenue (USD MN) is calculated for the study period along with the details of the factors affecting the market growth (drivers and restraints). Get FREE Sample Report Copy @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/download-sample-16200 Highlighted below are some prominent market drivers and restraints: A. Market Drivers > Strong demand for agriculture product owing to increasing population > Increasing automotive production which lead to increased use of paints & Coating B. Market Restraints > Fluctuating prices of raw material The comprehensive value chain analysis of the market will assist in attaining better product differentiation, along with detailed understanding of the core competency of each activity involved. The market attractiveness analysis provided in the report aptly measures the potential value of the market providing business strategists with the latest growth opportunities. The report classifies the market into different segments based on type and application. These segments are studied in detail incorporating the market estimates and forecasts at regional and country level. The segment analysis is useful in understanding the growth areas and probable opportunities of the market. The report covers following company profiles (can be customized as per requirement): > AkzoNobel N.V. > CECA Arkema Group > Clariant AG > DuPont > Evonik Industries AG > Kao Corporation > Lonza > P&G Chemicals Company > Sigma-Aldrich Corporation > Volant-Chem Group See the complete TOC and segmentations @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/ip/16200-fatty-amines-market-report A detailed description of each has been included, with information in terms of H.Q, future capacities, key mergers & acquisitions, financial overview, partnerships, collaborations, new product launches, new product developments and other latest industrial developments. Table Of Contents – Overview 1. Introduction 2. Executive Summary 3. Market Analysis 4. Fatty Amines Market Analysis By Type 5. Fatty Amines Market Analysis By Application 6. Fatty Amines Market Analysis By Geography 7. Competitive Landscape Of The Fatty Amines Companies 8. Company Profiles Of The Fatty Amines Industry Purchase Complete Global Fatty Amines Market Research Report At: http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/buy-now-16200 About Us: DecisionDatabases.com is a global business research reports provider, enriching decision makers and strategists with qualitative statistics. DecisionDatabases.com is proficient in providing syndicated research report, customized research reports, company profiles and industry databases across multiple domains. Our expert research analysts have been trained to map client’s research requirements to the correct research resource leading to a distinctive edge over its competitors. We provide intellectual, precise and meaningful data at a lightning speed. Follow us on LinkedIn for our latest upcoming reports – https://www.linkedin.com/company/decisiondatabases-com For more details: DecisionDatabases.com E-Mail: sales@decisiondatabases.com Phone: +91 99 28 237112 Web: www.decisiondatabases.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Horizontal Surface Pumps Market 2015-2022 Outlook Research Report Next PostNext FUISZ Announces Filing of Patent Application Relating to New Manufacturing Methods and Compositions for Oral Soluble Films, Superior to Wet Casting Methodologies (Amended Press Release) Search Recent Posts Get Ready for a Kindle New Release – The Fountain of Youth: A Wryte and Wong Mystery Instant Rebates on Home Flooring Coming Soon to Simi Valley, CA, Via the Home Makeover Sale Help Protect the Environment with Eco-Friendly Flooring Alternatives for Sale in Lake Orion, MI Center for Adoption Support and Education Honors a Former Congresswoman and an Award-Winning Journalist with a Star of Adoption Award at Annual Gala April 27 Eighteen25 Now Leasing in Downtown Houston Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by Military News United States Beauty Devices Market Will Grow at 18.8% CAGR by 2020 The U.S. beauty devices market is witnessing significant growth due to rising in geriatric population, as these beauty devices help reverse skin aging. Moreover, increasing the prevalence of obesity resulting in cellulite accumulation and skin diseases, and harmful effects of ultraviolet radiation are also driving the market. However, there are various risks and complications associated with beauty devices such as bruising, swelling, and redness. Furthermore, the wide availability of easy-to-use beauty products inhibits the growth of the U.S. beauty devices market. The U.S. beauty devices market is anticipated to grow from USD 9,034.2 million in 2014 to USD 25,375.7 million by 2020 at a CAGR of 18.8% during the forecast period. According to a new market report published by Persistence Market Research titled The U.S. Market Study on Beauty Devices: At-home Devices to Witness Highest Growth by 2020, the U.S. beauty devices market was valued at USD 9,034.2 million in 2014 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 18.8% from 2014 to 2020, to reach an estimated value of USD 25,375.7 million by 2020. A sample of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/4331 In North America, increasing aging population and availability of advanced devices are driving the growth in demand for beauty devices in the market. In addition, in the U.S., there are around 750,000 beauty salons and spas. These beauty salons and spas have propelled the demand for beauty devices and personal care products in order to offer better services to their customers. Request to view table of content @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/us-beau… L’Oréal Group, Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc., Home Skinovations Ltd., PhotoMedex, Inc., TRIA Beauty, Inc., Koninklijke Philips N.V., Syneron Medical, Ltd., Cynosure, Inc., and Procter & Gamble Company are some of the major players in the U.S. beauty devices market. About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: www.persistencemarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsIT, New Media & Software Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Circular Knitting Machine Market Overview, Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis, Growth Opportunities & Restraints to 2022 Next PostNext Beauty Devices Market Will Grow at at 18.7% CAGR by 2020 Search Recent Posts Steam Mops Market in United States Analysis and Growth Forecast by Regions, Type and Application to 2022 Somalia: UN, global partners commend creation of National Security Council How life changed in one moment for this Marine World Wearable Payment Market CAGR of 59.44% during 2016-2020: Key Vendors, Driver, Challenges & Trends, Vendor Landscape Analysis & Forecast to 2020 Greystone Logistics, Inc. Reports Results of Operations for the Periods Ended February 28, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by Military News Beauty Devices Market Will Grow at at 18.7% CAGR by 2020 According to a new market report published by Persistence Market Research “Global Market Study on Beauty Devices: Asia to Witness Highest Growth by 2020,” the global beauty devices market was valued at USD 19,389.1 million in 2014 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 18.7% from 2014 to 2020, to reach an estimated value of USD 54,186.9 million in 2020. Globally, the beauty devices market is witnessing significant growth due to increasing disposable income, which is enabling people to spend more on personal care. In addition, rise in aging the population and increasing prevalence of skin diseases and harmful effects of ultraviolet radiation are also driving the growth of the market. However, there are various risks and complications associated with beauty devices which may lead to bruising, swelling, and redness. In addition, extended availability of easy-to-use beauty products inhibits the growth of the market. The global beauty devices market is anticipated to grow from an estimated USD 19,389.1 million in 2014 to USD 54,186.9 million in 2020 at a CAGR of 18.7% during the forecast period. In North America, increasing aging population and availability of advanced devices are driving the use of beauty devices in the market. In addition, in the U.S., there are around 750,000 beauty salons and spas. These beauty salon and spas have propelled the demand for beauty devices and personal care products in order to offer better services to their customers. In Europe, the beauty devices market is driven by rising aging population. In addition, in Spain the market is evolving due to rising awareness about potential healing applications of beauty devices in the treatment of skin and hair problems. Request to view table of content @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/beauty-… However, in Asia the growth for beauty devices is much higher than developed countries due to increasing disposable income, availability of multinational brands and the introduction of less expensive beauty devices. A sample of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/3375 L’Oréal Group, Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc., Home Skinovations, Ltd., PhotoMedex, Inc., TRIA Beauty, Inc., Syneron Medical, Ltd., Koninklijke Philips N.V., Panasonic Corporation, Carol Cole Company and Procter & Gamble are some of the major players of beauty devices market. About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: www.persistencemarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsIT, New Media & Software Post navigation Previous PostPrevious United States Beauty Devices Market Will Grow at 18.8% CAGR by 2020 Next PostNext Global Sport Bottle Market Research Report 2017 Search Recent Posts Steam Mops Market in United States Analysis and Growth Forecast by Regions, Type and Application to 2022 Somalia: UN, global partners commend creation of National Security Council How life changed in one moment for this Marine World Wearable Payment Market CAGR of 59.44% during 2016-2020: Key Vendors, Driver, Challenges & Trends, Vendor Landscape Analysis & Forecast to 2020 Greystone Logistics, Inc. Reports Results of Operations for the Periods Ended February 28, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by Military News Peanut Butter Market, 2015-2025 by Segmentation: Based on Product, Application and Region Peanut butter is a high protein, low calorie product that possess high nutritional value. It is healthy alternative to dairy butter and used as bread spread. Major market presence of peanut butter is in western countries in comparison to Asian countries such as India as product is relatively new to the Asian region. Peanut butter is used in various applications in the form of spread and is used as the substitute for milk butter. However, in comparison to other spreads peanut butter is a low calorie product with high protein content. Consumption of peanut butter includes various benefits associated with it such as it helps to reduce the weight and also possess optimum nutrition value. Peanut butter are also available in powder form and used in various applications such as breakfast food, savory sauces and smoothies. Peanut Butter Market Segmentation Peanut butter market is segmented on the basis of product type, distribution channel and region. On the basis of product type peanut butter market is divided into regular, low sodium, low sugar and plain. Among all the segments of the peanut butter, regular peanut butter is the dominating segment, followed by other segments. However, low sodium peanut butter is expected to show fastest growth in the forthcoming years. Peanut butter market is segmented on the basis of distribution channel into supermarkets, hypermarkets, retailers and others. Among all the segments of peanut butter market supermarket segment is expected to contribute maximum revenue to the overall revenue of the peanut butter market, followed by hypermarkets and retailers. Peanut butter market are segmented into North America, Latin America, Western Europe, Eastern Europe, Asia Pacific excluding Japan, Middle East and Africa and Japan. Request Report Sample@ www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-904 Peanut Butter Market: Region-wise Outlook The global peanut butter market is expected to witness robust growth over the forecasted period due to the rising needs of the consumers for low calorie nutritious products. Globally, among all regions, North America is expected to contribute highest market share, followed by Europe over the forecasted period. In North America, U.S. is expected to contribute maximum market share due the high disposable income of the consumers. However, in emerging economies such as Asia Pacific peanut butter market is anticipated to witness highest growth owing to the rising disposable income of consumers in these regions. Peanut Butter Market: Drivers Various drivers for peanut butter market includes rising demand for nutritious products coupled with increasing disposable income of consumers especially in developing countries. Other drivers that fuel the growth of peanut butter market are increasing demand for low calorie healthy food and emergence of hectic life schedule. Changing lifestyle coupled with shift towards the intake of convenient food are also factors that are expected to drive the peanut butter market in the coming four to five years. Major restraint that is expected to hamper the growth of the overall peanut butter market is the availability of peanut at relatively competitive prices coupled with fluctuating production of peanuts especially in India. Request For TOC@ www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-904 Peanut Butter Market: Key Players Major players operating in peanut butter market are Procter & Gamble, Unilever, The J.M. Smucker Company, Hormel Foods Corporation, Boulder Brands Inc., Kraft Canada Inc., Algood Food Company Inc. Various companies operating in peanut butter market are mainly adopting strategy to launch new varieties of peanut butter in order to grab the changing needs and preferences of the consumers. ABOUT US: Future Market Insights (FMI) is a leading market intelligence and consulting firm. We deliver syndicated research reports, custom research reports and consulting services, which are personalized in nature. FMI delivers a complete packaged solution, which combines current market intelligence, statistical anecdotes, technology inputs, valuable growth insights, an aerial view of the competitive framework, and future market trends. CONTACT: 616 Corporate Way, Suite 2-9018, Valley Cottage, NY 10989, United States T: +1-347-918-3531 F: +1-845-579-5705 Email: sales@futuremarketinsights.com Press: press@futuremarketinsights.com Website: www.futuremarketinsights.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Media Consulting, Marketing Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Fujitsu Releases Six New Enterprise PC and Tablet Models Next PostNext Native Advertising Market Forecast and Segments, 2015-2025 Search Recent Posts The Sun Sentinel Names One Park Financial a Winner of the South FL 2017 Top Workplaces Award NY Senate Honors High School Student’s Autism Fundraising Efforts MAG Aerospace Acquires Discovery Air Fire Services Gel Batteries Market Effect and Growth Factors Research and Projection in Europe, the Middle East and Africa 2017-2021 Fuse Seat Market Sales Overview, Growth Opportunities and Restraint in Europe, the Middle East and Africa to 2021 Proudly powered by WordPress
Sections News Eric Frein Trial Trump Weather Archives Obituaries Business Stocks Education Data Center NEPA 911 Health-Science Local History Gas Drilling Courts State Sports High School Penn State RailRiders Penguins Gameface Golf Motorsports Wildlife Varsity570 Lifestyles Curtain Call Student Artists Calendar Life events Food and wine 10 things Mothers Home and Garden On The Record Crossword Times Traveler My Town Scranton Dunmore Abingtons Downvalley Midvalley Upvalley N. Pocono Wayne Wyoming Susquehanna Opinion Editorials & Columns Letters Submit Letter Cole Cartoon Blog Blogs Chris Kelly Blog John Cole Cartoons High School Sports Penn State RailRiders Photo Blog Local History The Borys Blog WildLife Blog Contact Print Subscription Print Advertising NIE Press Pass Classifieds Classifieds NEPAAutoSource Real Estate Jobs Shopping Circulars Coupons Marketplace Smart Subscribe ALL ACCESS SUBSCRIPTION A Scranton Times-Tribune All Access subscription gets you complete access to both our print and digital publications, delivered to your home, desktop and mobile devices 7 days a week Subscribe to home delivery Digital Only Subscription Read the digital SMART Edition of The Times-Tribune on your PC or mobile device, and have 24/7 access to breaking news, local sports, contests, and more at thetimes-tribune.com or on our mobile apps. Digital Services Have news alerts sent to your mobile device, read the Smart Edition sign up for daily newsletters, activate your all access, enter contests, take quizzes, download our mobile apps and see the latest e-circulars. Contact Us   Manage your subscription, update your subscriber information, see frequently asked questions or request customer service support. Sign In News • Sports • Lifestyles • Obituaries • Opinion • Contact • Classifieds • Marketplace • Smart Ex-cop, controller vie for Dickson City mayor High School Sports Blog Chris Kelly Blog: Christopher J. Kelly, is the Scranton Times-Tribune Columnist. My Town: Read and comment on news, sports, features and opinion from your local community: Court Notes: Complete listings of marriage licenses, property transactions, tax liens, estates filed News Flash: Get news alerts from the Times-Tribune on your mobile phone or in your email. Education Databases: Searchable databases on demographics, test scores, financial information and te Most Read Recent Comments 'Green beans' sales at Mayfield market turns into drug arrest Scranton sends rental registration letters to residents, many of whom are not landlords Body of missing Luzerne County grad found in river near Boston State hospital patient missing in Nanticoke Computer expert testifies on evidence this morning during Eric Frein trial Frein Trial: Wounded trooper takes the stand Ex-cop, controller vie for Dickson City mayor Motorcycle rider hospitalized after crash in Susquehanna County LENOX TWP. — A man was taken to the hospital after he crashed his motorcycle heading north on Interstate 81. (read more) Libraries to add 3-D printer, 'creation stations' The 3-D printer steadily hummed as it methodically melted plastic and spread the blue material into a thin layer in the basement computer lab at Lackawanna County Children’s Library. (read more) Photos: Easter Celebrations On Easter Sunday, churches around the area delivered messages to the faithful. (read more) Monday Update: Scranton objects to lawsuit challenging its taxing structure Scranton seeks the dismissal of a lawsuit by residents challenging the city’s taxing structure, because the city claims its home rule charter trumps a state law mandating a cap on certain taxes. (read more) Frein trial: Prosecution expected to rest soon MILFORD — Prosecutors expect to rest their case soon against accused cop killer Eric Matthew Frein. (read more) Ex-cop, controller vie for Dickson City mayor Dickson City’s former longtime police chief and current controller will square off for the Democratic nomination for mayor in the May primary election. (read more) Chris Kelly: The gospel of Matthew If you need a reason to believe in God, search no further than Matthew McDonnell. He has lived most of his seven years in the shadow of death. Each time darkness fell, he was raised up by the light inside him. (read more) NEPA's Most Wanted 4/16/17 Walter Little Wanted for: DUI (highest impairment), possession of a controlled substance with the intent to distribute (cocaine). (read more) BY TERRIE MORGAN-BESECKER / Published: April 17, 2017 Article Tools Font size – + Share This     MacCallum Stadnitski Dickson City’s former longtime police chief and current controller will square off for the Democratic nomination for mayor in the May primary election. William Stadnitski, who served as police chief for 33 years, and Robert MacCallum, who served as controller for seven years, are vying to replace current Mayor Stanley Prushinski, who opted not to seek re-election as mayor and is instead seeking a seat on council. No one is seeking the Republican nomination for mayor. Stadnitski, 67, retired as police chief in 2009. He believes the mayor’s primary responsibility is to support the Police Department. He decided to run because he thinks the department is going in the wrong direction and he has the necessary experience to get it back on track. “There is constant bickering between the union and council. A lot of it can be resolved,” Stadnitski said. If elected, Stadnitski pledged to search for grants to try to increase the number of full-time officers. He’d also like to see the borough restart a bicycle patrol that was in operation when he was chief. MacCallum, 51, said he’s hoping to continue his family’s longtime involvement in borough politics, which started with his father, who served on council in the mid-1990s. MacCallum also would like to see more full-time police officers. His experience as the borough’s controller and in a supervisory position at his job with Procter & Gamble have given him the leadership skills necessary to serve as mayor, he said. “I look forward to working with the new police chief and council. ... I’d like to be an ally for the officers and an ally to the chief to help him with the transition,” he said. Voters will cast their ballots May 16. Contact the writer: tbesecker@timesshamrock.com; 570-348-9137; @tmbeseckerTT onTwitter   Robert MacCallum Age: 51 Family: Single; one daughter. Education: Mid Valley High School, class of 1984; Bachelor of Arts in political science, University of Scranton, 1988. Employment: Procter & Gamble Experience: Dickson City controller, 2010 to present. William Stadnitski Age: 67 Family: Married; three children, two stepchildren. Education: Dickson City High School, class of 1967. Employment: Retired from Dickson City Police Department; Air Force, 1968-71. Experience: Dickson City Police Department, 1972-2009; served as chief, 1976-2009. Recent Midvalley News Fire destroys young couple’s Archbald home Frein trial: Prosecution expected to rest soon Ex-cop, controller vie for Dickson City mayor Auto enthusiasts show their rides at Circle Drive-In Around the Towns, April 16, 2017 Frein trial testimony ranges from chilling to mundane Two seek Democratic nod for Scott Twp. supervisors race We welcome user discussion on our site, under the following guidelines: To comment you must first create a profile and sign-in with a verified DISQUS account or social network ID. Sign up here. Comments in violation of the rules will be denied, and repeat violators will be banned. Please help police the community by flagging offensive comments for our moderators to review. By posting a comment, you agree to our full terms and conditions. Click here to read terms and conditions. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus 149 Penn Ave. Scranton, PA 18503 1-800-228-4637 CONTACT US Copyright ©2017 The Scranton Times-Tribune PRIVACY POLICY | OPINION POSTING POLICY | ABOUT OUR ADS | Questions or comments? CONTACT US SUBSCRIBE HOME DELIVERY DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTIONS NEWSLETTERS ALERTS NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS LIFESTYLES BUSINESS OPINION CONTACT JOBS CLASSIFIEDS MARKETPLACE PLACE AN AD FIND SCRANTON JOBS Facebook Twitter      
