Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Bath Soaps Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Global Bath Soaps market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer PUNE, INDIA, June 5, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Summary Global Bath Soaps market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Procter & Gamble Unilever Colgate Palmolive Johnson & Johnson Chicco LUX DOVE Sebapharma Pigeon Galderma Laboratories Burt’s Bees Himalaya PZ Cussons Weleda Mustela Walch Safeguard Dettol OLAY Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1340640-global-bath-soaps-market-research-report-2017 Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Bath Soaps in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Medicated Bath Soap Non-medicated Bath Soap On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Bath Soaps for each application, including Retail Stores Specialty Stores Online Stores Other At any Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1340640-global-bath-soaps-market-research-report-2017 Table of Contents Global Bath Soaps Market Research Report 2017 1 Bath Soaps Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Bath Soaps 1.2 Bath Soaps Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Bath Soaps Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Bath Soaps Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Medicated Bath Soap 1.2.4 Non-medicated Bath Soap 1.3 Global Bath Soaps Segment by Application 1.3.1 Bath Soaps Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Retail Stores 1.3.3 Specialty Stores 1.3.4 Online Stores 1.3.5 Other 1.4 Global Bath Soaps Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Bath Soaps Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Bath Soaps (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Bath Soaps Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Bath Soaps Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) … 7 Global Bath Soaps Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 Procter & Gamble 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Bath Soaps Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 Procter & Gamble Bath Soaps Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Unilever 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Bath Soaps Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 Unilever Bath Soaps Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 Colgate Palmolive 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Bath Soaps Product Category, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 Colgate Palmolive Bath Soaps Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.4 Johnson & Johnson 7.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.4.2 Bath Soaps Product Category, Application and Specification 7.4.2.1 Product A 7.4.2.2 Product B 7.4.3 Johnson & Johnson Bath Soaps Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.5 Chicco 7.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.5.2 Bath Soaps Product Category, Application and Specification 7.5.2.1 Product A 7.5.2.2 Product B 7.5.3 Chicco Bath Soaps Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.6 LUX 7.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.6.2 Bath Soaps Product Category, Application and Specification 7.6.2.1 Product A 7.6.2.2 Product B 7.6.3 LUX Bath Soaps Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.7 DOVE 7.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.7.2 Bath Soaps Product Category, Application and Specification 7.7.2.1 Product A 7.7.2.2 Product B 7.7.3 DOVE Bath Soaps Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.8 Sebapharma 7.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.8.2 Bath Soaps Product Category, Application and Specification 7.8.2.1 Product A 7.8.2.2 Product B 7.8.3 Sebapharma Bath Soaps Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.9 Pigeon 7.9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.9.2 Bath Soaps Product Category, Application and Specification 7.9.2.1 Product A 7.9.2.2 Product B 7.9.3 Pigeon Bath Soaps Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.10 Galderma Laboratories 7.10.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.10.2 Bath Soaps Product Category, Application and Specification 7.10.2.1 Product A 7.10.2.2 Product B 7.10.3 Galderma Laboratories Bath Soaps Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.10.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.11 Burt’s Bees 7.12 Himalaya 7.13 PZ Cussons 7.14 Weleda 7.15 Mustela 7.16 Walch 7.17 Safeguard 7.18 Dettol 7.19 OLAY Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1340640 Continued…. Norah Trent Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)/+91 841 198 5042 (IND) email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious South Coast Pools &amp; Spa Now Become The Top Swimming Pool Cleaning &amp; Repairing Service Provider Next PostNext Polyhydric Alcohol Market Development Trends, Key Manufacturers and Competitive Analysis 2017-2021 Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Consumer Goods Consumer Retail Autos Food and Beverage Restaurants Fashion Goods Retail Report P&G CEO says it's in 'ongoing constructive, active' talks with activist Trian Procter & Gamble is in "ongoing constructive, active" talks with Trian Fund Management about the future of its brands, P&G Chief David Taylor told CNBC. Trian has been increasing its stake in the household products giant. Monday, 5 Jun 2017 | 11:21 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters P&G CEO David Taylor: We listen to ideas from shareholders    Monday, 5 Jun 2017 | 10:43 AM ET | 04:04 Procter & Gamble is in "ongoing constructive, active" talks with Trian Fund Management about the future of its brands, P&G Chief David Taylor told CNBC. "We are willing to engage. We want to be better," Taylor said. He added that he is willing to take ideas from the hedge fund about how to improve its business as it does from other stakeholders. CNBC reported in February that Trian had acquired a $3.5 billion stake in the multinational consumer goods maker. In May, a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission showed that the fund reported it held 36.17 million P&G shares, six times that of the prior quarter. P&G recently made an effort to focus on its core products, like Gillette razors, and shed unprofitable brands after it struggled to boost top-line growth. Taylor told CNBC the company is moving ahead on sharpening its focus on 10 categories, including its laundry care and shaving businesses, and empowering its brand presidents to make decisions and operate independently. These decisions encompass everything from how much to invest in research and development to which markets to enter. The P&G chief told CNBC the company continues to work on its plan to shave $10 billion in costs through productivity improvements, including reducing overhead costs and the costs of goods sold, marketing and media buying. As for questions about whether P&G should break up into smaller companies, Taylor said that the scale of the company helps it in a variety of ways. Trian was founded in 2005 by Nelson Peltz, Peter May and Ed Garden and it seeks to invest in high-quality but undervalued and underperforming public companies. —Reporting by Sara Eisen. Written by Berkeley Lovelace Jr. Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change PG --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Skip to content Home About Us Advertise With Us contact us Search for: Thursday 08 June Thursday 08 June Follow @vanguardngrnews Vanguard News A Nigerian newspaper and Online version of the Vanguard, a daily publication in Nigeria covering Niger delta, general national news, politics, business, energy, sports, entertainment, fashion,lifestyle human interest stories, etc Search for: Home News Headlines Sports Politics Business Finance Tech Motoring Entertainment Allure Videos Editorial Viewpoint Forum Jobs Columns Sports Bassey People & Politics Rational Perspectives Broken Links Article of Faith Tuesday Platform Pini Jason Talking Point Hakeem Baba-Ahmad For Crying Out Loud People & Politics Is’haq Modibbo Kawu The Hub Sweet and Sour My Layman’s View Onochie Anibeze Tonye Princewill Crisp Shots The Passing Scene Soul Kate Stomach Democracy Sunday Perspectives My World Frankly Speaking The Orbit The Spectrum Nigeria Today Vista Woman Voice of Reason Moment to Moment Article of Faith Relationships More Breaking News Translate Home » News » Procter & Gamble expands fFootprint in Nigeria Procter & Gamble expands fFootprint in Nigeria On June 5, 20171:15 pmIn News by adekunleComments Procter & Gamble, a leading FMCG company, has expanded its footprint in Nigeria by commissioning a state of the art production line for it Always brand at the P&G manufacturing site in Agbara, Ogun State Mrs. Yetunde Oni, Ag Director-General, National Agency for Food and Drugs Administration and Control (NAFDAC); Professor Yemi Osinbajo, Ag President, Federal Republic of Nigeria; Mr George Nassar, Managing Director, P&G Nigeria; Senator Ibikunle Amosun, Governor, Ogun State and Otunba Bimbo Ashiru, Commissioner for Trade and Investment, Ogun State at the site tour and commissioning of P&G’s Always Line held at the Agbara Plant, Ogun State, recently. The manufacturing line was formally declared open by Prof. Yemi Osinbajo, Vice President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria during a site visit to the manufacturing plant on the 2nd of June 2017. This investment is an assurance of P&G’s commitment to continually contribute to Nigeria’s economic and social development through localization of its products. This will in turn make Nigeria a key export Hub for Africa and will further lead to creation of jobs, SME’s and development of human capital in the country. Speaking during the commissioning, George Nassar, Managing Director, P&G Nigeria said “P&G’s growth and expansion plans for Nigeria are long-term. This investment is a testament to the industrial and infrastructural advancement that P&G is bringing not only to Nigeria, but to Africa as a whole. We delight in being a responsible corporate citizen.” He also elaborated on the importance of this new Line to the economy saying “P&G’s is investing even more in Nigeria and will continue to serve Nigerian girls and women.” According to him, “P&G makes it a point of importance as a business to make significant investments in understanding our consumers and to deliver innovative products and campaigns that improve lives. It is our hope that this new asset will further support the availability of the Product to more women and girls in Nigeria.” While commending P&G, Ag. President Yemi Osinbajo, said the Federal Government of Nigeria is delighted to have a company that is investing in Nigeria. According to him, “this investment is in tandem with the drive of the current administration for manufacturing companies to produce locally and invest in human capital development. He encouraged other FMCGs to emulate P&G by investing in all the geopolitical areas of the country as this will aid the growth of the economy”. Similarly, Senator Ibikunle Amosun, the Governor of Ogun State, commended P&G for locating the factory in Agbara, Ogun State. In his words “Ogun state is fast becoming a global destination for investment. We look forward to embracing innovations, initiatives and more companies willing to support the vision of the Federal Government through local production”. Other dignitaries who were present at the commissioning include, Mrs Yetunde Oni Director General of The National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC), amongst others. P&G started operations in Nigeria in 1992 with the acquisition of the Richardson Vicks manufacturing plant in Ibadan by Procter and Gamble. Local production of Vicks and Always began in 1993 and Pampers in 1994. Since then, P&G has continuously expanded its offering to meet the needs and lifestyles of Nigerian consumers. The company commissioned a $300-million-dollar state of the art manufacturing plant located in Agbara Ogun State in 2014. adekunle View all posts by adekunle → Previous Post Anichebe to partner Anambra Govt. to provide synthetic pitches in schools Next Post Anambra seals Eko bank over N2bn debt Disclaimer Comments expressed here do not reflect the opinions of vanguard newspapers or any employee thereof. Latest News 2:05 pmRainy season: Stay away from falling electric poles, equipment, EKEDC warns residents 1:42 pmUN apologises to Nigeria over human rights issues 1:32 pmBello assures Igbos of their security in Kogi 1:27 pmVideo: CCTV captures live bank robbery in Nigeria 1:24 pmReal Madrid call presidential election 12:38 pmSouthern Kaduna violence: 8 districts sign peace deal 12:26 pmArewa Youths: Ohaneze Youths Council sues for peace 12:23 pmArmy confirms Islamic militants holding a Catholic priest, 99 others hostage 12:01 pmMilitants overrun military base, allegedly kill 61 soldiers, take over town 11:53 amBomb Scare: Passengers jump off plane in Australia 11:45 amNAFDAC alerts security operatives of fake recruitment websites 11:38 amUpdate companies or loose registration licences, SEC warns capital market experts 11:37 amPolice say explosive device thrown into U.S. embassy compound in Kiev 11:36 amCause of Kogi APC crisis revealed 11:30 amI did not kill my husband, female lawyer tells court 11:29 amPresident’s health causes concern 11:28 amChinese exam authorities to use facial recognition, drones to catch cheats View All Sponsored Shocking!How Small Manhood Made Banker Lose His Wife & His Life to An Agbero! This is A Sponsored Post..   Dear Reader,                                             If you are a man and you DON’T wan... Pepsi Brought The UEFA Champions League Final To Life In Nigeria Shocking! Nigerian Women SECRETLY Reveals Shocking Reasons Why Most Men Are Very Poor on Bed! Study at Scotland Top University! Meet a University Representative from Dundee in Abuja.  Editorial Stop this nonsense, now! Periods of social anomie open opportunities for delinquents to thrive in society. And so Nigerians discovered on Tuesday... Protect schools in riverine areas Need for caution on new minimum wage Salute to Nigeria’s “smart” family Most Commented Stop this nonsense, now!122 Quit notice did not start today, did not start yesterday - Lai Mohammed116 Igbo quit notice: Police begin manhunt for signatories223 Igbo quit notice: S-East Govs hold emergency meeting380 Igbo quit notice: FG, Northern govs slam Arewa youths83 Urhobo rejects inclusion in Biafra map, warns IPOB, MASSOB66 We’ll accommodate Igbos if north chases them away – Middle Belt group305 Videos Video: CCTV captures live bank robbery in Nigeria Video: Cattle invade Edo primary school classrooms Fans petition to retire Tiote’s Newcastle number VAT Wonder Goal: Ubong Friday beats Obaje to clinch award Trending Nigeria: Destined for war? The declaration by the AGF is the most unfortunate pointer to the fact that a negotiated settlement of the Nigerian cris... Likely scenarios if Biafra goes S-South is part of Biafra- MASSOB E-editions #Vanguardtraffic Wife sleeps with husband’s typist A 65-year-old man on Friday told an Ibadan Customary Court, sitting in Agodi, how his wife of 38 years committed adulter... People & Politics Likely scenarios if Biafra goes MAY 30th 2017 has gone down as a date that the Igbo people showed, with total accord, that they are dead serious about t... Read More Muhammed Adamu on Thursday Biafra: In peace or in pieces The right of the Igbo or other ‘minorities’ to secede from a constitutionally governed Nigeria must be located in the co... Read More The Hub Republics within a Republic Everything we are doing is in total contravention of the letter and spirit of ourlaws and the Constitution Read More Tip of a New Dawn Who is lying to the Igbos and to the rest of Nigeria? Corruption is the true root of marginalisation; the next time you hear the word “marginalisation” ask yourself what the... Read More Talking Point IPOB/MASSOB: Beyond the symbolism of a struggle Were Igbo intellectuals and people of acumen not part of the Obasanjo administration? What did this do for the Igbo as a... Read More Afe for Vanguard Lowering of standards for admission into varsities: The role of JAMB, NUC and the Senate (2) LAST week I began an examination of the reasons for the drop in the standard for admission into Nigerian Universities wi... Sweet Crude Education Environment Motoring Metro Interview Labour Law & Human Rights Bus Stop Parliament Crime Guard Crime Alert Homes & Property Investors Forum Insurance and You Features Worship Conference Hall Life Style Health Travel & Tourism Human Angle Is It Beyond Pardon? The Arts Tummy Talk Woman Columns Monday Sport Bassey People And Politics Rational Perspectives Sobowale on Business Broken Links Owei Lakemfa Tuesday Femi Aribisala Dispatches from America Wednesday Talking Point For Crying Out Loud Tip of a New Dawn Thursday People Politics Is’haq Modibbo Kawu The Hub Friday Sweet Sour Lipstick Owei Lakemfa Saturday The Passing Scene My World Frank & Fair Marriage & Family Oil & Gas Summiteer Bits & Pieces Sunday Frankly Speaking Sunday Perspectives Nigeria Today The Orbit Outside Looking In Joyful Homes Article of Faith © 2017 Vanguard Media Limited, Nigeria Home About Us Advertise With Us contact us
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education More... MultimediaConsumerScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Science Travel 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Opinion Last Modified: Tue, Jun 06 2017. 12 52 PM IST Google wants to block ads to save them Starting next year, its Google’s Chrome web browser will block all ads — including those bought through Google — on websites that don’t follow guidelines set by an industry group Subscribe to our newsletter. Leonid Bershidsky Google controls more than 40% of the US digital ad market. Photo: Reuters Google, which controls more than 40% of the US digital ad market, has decided to teach the world which ads are acceptable and which aren’t. Starting next year, its Chrome web browser will block all ads — including those bought through Google — on websites that don’t follow guidelines set by an industry group. This monopolistic move is meant to save the digital ad industry from itself. It would also have the side effects of making Google’s business model more sustainable. Sridhar Ramaswamy, Google’s senior vice-president for ads and commerce, delivered the warning to website owners in a recent blog post. Chrome, he wrote, won’t show any advertising on sites that try to run ads that are designated as annoying by the Coalition for Better Ads, a group that, apart from Google, includes the second digital ad powerhouse — Facebook, as well as content creators such as News Corp. and The Washington Post and major advertisers such as Procter & Gamble. The group has researched user experiences and concluded that internet users hate pop-up ads, self-launching videos with sound, countdown ads that make one wait before a page loads, and large sticky ads that don’t go away as you scroll. Google is not the first browser maker to build in ad blocking functionality. Last year, Norway-based Opera Software did so, saying it wanted to motivate the industry to stop annoying viewers and increasing website load times. Like Google, Opera also declared it supported lighter ad formats, but didn’t pick and choose websites on which to filter out advertising. Now, about a third of Opera users have turned on the blocking feature. But there are too few of them to count: Opera commands a 3.5% global market share. Chrome, with 54%, dwarfs all other players, and its threat to stop showing ads on certain sites is essentially an order to change or die. It’s not a nice move. Many will see it as a power grab aimed at weakening other players, who are already losing share to Google and Facebook. Content creators could point out that the two giants sell some of the most irritating ad formats, but the Coalition for Better Ads has no problem with them. Instead, it’s helping Google wage war on the formats that bring in the most revenue for publishers. So why would Google expose itself to new accusations of abusing its monopoly position, especially given that its business keeps growing and so does the global digital ad market, which is expected to reach $223.7 billion this year and continue to make double-digit leaps until at least 2020? Google founders and executives have built such a powerful company because they have never allowed themselves to get stuck in the present or the near future. And the medium term looks troubling for the digital ad industry because of the quickly growing use of ad blockers. On desktop computers, the use of such software is increasing while web traffic from them is going down. But that’s not what should worry Google, whose strategy is based on mobile dominance; on mobile devices, the use of ad blockers is rocketing. In 2016, Google’s ad sales increased about 18%. The number of mobile devices that use an ad blocker grew 38% (to 380 million), according to PageFair. Much of that growth is in Asia, one of the most promising regions for advertisers. Increasingly, Google and other companies exploiting advertising-based business models are facing a world in which ads are sold, providing a robust revenue stream, but people find ways to opt out of looking at them. That gives fraud — primarily the practice of “showing” ads to bots rather than real people — an increasing weight in the industry’s total revenues. Google needs to get real people to keep looking at ads, and it appears to believe that making other people’s ads less intrusive is the way toward that goal. I doubt it’s going to solve the problem, mainly because the guidelines are written in a way that ensures that viewers will continue to see annoying ads from Google and Facebook — if not from many other sites. Google appears to believe that the digital ad market’s fundamental contradiction between people’s desire for free content and their annoyance with ads is a matter of balance. That belief is apparently shared by some content producers: A few of them have signed up for Google’s relaunched Contributor program, which allows sites to charge a small fee — usually $0.01 per page — to show a visitor no ads at all. But the program did badly before the relaunch, and very few content sites have signed up for it now. To most readers, paying to see no ads is essentially like paying protection money — something to be avoided with the help of a comprehensive ad blocker, not a pro-Google, pro-Facebook one. Content creators, like any other manufacturers, are on shaky ground when people can consume their product free of charge. A strong paid subscription base is the only good insurance against a future digital advertising crisis, which Google is trying to stave off with its attempt to join a trend it can’t beat. Bloomberg Leonid Bershidsky Topics: Google digital ads digital ad revenue Chrome Coalition for Better Ads More From Livemint READ MORE Hyderabad to Pochampally: The Ikat getaway Gorkha Janmukti Morcha protests engulf Darjeeling, police attacked, cars vandalized Maruti Manesar violence case: Haryana govt to challenge acquittal of 117 former workers First Published: Tue, Jun 06 2017. 10 37 AM IST Editor's Picks Infosys drops $20 billion revenue target, forms advisory panel for CEO Vishal Sikka Home loans set to get cheaper as RBI eases norms for banks IIT Delhi among three Indian institutes on global top 200 list Latest News Gorkha Janmukti Morcha protests engulf Darjeeling, police attacked, cars vandalized Maruti Manesar violence case: Haryana govt to challenge acquittal of 117 former workers JEE Advanced result 2017 to be declared on Sunday 11 June at jeeadv.ac.in NEET 2017 results likely to be declared by CBSE after 13 June Madhya Pradesh farmers’ stir: Govt ready for talks, says Shivraj Singh Chouhan Mint On Sunday The best food of Delhi’s state bhawans When parents step in to run schools The defenders of the skies of Roland Garros Beneath the beauty, Mauritius is an archive of human struggle and triumph The elusiveness of silence Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Recent Research into Bath and Shower in China Summary Orbis Research delivers key insights on the Bath and Shower in China Market This report helps to analyze competitive developments such as joint ventures, strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, new product developments, and research and developments Description Segmentation and personalisation in bath and shower are designed to satisfy individual needs based on gender; for example Old Spice Body Wash for men from Procter & Gamble (Guangzhou) and The Face Shop Perfumed Body Wash for women from LG Household & Health Care. Bath and Shower in China report offers a comprehensive guide to the size and shape of the market at a national level. It provides the latest retail sales data 2012-2016, allowing you to identify the sectors driving growth. Forecasts to 2021 illustrate how the market is set to change. Product coverage: Bar Soap, Bath Additives, Body Wash/Shower Gel, Intimate Hygiene, Liquid Soap, Talcum Powder. Data coverage: market sizes (historic and forecasts), company shares, brand shares and distribution data. Download PDF Sample of Bath and Shower in China Market Research Report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/295891 Why buy this report? Get a detailed picture of the Bath and Shower market; Pinpoint growth sectors and identify factors driving change; Understand the competitive environment, the market’s major players and leading brands; Use five-year forecasts to assess how the market is predicted to develop. LIST OF CONTENTS AND TABLES Headlines Trends Competitive Landscape Prospects Category Data Table 1 Sales of Bath and Shower by Category: Value 2011-2016 Table 2 Sales of Bath and Shower by Category: % Value Growth 2011-2016 Table 3 Sales of Bath and Shower by Premium vs Mass: % Value 2011-2016 Table 4 NBO Company Shares of Bath and Shower: % Value 2012-2016 Table 5 LBN Brand Shares of Bath and Shower: % Value 2013-2016 Table 6 LBN Brand Shares of Premium Bath and Shower: % Value 2013-2016 Table 7 Forecast Sales of Bath and Shower by Category: Value 2016-2021 Table 8 Forecast Sales of Bath and Shower by Category: % Value Growth 2016-2021 Table 9 Forecast Sales of Bath and Shower by Premium vs Mass: % Value 2016-2021 Executive Summary Robust Growth Despite the Cooling Chinese Economic Environment Internet Retailing Drives Growth in Sales International Players Take the Lead, Whilst Local Manufacturers Are Catching Up Products With Specific Features Are Favoured Healthy Growth Momentum Is Anticipated in the Forecast Period Key Trends and Developments Premiumisation Trend Leads To Growth in Sales Online Distribution Plays A Vital Role Sets/kits Prevail in Beauty and Personal Care Market Data Table 10 Sales of Beauty and Personal Care by Category: Value 2011-2016 Table 11 Sales of Beauty and Personal Care by Category: % Value Growth 2011-2016 Table 12 Sales of Premium Beauty and Personal Care by Category: Value 2011-2016 Table 13 Sales of Premium Beauty and Personal Care by Category: % Value Growth 2011-2016 Table 14 GBO Company Shares of Beauty and Personal Care: % Value 2012-2016 Table 15 NBO Company Shares of Beauty and Personal Care: % Value 2012-2016 Table 16 LBN Brand Shares of Beauty and Personal Care: % Value 2013-2016 Table 17 Distribution of Beauty and Personal Care by Format: % Value 2011-2016 Table 18 Distribution of Beauty and Personal Care by Format and Category: % Value 2016 Table 19 Forecast Sales of Beauty and Personal Care by Category: Value 2016-2021 Table 20 Forecast Sales of Beauty and Personal Care by Category: % Value Growth 2016-2021 Table 21 Forecast Sales of Premium Beauty and Personal Care by Category: Value 2016-2021 Table 22 Forecast Sales of Premium Beauty and Personal Care by Category: % Value Growth 2016-2021 Sources Summary 1 Research Sources   Place Purchase Order for this Report @: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/295891 CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsBath and Shower in China, Bath and Shower in China 'Market, Bath and Shower in China Industry Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Dundee Corporation Announces Executive Appointments Next PostNext Press Conference with Mr Michael Phelan APM, Acting Commissioner, Australian Federal Police Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us: SUBSCRIBE NOW My Profile Log out LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age MenuClose Advertising Age Search Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Video Are the NewFronts Pointless? The NewFronts imitate TV’s annual upfronts marketplace, but digital video still isn’t bought the way TV is. Why are we doing this? Featured Super Bowl Ad Archive Best Places to Work Women to Watch 40 Under 40 Agency Report Leading National Advertisers Tagline Podcast Required Reading The 2017 Marketing Fact Pack Opinion See All DigitalNext The Media Guy Agency Viewpoint Rance Crain Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Log Out Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Now Log Out Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Close Don't Miss TV Upfronts Video Cannes Lions Women to Watch A.I. Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Dos Equis Drops Agency That Created Most Interesting Man By E.J. Schultz and Lindsay Stein - 9 hours ago Array 0 Bored With Basketball, Charles Barkley Goes All-In on the Stanley Cup Final By Anthony Crupi - 12 hours ago Array 0 Uber Hires Apple Music Marketer Bozoma Saint John By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 15 hours ago Array 0 'Still In': Marketers Stand By Climate Pact After Trump Drops Out By Jessica Wohl - 15 hours ago Array 0 Watch the Newest Ads on TV From Cheerios, Old Spice, VW and More 16 hours ago Array 0 Dos Equis Drops Agency That Created Most Interesting Man By E.J. Schultz and Lindsay Stein - 9 hours ago 0 Can You See All 1 Billion Colors in This Samsung TV Ad? By Ann-Christine Diaz - 18 hours ago 0 Uber Hires Apple Music Marketer Bozoma Saint John By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 15 hours ago 0 AB InBev Buys Stakes in Craft Beer Sites, Provoking a Backlash By E.J. Schultz - 17 hours ago 0 Is It Time for 'Fox & Friends' to Rebrand Itself as 'Fox & Our Friend Donald'? By Simon Dumenco - 21 hours ago 0 Ad Age's Women to Watch 2017 - 11 hours ago 0 Marketers Struggle With Viewability IRL, Too By Jack Neff - 18 hours ago 0 Ballad of the Sad White Alpha Men By Simon Dumenco - 18 hours ago 0 NBC Wins Broadcast TV's Annual War of Attrition By Anthony Crupi - Yesterday 0 Strahan Reveals Locker Room Secrets (And What He Thinks of Ryan Seacrest) By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 11 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US × Sign In Register Sign In Forgot Password? Once registered, you can: - Read additional free articles each month - Comment on articles and featured creative work - Get our curated newsletters delivered to your inbox Register Now By registering you agree to our privacy policy, terms & conditions and to receive occasional emails from Ad Age. You may unsubscribe at any time. Are you a print subscriber? Activate your account. Jack Trout, Co-Author of 'Positioning,' Dies at 82 By Jack Neff. Published on June 05, 2017. Jack Trout. Credit: Trout and Partners Most Popular Jack Trout, who coined the term "positioning" and co-authored of one of the most influential marketing books ever, died Sunday at his home in Greenwich, Conn., of intestinal cancer. He was 82. "Positioning: The Battle for Your Mind," co-written in 1981 with Trout's longtime agency and consulting partner Al Ries, was more than a decade in the making. Trout first used the word in a 1969 article, and the concept was the basis of a series of columns in Advertising Age in 1972. "The basic approach of positioning is not to create something new and different," as Trout put it, "but to manipulate what's already up there in the mind, to re-tie the connections that already exist." Positioning fundamentals include the importance of being first, inventing new categories, and having brand names that are strong, clear and understandable. Trout would go on to author or co-author 15 other books on positioning, lecture around the world and develop a global consulting practice. Trout's Greenwich, Conn.-based firm has offices in 20 countries, according to its website, and has consulted with a wide range of marketers, including Apple, AT&T, IBM, Procter & Gamble Co. and General Mills. Trout & Partners carries on under Deng Delong as global president, appointed to the role by Trout when he became ill. The original book has sold more than 2 million copies, more than 400,000 in China alone, said Ries, who split off to form his own consulting firm with his daughter, Laura, in 1994. China has become a major market for both Trout & Partners and Ries & Ries, he said, and if anything the books and "positioning" concept are better known outside the U.S. than inside today. Trout was born in 1935 in Manhattan, the oldest of six children. He went to Iona College on an academic scholarship and after college joined the Navy as a flight navigator. He began his business career in the advertising department of General Electric. A mutual friend recommended him to Ries to join his agency. Ries didn't have an opening at the time, so referred Trout to the advertising department of a client, Uniroyal. When a spot did soon become available, Trout joined Ries at what would become Trout & Ries, where they worked together for 26 years. "We were different," Ries said, explaining the success of the partnership. "He was an extrovert. I was an introvert. One has the idea, and the other is a critic. It goes back and forth." One of Ries' favorite stories about Trout comes from the early 1980s, when Jeffrey Campbell, former CEO of Burger King, then a unit of Pillsbury, asked Ries for an autographed copy of the book and noted it inspired the chain's "flame broiled, not fried" positioning. After hearing about the encounter, Trout told Nation's Restaurant News that "J. Walter Thompson gets the Burger King advertising, and we get the books to sign." "Campbell called me and said, 'Did your partner say that?'" Ries said. "I nearly crawled under my desk, I was so embarrassed. But Campbell said, 'I think he has a point, and I would like to hire you as a consultant,' which they did." Trout is survived by his wife of 60 years, Patricia Daley, and six children, Timothy Trout of New York City; Joanne Trout of Riverside, Conn.; Nancy Trout of Hartford, Conn.; Susan Trout of New York City; Christine Acton, of Annapolis, Md.; and Peter Trout of Larchmont, N.Y. He also had 15 grandchildren. In this article: CMO Strategy CPG Obituaries Packaged Food Restaurants Technology Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Site by AREA 17
Sections MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Submit Follow Us Follow CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Retail MarTech More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Marketing Land Offline to online Snap acquires Placed to better measure in-app ads to in-store sales Ad battle rages Google will start blocking 'annoying' ads on Chrome next year Events Attend Marketing Land’s conferences MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Social Media Marketing Get the most important digital marketing news each day. Snap acquires Placed to better measure in-app ads to in-store sales Placed is able to attribute brand’s digital, TV and out-of-home campaigns to store visits and in-store sales. Tim Peterson on June 5, 2017 at 9:10 pm More Snapchat’s parent company, Snap, has acquired location analytics firm Placed, a company spokesperson said on Monday, confirming a GeekWire report published earlier in the day. The spokesperson declined to say how much Snap paid for Placed — Bloomberg reported the price to be $125 million — but it’s easy to see how buying Placed — which measures store visits and offline revenue generated by digital, TV and out-of-home ads — could pay off for Snap. Advertisers like Procter & Gamble and Unilever are pressuring digital ad sellers like Google, Facebook and Snapchat to prove that the money brands spend on ads results in people spending money on the brands’ products. As a result, Google, Facebook and Snapchat have stepped up their measurement capabilities, especially when it comes to measuring if a digital ad led to a real-world purchase. In April, Snapchat began rolling out its own online-to-offline measurement product called Snap to Store. Through the product, Snapchat is able to recognize when a person is using the app in a marketer-specific location, like a store, restaurant or movie theater, and then check if that person had previously been served any ads from that brand on Snapchat. Buying Placed appears to reinforce what Snapchat is already doing with a team and technology that have been offering this type of ad attribution since 2011. According to Placed’s own description of its methodology, the company’s attribution measurements work similarly to Snapchat’s approach without being limited to Snapchat’s ads. Placed has its own audience of people who opt in to share their location with Placed plus a third-party audience. By continuously tracking people’s location and cross-referencing that information with its database of businesses’ locations, operating hours and other information, the company estimates where a person is likely to be, and then — through deals with ad buyers like DigitasLBi, Essence Digital, Horizon Media and IPG Mediabrands and ad sellers like Conde Nast, Hearst, Pandora and The Weather Company — checks if that person had seen a digital ad, TV commercial or billboard for the business operating that location. After doing that for enough people and comparing visitors who did see an ad with those who did not, Placed calculates the extent to which seeing an ad increased a person’s likelihood to visit and then factors in a location’s sales to calculate the extent to which those ad exposures increased the location’s revenue. “Over the past 12 months, Placed has measured more than $500 million in media spend to store visits, across thousands of campaigns and hundreds of partners,” Placed CEO David Shim said in a blog post published on Monday announcing the deal. Placed will continue to operate as a separate company, with all of its 100-plus employees offered the opportunity to stay on post-acquisition, and Shim will report to Snap’s chief strategy officer, Imran Khan, according to the Snap spokesperson. As a result, advertisers will still be able to use Placed to measure the store visits and offline revenue stemming from their ads running on and off Snapchat. That could concern some advertisers and publishers alike, who may not want Snapchat’s sales team to be able to use that data to price their pitches and poach their clients. But, at least for now, Snap will physically and technically keep Snapchat’s and Placed’s advertiser data separate, the spokesperson said. About The Author Tim Peterson Tim Peterson, Third Door Media's Social Media Reporter, has been covering the digital marketing industry since 2011. He has reported for Advertising Age, Adweek and Direct Marketing News. A born-and-raised Angeleno who graduated from New York University, he currently lives in Los Angeles. He has broken stories on Snapchat's ad plans, Hulu founding CEO Jason Kilar's attempt to take on YouTube and the assemblage of Amazon's ad-tech stack; analyzed YouTube's programming strategy, Facebook's ad-tech ambitions and ad blocking's rise; and documented digital video's biggest annual event VidCon, BuzzFeed's branded video production process and Snapchat Discover's ad load six months after launch. He has also developed tools to monitor brands' early adoption of live-streaming apps, compare Yahoo's and Google's search designs and examine the NFL's YouTube and Facebook video strategies. Popular Stories Facebook adds templates for Canvas ads, extends iAd-like format to Collections How Apple’s Intelligent Tracking Prevention works & why Google/Facebook could benefit most The 5 best digital marketing courses for the modern-day marketer Instagram’s direct-response Story ads are available for self-serve buys Related Topics Channel: Social Media MarketingInternet Marketing Industry: AcquisitionsSnapchatSocial Media MarketingSocial Media Marketing: Advertising Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events June 12-14, 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events SMX Advanced is Back! Attend the only advanced search marketing conference this year. Lock in best rates by June 11. Register today! White Papers The Multiplier Effect of Integrating Search and Social Advertising State of Digital Advertising 2017 Email Deliverability Guide: Making It to the Subscriber Inbox How to Create Agile Content for Your Brand How to Create Content at Scale with Limited Budgets See More Whitepapers Webinars Baby Come Back! How to Grow Customer Revenue with People-Based Search Marketing Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research Sign up for our daily newsletter Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Rising Haircare Spending by the US Dry Shampoo Market Size, Trends & Forecasts (2017-2021) Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 06/05/2017 — Scope of the Report The report titled The US Dry Shampoo Market: Size, Trends & Forecasts (2017-2021) provides an analysis of the US dry shampoo market with comprehensive analysis of market sizing and growth. The analysis includes market by value, by penetration rate and by average monthly searches of dry shampoo by the US population. Furthermore, the report also assesses the key opportunities available in the US market and outline the market dynamics that are and will be accountable for growth of the industry. Growth of the US dry shampoo market has also been forecasted for the period 2017-2021, taking into consideration previous growth patterns, growth drivers and the existing and forthcoming trends. View Report @ http://www.marketresearchreports.biz/analysis/1107685 The competition in the US dry shampoo market is stiff and is dominated by few major players such as Church & Dwight (Batiste), LOreal, Proctor & Gamble and Unilever, whose business profiling has been done in this report, which include their business overview, financial overview and respective business strategies. Company Coverage Church & Dwight (Batiste) LOreal Proctor & Gamble Unilever Request For Sample Copy of report: http://www.marketresearchreports.biz/sample/sample/1107685 Executive Summary US dry shampoo market has shown upward trends over the past few years in the region and is projected to grow further in the forecasted period i.e. 2017 to 2021. Major factors contributing in the growth of the market are innovation in hair care products, rising haircare spending by the US population, changing fashion trends, etc. In the forecasted period, the market will be pushed by research and development by consumer goods manufacturers, growth in e-commerce industry, rising mens grooming industry, etc. Yet the market is facing some challenges, such as severe side-effects, shifting towards natural hair cleansing, unawareness among users, etc. About MarketResearchReports.biz MarketResearchReports.biz is the most comprehensive collection of market research reports. MarketResearchReports.Biz services are specially designed to save time and money for our clients. We are a one stop solution for all your research needs, our main offerings are syndicated research reports, custom research, subscription access and consulting services. We serve all sizes and types of companies spanning across various industries. Contact Mr. Nachiket State Tower 90 Sate Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-621-2074 Website: http://www.marketresearchreports.biz/ E: sales@marketresearchreports.biz CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Schnell-ladender AMP-Content von Google generiert 35 Prozent mehr Engagement als Mobile-Web-Content Next PostNext Le contenu AMP à chargement rapide de Google génère 35 % d’engagement de plus que le contenu web mobile Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Spaces Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Spaces Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU About The Company Bloomberg London Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Sign In Sign In Subscribe Facebook Twitter Email Print Share Media The Problem With Google's War on Annoying Ads This monopolistic move would also make Google's business model more sustainable. by Leonid Bershidsky @Bershidsky More stories by Leonid Bershidsky June 5, 2017, 12:20 PM EDT "How does this help?" Photographer: Ulrich Baumgarten/Getty Images Google, which controls more than 40 percent of the U.S. digital ad market, has decided to teach the world which ads are acceptable and which aren't. Starting next year, its Chrome web browser will block all ads -- including those bought through Google -- on websites that don't follow guidelines set by an industry group. This monopolistic move is meant to save the digital ad industry from itself. It would also have the side effects of making Google's business model more sustainable. Sridhar Ramaswamy, Google's senior vice president for ads and commerce, delivered the warning to website owners in a recent blog post. Chrome, he wrote, won't show any advertising on sites that try to run ads that are designated as annoying by the Coalition for Better Ads, a group that, apart from Google, includes the second digital ad powerhouse -- Facebook, as well as content creators such as News Corp. and The Washington Post and major advertisers such as Procter & Gamble. The group has researched user experiences and concluded that internet users hate pop-up ads, self-launching videos with sound, countdown ads that make one wait before a page loads, and large sticky ads that don't go away as you scroll. Google is not the first browser maker to build in ad blocking functionality. Last year, Norway-based Opera Software did so, saying it wanted to motivate the industry to stop annoying viewers and increasing website load times. Like Google, Opera also declared it supported lighter ad formats, but didn't pick and choose websites on which to filter out advertising. Now, about a third of Opera users have turned on the blocking feature. But there are too few of them to count: Opera commands a 3.5 percent global market share. Chrome, with 54 percent, dwarfs all other players, and its threat to stop showing ads on certain sites is essentially an order to change or die.  It's not a nice move. Many will see it as a power grab aimed at weakening other players, who are already losing share to Google and Facebook. Content creators could point out that the two giants sell some of the most irritating ad formats, but the Coalition for Better Ads has no problem with them. Instead, it's helping Google wage war on the formats that bring in the most revenue for publishers. So why would Google expose itself to new accusations of abusing its monopoly position, especially given that its business keeps growing and so does the global digital ad market, which is expected to reach $223.7 billion this year and continue to make double-digit leaps until at least 2020? Google founders and executives have built such a powerful company because they've never allowed themselves to get stuck in the present or the near future. And the medium term looks troubling for the digital ad industry because of the quickly growing use of ad blockers. On desktop computers, the use of such software is increasing while web traffic from them is going down. But that's not what should worry Google, whose strategy is based on mobile dominance; on mobile devices, the use of ad blockers is rocketing. In 2016, Google's ad sales increased about 18 percent. The number of mobile devices that use an ad blocker grew 38 percent (to 380 million), according to PageFair. Much of that growth is in Asia, one of the most promising regions for advertisers. Increasingly, Google and other companies exploiting advertising-based business models are facing a world in which ads are sold, providing a robust revenue stream, but people find ways to opt out of looking at them. That gives fraud -- primarily the practice of "showing" ads to bots rather than real people -- an increasing weight in the industry's total revenues. Google needs to get real people to keep looking at ads, and it appears to believe that making other people's ads less intrusive is the way toward that goal. I doubt it's going to solve the problem, mainly because the guidelines are written in a way that ensures that viewers will continue to see annoying ads from Google and Facebook -- if not from many other sites. Clear thinking from leading voices in business, economics, politics, foreign affairs, culture, and more. Share the View Sign Up Google appears to believe that the digital ad market's fundamental contradiction between people's desire for free content and their annoyance with ads is a matter of balance. That belief is apparently shared by some content producers: A few of them have signed up for Google's relaunched Contributor program, which allows sites to charge a small fee -- usually $0.01 per page -- to show a visitor no ads at all. But the program did badly before the relaunch, and very few content sites have signed up for it now. To most readers, paying to see no ads is essentially like paying protection money -- something to be avoided with the help of a comprehensive ad blocker, not a pro-Google, pro-Facebook one.  Content creators, like any other manufacturers, are on shaky ground when people can consume their product free of charge. A strong paid subscription base is the only good insurance against a future digital advertising crisis, which Google is trying to stave off with its attempt to join a trend it can't beat.  This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of the editorial board or Bloomberg LP and its owners. To contact the author of this story: Leonid Bershidsky at lbershidsky@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story: Mike Nizza at mnizza3@bloomberg.net Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Comments Leonid Bershidsky is a Bloomberg View columnist. He was the founding editor of the Russian business daily Vedomosti and founded the opinion website Slon.ru. Read more Follow @Bershidsky on Twitter Most Read Comey Finally Backs Trump's Account, Too Late to Help Trump by Eli Lake There's a Way to Make Trump an Adequate President by Jonathan Bernstein Ariana Grande Does What Trump Can't by Francis Wilkinson There's a Strategic Reason for Trump's Tweets by Tyler Cowen War on Leakers Is Off to a Bad Start for Trump by Noah Feldman A Mathematician's Secret: We're Not All Geniuses by Cathy O'Neil Bank Bailouts and Property Taxes by Matt Levine Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by wiseguyreports Latest Report:Haircare Products Industry :key Vendors, Trends, Analysis, Segmentation, Forecast to 2017-2022 Haircare Products   WiseGuyReports.com adds “Global  Haircare Products  Research Report 2017” to its Database. Report Scenario   In this report, the global Haircare Products  market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Haircare Products in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India For Sample Report  @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1340451-global-haircare-products-market-research-report-2017 Global Haircare Products market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including L’Oreal Group Henkel AG & Co., KGaA Procter & Gamble Co. Unilever Corporation Kao Corporation … On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Coloring Perming & Straightening Shampoo & Conditioning Styling On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Haircare Products for each application, including Men Women  For any Enquiry or special requirement related to  Haircare Products  you can write us @  https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1340451-global-haircare-products-market-research-report-2017 Table of Content Global Haircare Products Market Research Report 2017 1 Haircare Products Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Haircare Products 1.2 Haircare Products Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Haircare Products Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Haircare Products Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Coloring 1.2.4 Perming & Straightening 1.2.5 Shampoo & Conditioning 1.2.6 Styling 1.3 Global Haircare Products Segment by Application 1.3.1 Haircare Products Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Men 1.3.3 Women 1.4 Global Haircare Products Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Haircare Products Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Haircare Products (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Haircare Products Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Haircare Products Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 2 Global Haircare Products Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1 Global Haircare Products Capacity, Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.1 Global Haircare Products Capacity and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.2 Global Haircare Products Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.2 Global Haircare Products Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.3 Global Haircare Products Average Price by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.4 Manufacturers Haircare Products Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area and Product Type 2.5 Haircare Products Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 Haircare Products Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 Haircare Products Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion 3 Global Haircare Products Capacity, Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2012-2017)  3.1 Global Haircare Products Capacity and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.2 Global Haircare Products Production and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.3 Global Haircare Products Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.4 Global Haircare Products Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.5 North America Haircare Products Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.6 Europe Haircare Products Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.7 China Haircare Products Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.8 Japan Haircare Products Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.9 Southeast Asia Haircare Products Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.10 India Haircare Products Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 4 Global Haircare Products Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Region (2012-2017) 4.1 Global Haircare Products Consumption by Region (2012-2017) 4.2 North America Haircare Products Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.3 Europe Haircare Products Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.4 China Haircare Products Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.5 Japan Haircare Products Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.6 Southeast Asia Haircare Products Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.7 India Haircare Products Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 5 Global Haircare Products Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type 5.1 Global Haircare Products Production and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.2 Global Haircare Products Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.3 Global Haircare Products Price by Type (2012-2017) 5.4 Global Haircare Products Production Growth by Type (2012-2017)  Continued……………. For discount check @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/check-discount/1340451-global-haircare-products-market-research-report-2017 Subscribe Our Youtube Channel @Https://Www.Youtube.Com/Channel/Ucegrh5nnb7c6vg4cgpuzbpw   CONTACT US: NORAH TRENT Partner Relations & Marketing Manager sales@wiseguyreports.com www.wiseguyreports.com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK)                           CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsBusiness, Embolectomy procedure, Global 1, Haircare Products industry, Haircare Products manufacturing, Haircare Products Market analysis, Haircare Products Market application, Haircare Products Market enterprise, Haircare Products Market growth, Haircare Products Market prospects, Haircare Products Market segmentation, Haircare Products Market sharing, Haircare ProductsMarket trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious ZTE подписывает с Telenet соглашение о стратегическом партнёрстве в сферах 5G и IoT Next PostNext Cardio Fitness Equipments Market Professional Survey Report 2017 Analysis and Forecasts to 2022 Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Nikhil Asia-Pacific Textile Reactive Softeners Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 MarketResearchNest.com adds “Asia-Pacific Textile Reactive Softeners Market Report 2017” new report to its research database. The report spread across 109 pages with table and figures in it.   Geographically, this report split Asia-Pacific into several key Regions, with sales (K MT), revenue (Million USD), market share and growth rate of Textile Reactive Softeners for these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), including China Japan South Korea Taiwan India Southeast Asia Australia Asia-Pacific Textile Reactive Softeners market competition by top manufacturers/players, with Textile Reactive Softeners sales volume, price, revenue (Million USD) and market share for each manufacturer/player; the top players including Procter & Gamble Colgate-Palmolive Company Hindustan Unilever Limited Henkel AG & Co. KGaA Reckitt Benckiser Group plc Wacker Chemie Momentive Church & Dwight Co., Inc Lion Corporation                 Browse full table of contents and data tables at https://www.marketresearchnest.com/asia-pacific-textile-reactive-softeners-market-report-2017.html   On the basis of product, this report displays the sales volume (K MT), revenue (Million USD), product price (USD/MT), market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Cationic Softeners Anionic Softeners Non-ionic Softeners On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume (K MT), market share and growth rate of Textile Reactive Softeners for each application, includin Polyester Fabrics Cotton Fabrics Woolen Fabrics   Order a Purchase Report Copy at https://www.marketresearchnest.com/purchase.php?reportid=214262   Major Points in Table of content   List of Tables and Figures   Figure Product Picture of Textile Reactive Softeners Figure Asia-Pacific Textile Reactive Softeners Sales Volume (K Units) by Type (2012-2022) Figure Asia-Pacific Textile Reactive Softeners Sales Volume Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 Figure Pre Cure Product Picture Figure Mold Cure Product Picture Figure Asia-Pacific Textile Reactive Softeners Sales (K Units) by Application (2012-2022) Figure Asia-Pacific Sales Market Share of Textile Reactive Softeners by Application in 2016 Figure Passenger Cars Examples Figure Light Commercial Vehicles Examples Figure Heavy Commercial Vehicles Examples Figure Asia-Pacific Textile Reactive Softeners Market Size (Million USD) by Region (2012-2022) Figure China Textile Reactive Softeners Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure Japan Textile Reactive Softeners Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure South Korea Textile Reactive Softeners Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure Taiwan Textile Reactive Softeners Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure India Textile Reactive Softeners Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure Southeast Asia Textile Reactive Softeners Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure Australia Textile Reactive Softeners Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure Asia-Pacific Textile Reactive Softeners Sales Volume (K Units) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure Asia-Pacific Textile Reactive Softeners Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure Asia-Pacific Textile Reactive Softeners Market Major Players Product Sales Volume (K Units)(2012-2017) Table Asia-Pacific Textile Reactive Softeners Sales (K Units) of Key Players/Suppliers (2012-2017) Table Asia-Pacific Textile Reactive Softeners Sales Share by Players/Suppliers (2012-2017) Figure 2016 Asia-Pacific Textile Reactive Softeners Sales Share by Players/Suppliers Figure 2017 Asia-Pacific Textile Reactive Softeners Sales Share by Players/Suppliers Figure Asia-Pacific Textile Reactive Softeners Market Major Players Product Revenue (Million USD) 2012-2017 Table Asia-Pacific Textile Reactive Softeners Revenue (Million USD) by Players/Suppliers (2012-2017) Table Asia-Pacific Textile Reactive Softeners Revenue Share by Players/Suppliers (2012-2017) Figure 2016 Asia-Pacific Textile Reactive Softeners Revenue Share by Players Figure 2017 Asia-Pacific Textile Reactive Softeners Revenue Share by Players Table Asia-Pacific Textile Reactive Softeners Sales and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) Table Asia-Pacific Textile Reactive Softeners Sales Share by Type (2012-2017) Figure Sales Market Share of Textile Reactive Softeners by Type (2012-2017) Figure Asia-Pacific Textile Reactive Softeners Sales Growth Rate by Type (2012-2017) Table Asia-Pacific Textile Reactive Softeners Revenue (Million USD) and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) Table Asia-Pacific Textile Reactive Softeners Revenue Share by Type (2012-2017) Figure Revenue Market Share of Textile Reactive Softeners by Type (2012-2017) Figure Asia-Pacific Textile Reactive Softeners Revenue Growth Rate by Type (2012-2017) Table Asia-Pacific Textile Reactive Softeners Sales Volume (K Units) and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) Table Asia-Pacific Textile Reactive Softeners Sales Share by Region (2012-2017) Figure Sales Market Share of Textile Reactive Softeners by Region (2012-2017) Figure Asia-Pacific Textile Reactive Softeners Sales Market Share by Region in 2016 Table Asia-Pacific Textile Reactive Softeners Revenue (Million USD) and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) Table Asia-Pacific Textile Reactive Softeners Revenue Share (%) by Region (2012-2017) Figure Revenue Market Share of Textile Reactive Softeners by Region (2012-2017) Figure Asia-Pacific Textile Reactive Softeners Revenue Market Share by Region in 2016 Table Asia-Pacific Textile Reactive Softeners Sales Volume (K Units) and Market Share by Application (2012-2017) Table Asia-Pacific Textile Reactive Softeners Sales Share (%) by Application (2012-2017) Figure Asia-Pacific Textile Reactive Softeners Sales Market Share by Application (2012-2017) Figure Asia-Pacific Textile Reactive Softeners Sales Market Share by Application (2012-2017) Figure China Textile Reactive Softeners Sales (K Units) and Growth Rate (2012-2017) Figure China Textile Reactive Softeners Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2017) Figure China Textile Reactive Softeners Sales Price (USD/Unit) Trend (2012-2017) Table China Textile Reactive Softeners Sales Volume (K Units) by Type (2012-2017) Table China Textile Reactive Softeners Sales Volume Market Share by Type (2012-2017) Figure China Textile Reactive Softeners Sales Volume Market Share by Type in 2016 Table China Textile Reactive Softeners Sales Volume (K Units) by Applications (2012-2017) Table China Textile Reactive Softeners Sales Volume Market Share by Application (2012-2017) Figure China Textile Reactive Softeners Sales Volume Market Share by Application in 2016   Request a sample copy at  https://www.marketresearchnest.com/requestsample.php?reportid=214262   About Us:            MarketResearchNest.com is the most comprehensive collection of market research products and service Textile Reactive Softeners on the Web. We offer reports from almost all top publishers and update our collection on daily basis to provide you with instant online access to the world’s most complete and recent database of expert insights on global industries, organizations, products, and trends.   Contact Us          Mr. Jeet Jain Sales Manager sales@marketresearchnest.com +1-240-284-8070 Connect with us:  Google+ | LinkedIn | Twitter | Facebook CategoriesGoogle News TagsChemical and Advanced Materials, Textile Reactive Softeners, Textile Reactive Softeners Analysis, Textile Reactive Softeners Growth, Textile Reactive Softeners Industry, Textile Reactive Softeners Industry Trends, Textile Reactive Softeners Market, Textile Reactive Softeners Share, Textile Reactive Softeners Size, Textile Reactive Softeners Trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Blaze Fast-Fire’d Pizza Opens in Worthington Today, Celebrates With Free Pizza Day Tomorrow Next PostNext American Leisure Holdings, Inc.’s GG Media Network Enters Negotiations with Hollywood Riviera for Equity Swap to Include Participation Stake in $4.5 Million in Annual Revenues Search Recent Posts Chimney Caps Market, Share, Trends and Analysis, Growth and Forecast 2017 – 2022 Homeland Security and Public Safety Market Will go Through a Growth Period, Surpassing $500 Billion by 2021 Toxic Nonstick Chemicals Contaminate Drinking Water for 15 Million Americans Microdisplay 2017 Global Market Expected to Grow at CAGR 23.7% and Forecast to 2021 Former Secretary of the Air Force, Deborah Lee James, Appointed to Special Advisory Role at Bain & Company RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
South Africa   Madagascar   Malawi   Mali   Mauritius   Morocco   Mozambique   Namibia   Niger   Nigeria   Rwanda   Senegal   Seychelles   Sierra Leone   Somalia   South Africa   South Sudan   Sudan   Swaziland   Tanzania   Togo   Tunisia   Uganda   Zambia   Zimbabwe Africa North Africa West Africa East Africa Central Africa Southern Africa International   Algeria   Angola   Benin   Botswana   Burkina Faso   Burundi   Cameroon   Chad   Cote D'Ivoire   DR Congo   Egypt   Ethiopia   Ghana   Guinea   Kenya   Lesotho   LibyaMarketing & MediaMarketing & MediaResearch All industries Marketing & Media South Africa Marketing & Media Africa International Agriculture, Horticulture & Forestry Automotive Building & Construction CSI & Sustainability Education & Training Energy & Mining Finance & Insurance Healthcare Human Resources & Recruitment IT & Telecommunications Legal Lifestyle & Entertainment Logistics & Transport Manufacturing Property & Real Estate Retail Tourism, Travel & Hospitality Advertising Branding Cinema CRM CSI Design Digital Direct Marketing Education & Training Entrepreneurship Events & Conferencing Exhibitions Magazines Marketing Media Mobile New Campaigns Newspapers Online Media Out of Home PR & Communications Printing Production Promotions Publishing Radio Recruitment Research Retail Sales Social Media Sponsorship TV Youth Marketing All Articles Companies Events Galleries Jobs People Rate Card Submit Contact Africa All industries Agriculture Automotive Building CSI & Sustainability Education Energy & Mining Finance Healthcare HR ICT Legal Lifestyle Logistics & Transport Manufacturing Marketing & Media Property Retail Tourism Africa North Africa West Africa East Africa Central Africa Southern Africa   Algeria   Angola   Benin   Botswana   Burkina Faso   Burundi   Cameroon   Chad   Cote D'Ivoire   DR Congo   Egypt   Ethiopia   Ghana   Guinea   Kenya   Lesotho   Libya   Madagascar   Malawi   Mali   Mauritius   Morocco   Mozambique   Namibia   Niger   Nigeria   Rwanda   Senegal   Seychelles   Sierra Leone   Somalia   South Africa   South Sudan   Sudan   Swaziland   Tanzania   Togo   Tunisia   Uganda   Zambia   Zimbabwe International Agriculture Automotive Building CSI & Sustainability Education Energy & Mining Finance Healthcare HR ICT Legal Lifestyle Logistics & Transport Manufacturing Marketing & Media Property Retail Tourism All Agriculture Agri Tech Agribusiness Agro-processing Aquaculture Commercial Fishing Commodities & Fairtrade Fertilisers & GMOs Food Security Forestry Horticulture Sustainability Trends Urban Agriculture All Automotive Maintenance & Safety Manufacturing & Parts Motorcycles Motoring Reviews Motorsport Petrochemical Retail & Rental Trends All Building Architecture & Design Building Materials & Equipment Construction & Engineering Property Development Smart Buildings & Cities Sustainable Development Trends Utilities All CSI & Sustainability Circular Economy Climate Change Education & Training Environment & Natural Resources Food, Water & Energy Security Health & Welfare Inclusion & Equality Infrastructure and Technology Pollution & Waste Management Sustainability Month Trends All Education Distance Learning E-learning Higher Education Primary & Secondary Education Skills Training Trends All Energy & Mining Energy Markets & Investment Mining Nuclear Power Renewables & Energy Efficiency Science & Engineering Trends All Finance Accounting & Auditing Banking Budget Speech Education & Training Financial Services Fintech Insurance & Actuarial Markets & Investment Taxation & Regulation Trends Venture Capital All Healthcare Aesthetic Medicine Cardiology Chronic Diseases CSI Dentistry Disease Groups Ear, Nose & Throat Emergency Procedures Ethical Medicines Exercise Science Exhibitions & Events Financial Services Food Crisis Gastroenterology Generic Medicines HIV/AIDS Hospital Groups Infectious Diseases Malaria Medical Aid Medical Research Medical Technology Mental health Neurology NPO Nutrition Obstetrics & Gynaecology Oncology Ophthalmology Orthopaedics Paediatrics Palliative care Pharmaceutical Companies Pharmaceuticals Public Health Sports Science Surgical Equipment & Products Surgical Procedures Trends Tuberculosis Women's Health All HR Entrepreneurship HR Tools & Software Labour Law & Unions Management Skills Development & Training Talent Acquisition Trends All ICT App and website development Cloud Computing Cyber Security Data Management Hardware Internet Network Services Software Tech Startups Technology Telecommunications Trends All Legal Competition Law Corporate & Commercial Law Criminal Law Cyber Law Environmental Law Immigration & Citizenship Law Labour Law Land & Property Law Law of Succession Law Practice Legislation Media & Entertainment Law Medical Law Public Liability Tax Law Trends All Lifestyle Art Events Fashion Food & Wine Movies Music Sport Theatre Travel Trends Wellness Win All Logistics & Transport Aviation Cargo & Storage Distribution Fleet Management Public Transport Railway Shipping Supply Chain Transport Trends Warehousing All Manufacturing Industrial automation Machinery Manufacturing Trends All Marketing & Media Advertising Branding Cinema CRM CSI Design Digital Direct Marketing Education Entrepreneurship Events & Conferencing Exhibitions Magazines Marketing Media Mobile New Campaigns Newspapers Online Media OOH PR & Communications Printing Production Promotions Publishing Radio Recruitment Research Retail Sales Social Media Sponsorship TV Youth Marketing In the news Enquire about a company press office All Property Commercial Property Industrial Property Market & Investments Property Management Rental Residential Trends All Retail Banking & Finance CGF Global Summit Cold Chain Commercial Property CRM CSI E-commerce eCommerce Awards Exhibitions & Events Fashion, Clothing & Textiles FMCG Franchising Green Sustainability Health & Safety Hospitality Import/Export In-store Media Informal Retailing Manufacturing Merchandising Packaging Refrigeration Regulatory Research Retail Marketing Retail Services Retailers Sales Security Shopfitting Supply Chain Technology Training Trends All Tourism Accommodation Air Travel Catering Food Services Hospitality MICE Restaurant Supply Tourism Tourism & Travel Campaigns Tours Travel Trends Research News Menu News MyBiz Press offices Jobs Events Contributors People directory Companies Multimedia News My Biz Press offices Jobs Events Contributors People Companies Multimedia News Company news In briefs New appointments New business Newsletter archive Most read articles Submit news My newsfeed My profile Edit my profile My CV My favourites My portfolio/showcase My followers Following people Press office news Press offices Press office listings Press office info My press office Open a Biz Press Office Jobs offered Jobs wanted My saved jobs My CV Recruiters Companies recruiting Submit a job advert Recruitment login Submit a job Industry events Workshops Other Calendar Submit event Articles Contributors A-Z Contribute Find people People you may know Invite people Edit my profile Company listings Associations My company Press office companies Get a company listing Video Audio Galleries Images Submit your media News Company news In briefs New appointments New business Latest newsletter Most read Subscribe to industry newsletters Top stories #CannesLions: "What the fu©k are we doing, man?"Juanita Pienaar Kantar Millward Brown announces South Africa's Top 20 Best Liked Ads of 2016 Halo: Proof that seven human years = one agency yearLeigh Andrews Breaking rules takes you from underdog to industry-threatDouglas Kruger Advancing PET recycling: Petco award winners announced #Infographic: Rich media in email campaigns - challenges and their workarounds #WNC17: Highlights from Day 1 #CannesLions: Mapping the importance of multi-channel marketingLeigh Andrews #WNC17: Turkish journalist Can Dündar receives the Golden Pen Award Standard Bank grows its support for entrepreneurial women Algoa FM - first radio station in Africa to lead with innovative OB technology From radio star to soapie darling Social media analysis report on RSA protest actions - Part 2 Dell EMC forum Wan-Ifra calls on South Africa government to protect media freedom Is competitive gaming in South Africa a thing?Barry Louzada Four employees you want at your marketing agencyJessica Edgson Tourism Marketing Indaba 2017 - Tactics for engaging the modern traveller New editor appointed at Netwerk24 Celebrate supreme women on e.tvMore Top stories news...  Submit news Bizcommunity has over 400 industry contributors and we always welcome further contributions and contributors. Submit news Admap Prize 2017 winners announced 5 Jun 2017 | Save | Email | Print |  PDF    Issued by: Kantar TNS How should TV and social media be used to maximum effect? Kyle Findlay of Kantar TNS South Africa wins silver for his paper, “Four tips for using TV with social” Kyle FindlayThe winners of WARC’s annual global Admap Prize 2017, an essay contest that encourages and rewards individual excellence in strategic thinking in brand communications, are revealed. Based on the topic ‘How Should TV and Social Media Be Used to Maximum Effect?’ entrants were asked to address the current re-evaluation by many brands on how traditional media and new media fit together in the marketing landscape. Colin Grimshaw, editor of Admap, organiser of the prize says: “We are delighted with the response to this year’s Admap contest, now in its sixth year. We were impressed by the volume and quality of the essays submitted based on the topic motivated by P&G’s famous declaration last year of an about-face in its marketing strategy, which has prompted many brands into re-thinking their ad budgets.” Mandy Pooler, chief marketing officer for Kantar, sponsor of the Admap Prize, comments: “It is established that multichannel campaigns are more effective than single-channel, yet how brands marry TV and social continues to be a challenge. Knowledge of exactly how people consume media and subsequently act is key to the solution.” Judged by a panel of the industry’s foremost thought leaders, seven winning authors were selected offering widely different solutions. Commenting on this year’s essays, judge Gemma Craven, SVP, Director Social & Mobile of McCann New York says: “The Admap Prize topic is one of the primary challenges facing our industry today. The essays were thought-provoking, diverse and very well researched. There were different opinions on how TV and social should work together, but the clear message was that we spend much time on short-term, knee-jerk approaches to creating buzz and much less time on building long-term success via well-structured programmes.” Winning Gold and a $5,000 prize cheque, Thomas Henry, Senior Strategist at Mother New York, USA, in his top award-winning essay titled ‘Why we’re all wasting our time’, comes down forcefully on the side of TV over social for long-term brand growth. Admap Prize judge Jason Burby, President of Americas at Possible says: “Whether you believe that TV is the core and future of all marketing, the Gold Award-winning essay tells a compelling story about marketers over-focusing on short-term wins at the expense of considering long-term brand growth. It reminds us that no matter the channel, we as marketers must be focusing on the long-term impact, and that a combination of TV and digital channels leads to improved performance and impact.” The six other winners of the Admap Prize 2017 are: Silver Award: Kyle Findlay of Kantar Innovation, South Africa, for ‘Holistic strategies require a bird’s eye view’ Bronze Award: Matthew Turner, United Kingdom, for ‘Social is the solution to marketing’s esprit de l’escalier moments’ Bronze Award: Charlie Ebdy of Vizeum, United Kingdom, for ‘Screen Wipe: Why social media is slowly killing TV and how it could help transform advertising for the better’ Three Judges’ Commended Awards are awarded to: Gareth Price of The Social Partners, United Kingdom, for ‘Bridging the gap between activation and fame’; Jon Reay of e3 Media, United Kingdom, for ‘Standalone TV ads are nothing than creative indulgence’; and Satish Pai, India, for ‘The tipping points’. The winners will be presented with their awards at an Admap event in Cannes on Wednesday, 21 June, during which members of the Admap jury and senior industry experts will discuss burning issues around the marriage of TV and social and debate over short-term and long-term marketing strategy, To attend this free event, register here. All award-winning essays are published in the June edition of Admap magazine and on warc.com. About Admap Prize The Admap Prize is an essay contest that encourages and rewards individual excellence in strategic thinking in brand communications. Essays are judged by a panel of the industry's foremost thought leaders. The Admap Prize is a unique opportunity for entrants to get recognition for the quality of their strategic ideas. Essays for the Admap Prize need to be rooted in practical application to marketing challenges/opportunities, and address a specific marketing category. The Admap Prize is free to enter, with a $5,000 cash prize to the author of the Gold-awarded essay. About WARC – Advertising evidence, insights and best practice WARC.com is an online service offering advertising best practice, evidence and insights from the world’s leading brands. WARC helps clients grow their businesses by using proven approaches to maximise advertising effectiveness. WARC’s clients include the world’s largest advertising and media agencies, research companies, universities and advertisers. WARC hosts four global and two regional case study competitions: WARC Awards, WARC Innovation Awards, WARC Media Awards, The Admap Prize, WARC Prize for Asian Strategy and WARC Prize for MENA Strategy. WARC also publishes leading journals including Admap, Market Leader, the Journal of Advertising Research and the International Journal of the Market Research Society. In addition to its own content, WARC features advertising case studies and best practices from more than 50 respected industry sources, including: ARF, Effies, Cannes Lions, ESOMAR and IPA. Founded in 1985, WARC is privately owned and has offices in the UK, US and Singapore. ‹    Like Save Email Print PDF Kantar TNS's press office Admap Prize 2017 winners announced 5 Jun 2017 The moment... you can have your beer and drink it too 23 May 2017 Ad enhancement, not interruption: Capturing the moment 6 Apr 2017 Building better brand experiences in the touchpoint revolution 23 Nov 2016 Kantar launches Kantar Public to serve government and public sector clients 8 Nov 2016 Kantar TNSKantar TNS is one of the world's largest research agencies; we have more conversations with consumers than anyone else. With offices in over 80 countries and the strongest fast-growth market presence in the industry, we understand individual human behaviours and attitudes across every cultural, economic and political region of the world. Profile | News | Contact | Twitter | RSS Feed Comment on thisComment Comment guidelines and disclaimer LEGAL DISCLAIMER: This Message Board accepts no liability of legal consequences that arise from the Message Boards (e.g. defamation, slander, or other such crimes). All posted messages are the sole property of their respective authors. The maintainer does retain the right to remove any message posts for whatever reasons. People that post messages to this forum are not to libel/slander nor in any other way depict a company, entity, individual(s), or service in a false light; should they do so, the legal consequences are theirs alone. Bizcommunity.com will disclose authors' IP addresses to authorities if compelled to do so by a court of law. Related Is competitive gaming in South Africa a thing? By Barry Louzada #CannesLions: "What the fu©k are we doing, man?" By Juanita Pienaar Breaking rules takes you from underdog to industry-threat By Douglas Kruger Social media analysis report on RSA protest actions - Part 2 Issued by Praesignis News Show more Subscribe Receive free email newsletter Make us your homepage Add us to your favorites RSS feed Get biz on your phone Follow us Invite Tell a friend about us News Articles News by industry Company news Cartoons Events In briefs Galleries Newsletter archive Ornico ad showcase Reviews Trends Community Companies Contributors Portfolio showcases Forums Jobs Jokes Noticeboards People Polls Social media Submit News Company Job ad Op-ed contribution Portfolio showcase New business New appointment Event listing Gallery Noticeboard MyBiz Account Home My company listing My job ads My newsfeed MyBiz CV MyBiz Favourites MyBiz Profile Subscribe to news My newsletters Customise newsletters Advertise Product overview Website Newsletters Press offices Recruitment Special products Download ratecard Contact us Bizcommunity About us Contact us Send us news Our Biz Press Office Follow us Feedback Join us ADSL & Web hosting proudly provided by Afrihost. All rights reserved. Copyright © 2017. Bizcommunity.com, its sponsors, contributors and advertisers disclaim all liability for any loss, damage, injury or expense that might arise from the use of, or reliance upon, the services contained herein. Privacy policy, Terms of Use, PAIA.
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Global Sphingolipids Market Report - Manufacturers Business Overview from 2017 to 2022 ReportsWeb.com has announced the addition of the Global Sphingolipids Market Research Report 2017   ReportsWeb (EMAILWIRE.COM, June 05, 2017 ) Global Sphingolipids market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including CLR Berlin Evonik Industries AG Bruker Calgon Company Unilever Patent Holdings B.V. Stepan Compan The Procter & Gamble Company ... Request a Sample at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001818192/sample . Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD) , market share and growth rate of Sphingolipids in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast) , covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Browse Complete Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/global-sphingolipids-market-research-report-2017 . On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Reagent Grade Food Grade Chemical Grade Other On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales) , market share and growth rate of Sphingolipids for each application, including Skin Care Hair Care Other Get discount on report purchase at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001818192/discount . Key Point from Table of Contents: 1 Sphingolipids Market Overview 2 Global Sphingolipids Market Competition by Manufacturers 3 Global Sphingolipids Capacity, Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2012-2017) 4 Global Sphingolipids Supply (Production) , Consumption, Export, Import by Region (2012-2017) 5 Global Sphingolipids Production, Revenue (Value) , Price Trend by Type 6 Global Sphingolipids Market Analysis by Application 7 Global Sphingolipids Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 CLR Berlin 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Sphingolipids Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 CLR Berlin Sphingolipids Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Evonik Industries AG 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Sphingolipids Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 Evonik Industries AG Sphingolipids Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 Bruker 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Sphingolipids Product Category, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 Bruker Sphingolipids Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 8 Sphingolipids Manufacturing Cost Analysis 9 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 10 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 11 Market Effect Factors Analysis 12 Global Sphingolipids Market Forecast (2017-2022) 13 Research Findings and Conclusion Purchase Complete Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/buy&RW0001818192/buy/2900 . Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: 1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Just In 30mins Black Panther to reappear in ‘Avengers: Infinity War’ 44mins ‘Justice League’ to feature General Antiope from ‘Wonder Woman’ 1hr Modi, Kazakh President discuss ways to expand ties 1hr Sushma Swaraj outwits Twitter user who sought help ‘from Mars’ 1hr Around 200 three-star, four-star bars in Kerala set to reopen 2hrs Bopanna lifts maiden Grand Slam title by winning French Open mixed doubles 2hrs Recipients of India’s first uterine transplants discharged successfully 2hrs French Open 2017: Women’s semifinal to take centrestage today 3hrs What does Shanghai Cooperation Organisation membership mean for India? 3hrs French Open men's semifinals - facts and figures 3hrs Kosovo IS commander killed, police and family say 3hrs Brett Lee backs India to lift Champions Trophy 3hrs Norway Supreme Court will not examine mass murderer Breivik’s human rights appeal 4hrs Champions Trophy 2017: New Zealand, Bangladesh face off in must-win game 4hrs Al Shabaab takes over Somali town, claims killing 61 in military base attack Home News National International States Cities Opinion Cartoon Columns Editorial Interview Lead Readers' Editor Comment Open Page Letters Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Stock Quotes Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Athletics Motorsport Races Other Sports Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Sci-Tech Science Technology Health Agriculture Environment Gadgets Internet thREAD Priya Anand talks about her return to the silver screen Share On JUST IN 30mins Black Panther to reappear in ‘Avengers: Infinity War’ 44mins ‘Justice League’ to feature General Antiope from ‘Wonder Woman’ 1hr Modi, Kazakh President discuss ways to expand ties 1hr Sushma Swaraj outwits Twitter user who sought help ‘from Mars’ 1hr Around 200 three-star, four-star bars in Kerala set to reopen 2hrs Bopanna lifts maiden Grand Slam title by winning French Open mixed doubles 2hrs Recipients of India’s first uterine transplants discharged successfully 2hrs French Open 2017: Women’s semifinal to take centrestage today 3hrs What does Shanghai Cooperation Organisation membership mean for India? 3hrs French Open men's semifinals - facts and figures 3hrs Kosovo IS commander killed, police and family say 3hrs Brett Lee backs India to lift Champions Trophy 3hrs Norway Supreme Court will not examine mass murderer Breivik’s human rights appeal 4hrs Champions Trophy 2017: New Zealand, Bangladesh face off in must-win game 4hrs Al Shabaab takes over Somali town, claims killing 61 in military base attack CLOSE Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Chennai Silks fire: The story till now Entertainment Movies Movies Priya Anand talks about her return to the silver screen Lavanya Narayanan Abhinaya Natesh June 05, 2017 12:14 IST Updated: June 05, 2017 13:02 IST Share Article PRINT A A A Actor Priya Anand   | Photo Credit: Special Arrangement Lavanya Narayanan Abhinaya Natesh June 05, 2017 12:14 IST Updated: June 05, 2017 13:02 IST more-in I’m the master of my life, says actor Priya Anand It’s been a while since we saw Kollywood’s favourite cosmopolitan heroine on screen. Be it the simple-minded Geetha Miss of Ethir Neechal, the effervescent livewire Radha who gets aunt Sridevi to open up in Gauri Shinde’s English Vinglish, or the lovable Priya of Vai Raja Vai, she’s been the go-to girl-next-door. We catch up with her as she becomes the Shiksha Superhero for P&G’s Shiksha initiative, and chats about education, films and what lies ahead: We’ve missed seeing you in Tamil films lately. Why the break? I’ve always been choosy about roles, especially making sure that my character is strong, independent and educated. I am happy that the audience has been warm and welcoming, and I am fortunate to have been able to make films in five languages. Eventually, I would like to take it slow and leave a legacy. You’ve just made your debut in Malayalam films with Ezra. Tell us about that experience. I love the Malayalam film industry. There’s so much respect from both audience and the filmmakers for your craft as an actor. I was intimidated at first: I didn’t want to be labelled as the girl who can’t act. But it’s been an exciting ride. With no prior knowledge of Malayalam, the language barrier was definitely challenging, but it’s been very satisfying to work in an industry where they are open to experimentation. How much does your personality affect the kind of roles you choose? As someone who is the master of her own life, I’m very clear that the characters I play should convey the same spirit. Any plans to direct or produce films in future? Currently, no. As someone who’s seen what goes on, on the other side of the camera, I can’t imagine doing it. The process definitely gives me a new-found respect for the people behind the scenes, but for now, I am happy being in front of the camera. You were also the ambassador of ‘Save the Children’ campaign... While adults can always find opportunities to make their lives better, children do not have that luxury. I was lucky to have loving parents, and for the kids that don’t, I want to make sure they know they are loved. Post a Comment More In Movies Tamil cinema Related Articles << Previous Story Whatever we get free, we don’t value, says Manisha Koirala Next Story >> Economics always seems to interfere with art, says Nandita Das Please Wait while comments are loading... Comments will be moderated by The Hindu editorial team. Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters, or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text. (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). We may remove hyperlinks within comments. Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Printable version | Jun 8, 2017 7:21:46 PM | http://www.thehindu.com/entertainment/movies/priya-anand-talks-about-her-return-to-the-silver-screen/article18721903.ece © The Hindu Baywatch in Telugu: Reading between the lines Baywatch’s Telugu version is amusing for many reasons other than the plot Srivathsan Nadadhur Top Picks in The Hindu today Recipients of India’s first uterine transplants discharged successfully Women’s semifinal to take centrestage today 'Even if you are stuck on the Mars, Indian Embassy there will help you' Indian-American among 12 new astronauts chosen by NASA French Open men's semifinals - facts and figures A 'fishy' cure for asthma What ails education in Bihar? UK elections: What you need to know Textbook draws flak over short skirt ‘metaphor’ Virat Kohli sole Indian in Forbes list of highest paid athletes Close X Next Story >> Economics always seems to interfere with art, says Nandita Das CLOSE THIS MENU TRENDING TODAY Chennai Hyderabad Bengaluru Videos Entertainment Today's Paper ePaper News National International Elections Goa 2017 Uttar Pradesh 2017 Uttarakhand 2017 Punjab 2017 Manipur 2017 Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget States Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other States Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Opinion Editorial Lead Comment Columns Interview Cartoon Open Page Readers' Editor Letters Sport Athletics Cricket Football Hockey Motorsport Other Sports Races Tennis Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Children Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Technology Gadgets Internet Sci-Tech Agriculture Environment Health Education Careers Colleges Schools Multimedia Photos Videos Podcast Data Specials Crossword Resources Tags thREAD Archive Classifieds eBooks Subscribe Social About Us CONNECT WITH US CLOSE THIS MENU Home News Opinion Business Sport Entertainment Life & Style Society Books Sci-Tech thREAD THE SITE About Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contacts Archive Subscribe GROUP SITES The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre RoofandFloor STEP Young World Club Publications eBooks Images Classifieds Send your feedback to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.inCopyright© 2017, The Hindu
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS News LATEST NEWS Sebi directs URO Group firms to refund investors' money GST opportunity buoys Bodhtree stock but is it still worth a buy? ETMarkets Evening Podcast: How will markets react to major global events? ZEEL buys balance 49% in India Webportal for Rs 197 crore European Central Bank sticks with economic stimulus Tech View: Nifty50 forms small bearish pattern, time to book profit FIIs still looking for ideas to invest in India: Gautam Chhaochharia, UBS HFCs continue to be most stable in financial sector: Krishnan Sitaraman, CRISIL Ratings Tata Steel, ICICI Bank among 20 most active stocks Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Markets Stocks IPOs/FPOs Markets Data Market Moguls Expert View Technicals Technical ChartVisualizeScreener Commodities ViewsNews Precious MetalsGold Petal DelhiGold PetalSilver MicroGold MGoldSilver MSilverGold GuineaSilver 1000OthersMentha Oil Oil & EnergyCrude Oil MiniBrent Crude OilNatural GasCrude OilOil Seeds & OilsCrude Palm OilRBD PalmoleinCastor seedSpicesCardamomPlantationCotton Base MetalsLead MiniNickel MiniLeadAluminiumAluminium MiniNickelCopper MiniCopperZinc MiniZinc Forex Mobile Apps ET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone App More BondsStock GameChartMantra Technicals Trading GameWebinarsSitemapDefinitions NewsLive BlogTrendsRecosEarningsETMarkets PodcastMarket PaathshalaAnnouncementsPolicyMarket CalendarStock Price Quotes ET Home›Markets›Stocks›News 04:05 PM | 08 Junmarket stats SENSEX 31,213-57.92 NIFTY 50 9,647-16.65 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 29,267-173.00 USD/INR 64.21-0.12 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW 0Comments Market now: Britannia, Emami among top gainers in FMCG stocks; ITC down ETMarkets.com| Updated: Jun 05, 2017, 11.27 AM IST READ MORE ON » Videocon IndustriesVideoconUrja GlobalUnited Breweries Ltdstocksshekhawati polyShares Nifty and BSE were trading up today. Company Summary NSE BSE Videocon Industries Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK EXPAND ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Videocon Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK EXPAND ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Urja Global Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK EXPAND ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES United Breweries Ltd Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK EXPAND ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES shekhawati poly Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK EXPAND ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES procter & gamble hyg... Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK EXPAND ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Jubilant FoodWorks L... Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK EXPAND ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES ITC Ltd Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK EXPAND ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES ICICI bank Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK EXPAND ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Hindalco Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK EXPAND ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Godrej Consumer Prod... Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK EXPAND ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Glaxosmithkline Cons... Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK EXPAND ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Britannia Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK EXPAND ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Balaji telefilms Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK EXPAND ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Ashok Leyland Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK EXPAND ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES United Breweries Ltdshekhawati polyprocter & gamble hygiene & healthcare ltdJubilant FoodWorks LtdITC LtdICICI bankHindalcoGodrej Consumer Products LtdGlaxosmithkline Consumer Healthcare LtdBritanniaBalaji telefilmsAshok Leyland EXPAND TO VIEW ALL The NSE Nifty FMCG was trading 0.21 per cent down at 26346.4 around 10:29 AM (IST) on Monday. Shares of United Spirits Ltd. (up 4.82 ), United Breweries Ltd. (up 2.35 ), Britannia Industries Ltd. (up 1.88 ), Jubilant Foodworks Ltd. (up 1.42 ), Emami Ltd. (up 1.03 ) were among top gainers, while ITC Ltd. (down 1.17 ), Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Healthcare Ltd. (down 0.37 ), GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare Ltd. (down 0.02 ), Godrej Consumer Products Ltd. (down 0.02 ) and Marico Ltd. (down 0.40 ) were among top losers in the index at around the same time. Benchmark NSE Nifty50 index was up 13.45 points at 9666.95. Among the 51 stocks in Nifty index, 33 were trading in green, while 17 were in red. Shares of Titan Co., Vedanta Ltd, Ashok Leyland, ICICI Bank, Hindalco Inds. were among most traded securities on the National Stock Exchange on Monday. The BSE Sensex was up 5.42 points at 31278.71 at around the same time. Shares of Titan, Swelect Energy, Balaji Telefilms, V Mart Retail, MEP Infrastructure Developers Ltd. hit their fresh 52-week high in today's trade, while Shekhawati Poly, Urja Global, Nitin Fire Prot, Prakash Steel, Videocon Industries hit fresh 52-week low in trade. Traders were seen piling up positions in gems and jewellery, beverages, leather, consumer durables, retail sectors. However, selling were visible in transport, aquaculture, packaging and rubber sectors. READ MORE ON » Videocon IndustriesVideoconUrja GlobalUnited Breweries Ltdstocksshekhawati polyShares Comments Add Your Comments NEXT STORY Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebICC Champions Trophy Live Score|Narendra Modi in Russia Top 10 mutual funds|RERA Xiaomi Redmi 4 Review|BSE Sensex Gold rate today Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. 1Market now: Britannia, Emami among top gainers in FMCG stocks; ITC down Sebi directs URO Group firms to refund investors' money GST opportunity buoys Bodhtree stock but is it still worth a buy? ETMarkets Evening Podcast: How will markets react to major global events? ZEEL buys balance 49% in India Webportal for Rs 197 crore European Central Bank sticks with economic stimulus Tech View: Nifty50 forms small bearish pattern, time to book profit Tata Steel, ICICI Bank among 20 most active stocks Sensex, Nifty end marginally lower; GAIL top loser Dr Reddy's, Sun Pharma shine in lacklustre session Dear FM, rate cuts are killing jobs and you’re pushing for it! BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin. To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Loading Please wait...
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Hair and Body Mist Market 2016 Size, Trends, Growth, Analysis and Forecasts ReportsWeb.com published Hair and Body Mist Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, June 05, 2017 ) The global hair and body mist market will grow at a gradual rate over the forecast period. Although the market will be affected by a slowdown in demand in key countries like the US, Germany, the UK, France, Italy, Spain, and Japan as they near maturity, this will be offset by a strengthening of demand in developing countries such as Brazil, India, Malaysia, and China. The growth potential is higher in these emerging markets because of the increasing purchasing power of their growing middle-class population and high population density. More than one-and-a-half billion people in APAC will enter the middle-income class over the next ten years. Consumer purchasing power in the region is also increasing because of the rise in personal disposable income, which is growing at a rate much higher than that of developed countries. In 2015, personal annual disposable income increased by 7.01% in China and 8.61% in India, whereas it grew by 2.07% in Germany and 1.29% in France. Publisher's analysts forecast the global hair and body mist market to grow at a CAGR of 7.92% during the period 2016-2020. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-hair-and-body-mist-market-2016-2020 Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global hair and body mist market for 2016-2020. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the retail and salon sales of hair and body mist products to individual customers in the global market. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: - Americas - APAC - Europe - MEA Publisher's report, Global Hair and Body Mist Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors - Chanel - Estée Lauder - L Brands - L'Oréal - LVMH - Shiseido Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001386129/sample Other prominent vendors - Amway - Avon Products - Burberry - Cadiveu Professional USA - Chatters Canada - Combe - Conair - Coty - Edgewell Personal Care - Henkel - Godrej Consumer Products - Helen of Troy - Johnson & Johnson - Kao - Marchesa - Mary Kay - O Boticário - Procter & Gamble - Revlon - Tom's of Maine - Unilever - World Hair Cosmetics Market driver - Rise in demand for private-label and niche brands - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge - Global beauty brands losing shelf space in up-market department stores - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend - Increase in demand for hair perfumes as hair styling products - For a full, detailed list, view our report Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001386129/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Baby Laundry Detergent Market 2016 Size, Trends, Growth, Analysis and Forecasts ReportsWeb.com published Baby Laundry Detergent Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, June 05, 2017 ) Baby laundry detergent liquids accounted for the largest share of the market in 2015 and will continue to maintain their position during the forecast period. The rising penetration of washing machines in developing countries is one of the major drivers of the surge in demand for baby laundry detergent liquids. In terms of the sales of washing machines, the primary markets worldwide are China, India, the US, Brazil, and Indonesia. In 2014, nearly 78% of Chinese consumers had access to washing machines. Publisher's analysts forecast the global baby laundry detergent market to grow at a CAGR of 4.47% during the period 2016-2020. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-baby-laundry-detergent-market-2016-2020 Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global baby laundry detergent market for 2016-2020. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sales of liquid detergents, powder detergents, and tablet detergents. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: - Americas - APAC - EMEA Publisher's report, Global Baby Laundry Detergent Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors - Chicco - Church & Dwight - Henkel - Pigeon - P&G Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001386124/sample Other prominent vendors - Babyganics - Biokleen - Dapple - Earth's Best - Eco Sprout - Eco-Me - Grab Green - GreenShield Organic - Seventh Generation - Sonett - Tandi's Naturals - The Honest Company - Dropps - Earth Friendly Products Market driver - Launch of products suitable for baby skin - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge - Shorter shelf life of organic baby detergents - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend - Rise in sales of baby care products through online stores - For a full, detailed list, view our report Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001386124/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Latest News Dow 21,161 -12.65 -0.06% Nasdaq 6,285 -12.72 -0.20% S&P 500 2,430 -3.12 -0.13% 9:49 A.M. ET Updated Need an antidote to the Triple Threat? This unloved stock is poised for revival 9:48 A.M. ET James Comey testifies at blockbuster hearing in Senate: live blog and video 9:46 A.M. ET Updated U.S. jobless claims remain near lowest level in decades 9:40 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite turns negative after briefly setting an intraday record in morning trade 9:35 A.M. ET Alibaba's stock soars toward record price gain, adding over $41 billion to market cap 9:34 A.M. ET CCTV Shows Police Shooting London Bridge Attackers 9:34 A.M. ET Updated Euro retreats from 6-month high after ECB comments 9:34 A.M. ET Updated This city is helping its employees pay off their student loans 9:32 A.M. ET U.S. stocks open flat as investors look ahead to U.K. election, Comey testimony 9:32 A.M. ET S&P 500, Dow trade at break-even levels at the open, ahead of Comey testimony 9:31 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite touches intraday record at the open 6,311.89 9:30 A.M. ET Breaking Stock market opens slightly higher on jam-packed Thursday 9:30 A.M. ET Coastal and Cosmopolitan Valencia Attracts Expats 9:26 A.M. ET Pandora extends pre-closing period in KKR investment, exploring alternatives 9:25 A.M. ET ECB live blog recap: Mario Draghi takes ‘baby step’ toward cutting stimulus 9:21 A.M. ET Updated Comey’s juicy Trump account leaves some big questions unanswered 9:18 A.M. ET Draghi concludes ECB news conference 9:14 A.M. ET Updated Stock market set to open slightly higher as ‘Super Thursday’ gets under way 9:13 A.M. ET Updated Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring 9:12 A.M. ET Pandora shares up 2% in premarket after extending pre-closing period in KKR investment Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Global Nail Care Market 2017-2021 By Published: June 5, 2017 3:27 p.m. ET Share NEW YORK, June 5, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- About Nail Care The nail care market comprises different types of product like nail polishes, nail accessories and implements, nail polish removers, nail strengtheners, and nail polish accessories. The products are used by the consumers for beautifying their nails and for keeping their nails healthy. Nail polish is the largest selling nail care product in the market. Nail polish is a colored or transparent liquid, which is applied on the nails. It is available under various brands. This product is a value addition to the makeup section and helps to beautify nails. Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p03571289/Global-Nail-Care-Market.html Technavio's analysts forecast the global nail care market to grow at a CAGR of 3.74% during the period 2017-2021. Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global nail care market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the retail sales of nail care products included in our scope through a list of retail distribution channels noted in the report. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: • Americas • APAC-MEA • Europe Technavio's report, Global Nail Care Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors • COTY • Estée Lauder • L'ORÉAL • REVLON • Shiseido Other prominent vendors • Amway • Chanel • CIATÉ • Kao • LVMH • Mary Kay • Natura • Oriflame Cosmetics Global • Procter & Gamble • Unilever Market driver • Growing category penetration online • For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge • Increased competition • For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend • Trending manicures and nail art • For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report • What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? • What are the key market trends? • What is driving this market? • What are the challenges to market growth? • Who are the key vendors in this market space? • What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? • What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? You can request one free hour of our analyst's time when you purchase this market report. Details are provided within the report. Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p03571289/Global-Nail-Care-Market.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com __________________________ Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-nail-care-market-2017-2021-300468859.html SOURCE Reportlinker Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved From MarketWatch More Coverage Four big events that are prompting investors to sell stocks and buy bonds and gold Stock market set to open slightly higher as ‘Super Thursday’ gets under way North Korea may be the biggest black swan of all Most Popular Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring Stock market set to open slightly higher as ‘Super Thursday’ gets under way Bill Gross warns U.S. market risk is at highest since 2008 crisis Four big events that are prompting investors to sell stocks and buy bonds and gold Women and Alcohol: One Glass a Day Linked to Cancer MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Body Mist 2017 Market by Manufacturers, Type, Regions, Applications Forecast to 2022 Wiseguyreports.Com Added New Market Research Report On -“ Body Mist Market 2017 Manufacturers, Applications and Future Demand Forecast to 2022”. PUNE, INDIA, June 5, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Global Body Mist Market Description Body Mist or Body spray is a perfume product, similar to aerosol deodorant, which is intended to be used elsewhere on the body besides the armpits. Body sprays are lighter in strength than cologne, generally less expensive, and double as deodorant. Scope of the Report: This report focuses on the Body Mist in Global Market, especially in North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa. This report categorizes the market based on manufacturers, regions, type and application. Get Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1320209-global-body-mist-market-by-manufacturers-countries-type-and-application-forecast Market Segment by Manufacturers, this report covers Este Lauder L Brands LOral LVMH Shiseido Amway Avon Products Burberry Chatters Canada Coty Edgewell Personal Care Henkel Johnson & Johnson Kao Marchesa Mary Kay O Boticrio Procter & Gamble Revlon Unilever Parfums de Coeur Calvin Klein Jovan Dolce & Gabana Curve Drakkar Nike Adidas Axe Impulse Market Segment by Regions, regional analysis covers North America (USA, Canada and Mexico) Europe (Germany, France, UK, Russia and Italy) Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India and Southeast Asia) South America (Brazil, Argentina, Columbia etc.) Middle East and Africa (Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt, Nigeria and South Africa) Market Segment by Type, covers Moisturizing Mist Kill Odor Mist Others Market Segment by Applications, can be divided into For Men For Women Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1320209-global-body-mist-market-by-manufacturers-countries-type-and-application-forecast Table of Contents -Major Key Points 1 Market Overview 1.1 Body Mist Introduction 1.2 Market Analysis by Type 1.2.1 Moisturizing Mist 1.2.2 Kill Odor Mist 1.2.3 Others 1.3 Market Analysis by Applications 1.3.1 For Men 1.3.2 For Women 1.4 Market Analysis by Regions 1.4.1 North America (USA, Canada and Mexico) 1.4.1.1 USA Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.1.2 Canada Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.1.3 Mexico Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.2 Europe (Germany, France, UK, Russia and Italy) 1.4.2.1 Germany Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.2.2 France Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.2.3 UK Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.2.4 Russia Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.2.5 Italy Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India and Southeast Asia) 1.4.3.1 China Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.3.2 Japan Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.3.3 Korea Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.3.4 India Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.3.5 Southeast Asia Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.4 South America, Middle East and Africa 1.4.4.1 Brazil Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.4.2 Egypt Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.4.3 Saudi Arabia Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.4.4 South Africa Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.4.5 Nigeria Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5 Market Dynamics 1.5.1 Market Opportunities 1.5.2 Market Risk 1.5.3 Market Driving Force 2 Manufacturers Profiles 2.1 Este Lauder 2.1.1 Business Overview 2.1.2 Body Mist Type and Applications 2.1.2.1 Type 1 2.1.2.2 Type 2 2.1.3 Este Lauder Body Mist Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share (2016-2017) 2.2 L Brands 2.2.1 Business Overview 2.2.2 Body Mist Type and Applications 2.2.2.1 Type 1 2.2.2.2 Type 2 2.2.3 L Brands Body Mist Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share (2016-2017) 2.3 LOral 2.3.1 Business Overview 2.3.2 Body Mist Type and Applications 2.3.2.1 Type 1 2.3.2.2 Type 2 2.3.3 LOral Body Mist Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share (2016-2017) 2.4 LVMH 2.4.1 Business Overview 2.4.2 Body Mist Type and Applications 2.4.2.1 Type 1 2.4.2.2 Type 2 2.4.3 LVMH Body Mist Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share (2016-2017) 2.5 Shiseido 2.5.1 Business Overview 2.5.2 Body Mist Type and Applications 2.5.2.1 Type 1 2.5.2.2 Type 2 2.5.3 Shiseido Body Mist Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share (2016-2017) 2.6 Amway 2.6.1 Business Overview 2.6.2 Body Mist Type and Applications 2.6.2.1 Type 1 2.6.2.2 Type 2 2.6.3 Amway Body Mist Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share (2016-2017) ………..CONTINUED Buy Now@ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1320209 CONTACT US : NORAH TRENT Partner Relations & Marketing Manager sales@wiseguyreports.com www.wiseguyreports.com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) About Us Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, Industryresearch reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports understand how essential statistical surveying information is for your organization or association. Therefore, we have associated with the top publishers and research firms all specialized in specific domains, ensuring you will receive the most reliable and up to date research data available. Norah Trent Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)/+91 841 198 5042 (IND) email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Perchloroethylene Market 2021: Trends and Growth, Segmentation and Key Companies Next PostNext North America Fabric Wash and Care Market 2016-2022 – Research and Markets Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi North America Fabric Wash and Care Market 2016-2022 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 05 Jun, 2017, 13:20 ET Share this article DUBLIN, June 5, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "North America Fabric Wash and Care Market (2016-2022)" report to their offering. Fabric wash and care refers to the products used to clean furniture and clothes. It is very essential to use the cleaning products to maintain the softness and cleaning in fabric. Variety of fabric washing products is available in the market, such as detergents, soaps, bleach, fabric softeners etc. Different types of clothes requires specific care guide like dry cleaning or hand wash to keep them looking their best. Fabric products could work on different seasonable clothes as well. Fabric washing products could be used for different types of fabrics such as Acrylic, Cotton, Denim, Linen, Microfiber, Nylon, Polyester, Rayon, Silk, Spandex, Velour, and Wool Crown Health Care Laundry Services, Columbia brought Hygienically Clean Healthcare certification to North America. Additionally, Growth in awareness about the harmful effects by fabric wash products has encouraged customers to shift towards the eco-friendly and organic products. Hence, Major companies dealing in the production of fabric wash product have focused on launching innovative and eco-friendly products. Recently, Tide launched Tide Purclean, a biobased detergent, with the cleaning qualities of Tide Original Liquid Laundry Detergent. Other market players are also expected to launch more products. The key players operating in the market of fabric wash and care are - Church & Dwight Co., Inc. - Colgate-Palmolive - Henkel AG & Company, KGaA - Nice GR - Procter & Gamble - Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc - The National Detergent Company S.A.O.G - Unilever Group Key Topics Covered: 1. Market Scope & Methodology 2. Executive Summary 3. Market Overview 4. North America Fabric Wash & Care Market 5. North America Fabric Wash & Care Market by Application 6. North America Fabric Wash & Care Market by Country 7. Company Profiles For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/xdwdcd/north_america Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/north-america-fabric-wash-and-care-market-2016-2022---research-and-markets-300468610.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 05 Jun, 2017, 14:00 ET Preview: North America Performance Analytics Market 2016-2022 by Application, Analytics type, Organisation Size, Deployment Type & Vertical - Research and Markets 05 Jun, 2017, 13:20 ET Preview: India $1.2 Billion Leather Chemicals Market, 2026 - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 09:30 ET Research and Markets - Global Level Sensors and Switches Market... 09:30 ET Global Dishwasher Market 2017-2021: Product Localization /... Explore More news releases in similar topics Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: North America Fabric Wash and Care Market 2016-2022 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 05 Jun, 2017, 13:20 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women North America Fabric Wash and Care Market 2016-2022 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 05 Jun, 2017, 18:20 BST Share this article DUBLIN, June 5, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "North America Fabric Wash and Care Market (2016-2022)" report to their offering. Fabric wash and care refers to the products used to clean furniture and clothes. It is very essential to use the cleaning products to maintain the softness and cleaning in fabric. Variety of fabric washing products is available in the market, such as detergents, soaps, bleach, fabric softeners etc. Different types of clothes requires specific care guide like dry cleaning or hand wash to keep them looking their best. Fabric products could work on different seasonable clothes as well. Fabric washing products could be used for different types of fabrics such as Acrylic, Cotton, Denim, Linen, Microfiber, Nylon, Polyester, Rayon, Silk, Spandex, Velour, and Wool Crown Health Care Laundry Services, Columbia brought Hygienically Clean Healthcare certification to North America. Additionally, Growth in awareness about the harmful effects by fabric wash products has encouraged customers to shift towards the eco-friendly and organic products. Hence, Major companies dealing in the production of fabric wash product have focused on launching innovative and eco-friendly products. Recently, Tide launched Tide Purclean, a biobased detergent, with the cleaning qualities of Tide Original Liquid Laundry Detergent. Other market players are also expected to launch more products. The key players operating in the market of fabric wash and care are - Church & Dwight Co., Inc. - Colgate-Palmolive - Henkel AG & Company, KGaA - Nice GR - Procter & Gamble - Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc - The National Detergent Company S.A.O.G - Unilever Group Key Topics Covered: 1. Market Scope & Methodology 2. Executive Summary 3. Market Overview 4. North America Fabric Wash & Care Market 5. North America Fabric Wash & Care Market by Application 6. North America Fabric Wash & Care Market by Country 7. Company Profiles For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/xdwdcd/north_america Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 05 Jun, 2017, 18:20 BST Preview: India $1.2 Billion Leather Chemicals Market, 2026 - Research and Markets 05 Jun, 2017, 18:10 BST Preview: Research and Markets - Global Barcode Scanner Market 2017-2021 with Honeywell International, Zebra Technologies & Datalogic Dominating My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 14:45 BSTResearch and Markets - Global Level Sensors and Switches Market... 14:30 BSTGlobal Dishwasher Market 2017-2021: Product Localization /... Explore More news releases in similar topics Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: North America Fabric Wash and Care Market 2016-2022 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 05 Jun, 2017, 18:20 BST Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Global Scented Candles Market 2017-2021 - Increase in Popularity of DIY Method and Localization of Oil Ingredient Sourcing - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 05 Jun, 2017, 11:30 ET Share this article DUBLIN, June 5, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Global Scented Candles Market 2017-2021" report to their offering. The global scented candles market to grow at a CAGR of 5.88% during the period 2017-2021. The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global scented candles market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from sales of scented candles used for massage purpose (includes applications in medical and intimacy industries) by end-users such as individuals and spas. The report also includes a discussion of the Key vendors operating in this market. The high sales of scented candles can be attributed to a rapid surge in internet penetration, which has helped connect sellers and buyers. This has increased the sales opportunity for scented candle providers, along with providing options for consumers to choose from a broad range of products. One trend in market is increase in the number of spas. In the last decade, there has been a growth in the number of spas that use scented candles during massages to create a relaxing environment for their customers. Such spas have witnessed tremendous growth, along with the global wellness economy. Scented candles are used by spas for several purposes, including aromatherapy, pain relief, and for intensive treatments for elbows, hands, and feet, and for dry skin. According to the report, one driver in market is product novelty and packaging innovation. In a rapidly changing world, busy lifestyle and the need for easier and faster solutions have provided an opportunity for the manufacturers of scented candles to innovate according to the changing needs. An increase in stress-related cases has also necessitated therapies such as massages that use scented candles to soothe the mind. Further, the report states that one challenge in market is product recalls. There have been instances where scented candles have reportedly cause fires due to fault in products and improper handling of the products. For instance, in January 2015, CoScentrix, a provider of scented candles was forced to recall its particular batch of products due to surface ignition caused by its scented candles. Key vendors California Exotic Novelties P&G LELO Reckitt Benckiser Other prominent vendors Gellite Gel Candles Himalayan Trading Post Bath & Body Works TATINE CoScentrix diptyque Lee Naturals Magnolia Scents by Design Mels Candles Net-a-Porter Northern Lights Candles Paddywax Southern Made Candles Soy Works Candle Company Stand Around Creations The Gel Candle Company The Yankee Candle Company Key Topics Covered: Part 01: Executive summary Part 02: Scope of the report Part 03: Market research methodology Part 04: Introduction Part 05: Market landscape Part 06: Market segmentation by distribution channel Part 07: Geographical segmentation Part 08: Market drivers Part 09: Impact of drivers Part 10: Market challenges Part 11: Impact of drivers and challenges Part 12: Market trends Part 13: Vendor landscape Part 14: Vendor profiles Part 15: Appendix For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/467tk8/global_scented Media Contact: Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-scented-candles-market-2017-2021---increase-in-popularity-of-diy-method-and-localization-of-oil-ingredient-sourcing---research-and-markets-300468547.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 05 Jun, 2017, 11:40 ET Preview: Industrial IoT Convergence Suite: 5G, IIoT, 3D Printing, Big Data, and Streaming IoT Data Analytics 2017 - 2022 - Research and Markets 05 Jun, 2017, 11:20 ET Preview: Research and Markets - Global In-the-Water Sports Equipment Market 2017-2021 - Key Vendors are Adidas, Arena, Mikasa, Nike & Speedo International My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 09:30 ET Research and Markets - Global Level Sensors and Switches Market... 09:30 ET Global Dishwasher Market 2017-2021: Product Localization /... Explore More news releases in similar topics Cosmetics and Personal Care Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global Scented Candles Market 2017-2021 - Increase in Popularity of DIY Method and Localization of Oil Ingredient Sourcing - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 05 Jun, 2017, 11:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
June 8, 2017 Facebook Twitter Pinterest YouTube RSS Follow Us Chestertown Spy An e-newspaper for Chestertown Maryland Home About The Chestertown Spy Contact Us Advertising & Underwriting Advertising Terms & Conditions Editors & Writers Board of Advisors Dedication & Acknowledgements Code of Ethics Terms of Use Technical FAQ Privacy Arts Food/Culture Ecosystem Education Health Local Life News P.O.V. Recovery Senior Nation You are here: Home / Archives / It’s the Last Picture Show at Chester 5 Theatres It’s the Last Picture Show at Chester 5 Theatres June 5, 2017 by Peter Heck 5 Comments The Chester 5 Theatres movie complex is closing. The Chester 5 Theatres at Washington Square shopping center in Chestertown closed after the final showing Sunday, June 4. The last show was Sunday night, June 4, according to an email to the Spy from a movie-goer who learned of the closing while at the theater. The films on display the final weekend were “Captain Underpants,” “Wonder Woman,” “Pirates of the Caribbean,” “Baywatch” and “Guardians of the Galaxy.” Manager Charlene Fowler, who has been at the theater 18 years, confirmed the closing in a phone call Monday morning. She said business has “dropped off” over the last five years, and the theater was no longer able to turn a profit. Asked what factors contributed to the downturn in business, Fowler said, “Middletown kind of hurt us.” She said the Westown Movies in Middletown has “more up-to-date” facilities, including slanted seating that gives a clear view of the screen from all seats. Also, she said, the Middletown theater has alcohol sales, which Chester 5 could not compete with. She also cited the presence of restaurants and shopping facilities in Middletown as factors that drew possible viewers away from Chestertown. “We had our regulars, but we didn’t draw from a very big crowd,” Fowler said. The comparatively small population of Kent County, along with a small number of the younger families who are typically the audience film makers aim their product toward, undoubtedly had an effect on the theater’s ability to draw. With Washington College between sessions, the timing of the closure is not surprising, either. Alexander, the movie-goer who told the Spy of the closing, said he and his wife were planning to attend the movies on Monday, because they enjoyed the free popcorn that was the theater’s promotion. But checking the website, they saw movie times listed only through Sunday. They decided to go on Saturday. While picking up their tickets, he joked with Fowler that the theater must be closing. She told him she had a meeting with the owners the next morning. Hearing that, the couple decided to return Sunday to see another film they were interested in. After that film, Fowler told them the theater was closing. She said the mall owner was not interested in bringing in another theater to replace it. Posters for two of the movies shown on the final weekend. Chester 5 Theatres were a division of P&G Theaters, which also owns the Essex 5 Theatres in Tappahannock, Va. There was no answer to a call to the number listed for the theater manager, but the recorded message listed showings through Thursday, with features much the same as at the Chester 5 Theaters. Fowler said she had seen declining sales at the theater since its conversion to digital technology about five years ago. She said she wasn’t sure whether options such as Netflix and cable TV movie channels were a factor in the drop in attendance. With the closing of the Chester 5 Theatres, the Westown Theater in Middletown is the closest movie venue to Chestertown, with theaters in Dover, Easton and Annapolis slightly farther away. Filed Under: Archives, Brevities, Portal Highlights ← Kent & Queen Anne Soroptimists Picnic June 19 | Lost Dog Alert: Gus is Missing in Quaker Neck → Cancel reply Name * Email * Website Letters to Editor Melinda Bookwalter says: June 5, 2017 at 11:24 PM Oops, forgot my last name: Bring back the bats . . . . : – ( Reply Barbara in den Bosch says: June 6, 2017 at 9:12 AM So sorry! Thanks for keeping it open so long! Reply John Trently says: June 6, 2017 at 11:05 AM My wife and I are new comers to the Chestertown area, and we absolutely love the small town theater. We are very sorry to see it go. Reply Michael P. whitenight says: June 6, 2017 at 8:36 PM First the bowling alley now the theater. Cheap entertainment options are quickly disappearing. Reply Martin Hersey says: June 7, 2017 at 2:43 AM I’m glad this theater is closing. It was a dirty, smelly, gloomy place. The movies they showed were uninteresting. People who parked there threw garbage out of their cars onto the grass. Reply Write a Letter to the Editor on this Article We encourage readers to offer their point of view on this article by submitting the following form. Editing is sometimes necessary and is done at the discretion of the editorial staff. The Chestertown Spy The Talbot Spy Top Stories Portal Highlight – Best of the Spy News Point of View Arts Culture Ecosystem Education Health Local Life Shore Recovery Spy Senior Nation About Subscribe Contact Us Advertising & Underwriting Return to top of page Copyright © 2017 · Spy Publications on Genesis Framework · WordPress · Log in
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi North America Luxury Furniture (Residential and Commercial) Market 2016-2022 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 05 Jun, 2017, 10:30 ET Share this article DUBLIN, June 5, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "North America Luxury Furniture Market (2016-2022)" report to their offering. The demand for luxury furniture in the domestic and commercial segment has been unprecedented. Substantial growth in the per capita income is the prime reason behind the unprecedented growth in the luxury furniture market. The rapidly growing urban population is adding to the demand for luxury furniture. Furniture made up of glass material is gaining province over other kinds of materials, due to their elegance and eye catching designs. Wood Furniturer holds the maximum market share, as wood is used majorly in the luxury furniture. Designing things on wood is easy, and is a natural and easily available raw material around the world. The market of wood furniture is expected to reach $2,145.4 million by 2022, growing at a CAGR of 3.0% during the forecast period. The glass material market on the other hand would rapidly grow at a CAGR of 5.6% during the forecast period due to growing demand for attractive glass furniture products. The living and bedroom segment is expected to generate revenue of $2,800.7 million by 2022, growing at a CAGR of 3.3% during the forecasted period. The lighting market segment would grow rapidly during the forecast period, registering a CAGR of 8.0%. The report highlights the adoption of Luxury Furniture in North America. Based on Materials, the market is segmented into Metal, Wood, Plastic, Glass, Leathers, Others. Based on End User, the Luxury Furniture market is segmented into Residential and Commercial Market. According to the usage, the Residential market is segmented into Kitchen, Living & Bedroom, Bathroom, Outdoor, Lighting segments; the commercial market is segmented into Office, Hospitality and Others segment. Key Companies profiled in the report includes: Kimberly- Clark Corporation Unicharm Bumkins Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget Company Hengan American Baby Company Procter & Gamble Company (P&G) Kao Corporation Key Topics Covered: 1. Market Scope & Methodology 2. Market Overview 3. North America Luxury Furniture Market - By Materials 4. North America Luxury Furniture Market - By End user 5. Country Level Analysis 6. Company Profiles For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/lgwbn4/north_america Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/north-america-luxury-furniture-residential-and-commercial-market-2016-2022---research-and-markets-300468543.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 05 Jun, 2017, 10:40 ET Preview: Global $30.4 Billion OTR Tire (Agriculture Equipment, Industrial Equipment's, ATVs) Market, Forecasts & Opportunities, 2022 - Research and Markets 05 Jun, 2017, 10:20 ET Preview: North America Surgical Operating Microscopes Market Report 2017 - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 09:30 ET Research and Markets - Global Level Sensors and Switches Market... 09:30 ET Global Dishwasher Market 2017-2021: Product Localization /... Explore More news releases in similar topics Furniture and Furnishings Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: North America Luxury Furniture (Residential and Commercial) Market 2016-2022 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 05 Jun, 2017, 10:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Abhishek Budholiya Global Cold, Cough and Sore Throat Remedies Market anticipated to incur sluggish growth at 3.2% CAGR, 2026 Seeking professional medical help for curing cold, cough or sore throat is become a rare practice, let alone getting admitted in a hospital. Prevalence of cold, cough & sore throat problems through the ages has made people more independent in terms of treating them. In the years to come, effective home remedies will continue to gain traction and people will be taking care of their cold or sore throat through such easy-to-treat remedies. Future Market Insights’ latest report delivers such discernments that are expected to leave a considerable imprint on the global market for cold, cough & sore throat remedies. Based on the report, the global cold, cough & sore throat remedies market is presently valued at US$ 32.4 Bn, and is anticipated to incur sluggish growth at 3.2% CAGR to bring in just over US$ 45.4 Bn by the end of 2026. The report distinctly indicates that rising adoption of self-medication practices and effective home remedies is restraining the market’s overall growth. Ask For Report Sample@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-1292 In the report, titled “Cold, Cough and Sore Throat Remedies Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment, 2016-2026,” affordability of OTC drugs, rising economic burden of respiratory diseases, availability of medications in variable dosages, and fast & instant relief delivered through such cold, cough & sore throat remedies are driving the market’s growth. Nevertheless, the demand for cold, cough & sore throat remedies is less likely to soar at a healthy rate. Product Recalls & Low Entry of New Players Impacting the Market’s Growth Firstly, the global cold, cough & sore throat remedies market is projected to witness umpteen product recalls. Global leaders in pharmaceuticals industry such as Novartis AG, Pfizer Inc., Bayer AG, GlaxoSmithKline plc., and Reckitt Benckiser Group plc are key players in the global market for cold, cough & sore throat remedies. Despite, there are several newly-launched products that have been recalled after FDA’s censure. Besides, even consumer goods behemoths such as Procter & Gamble Co. and Johnson & Johnson Services Inc. are partaking in the market’s growth. This has resulted in a lowering entry of emerging drugmakers, which has further distorted the market’s growth. Other leading manufacturers of cold, cough & sore throat remedies include AstraZeneca plc, Prestige Brands Inc., and Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. The report highlights how Asia-Pacific excluding Japan (APEJ) region will remain the largest market for cold, cough & sore throat remedies. The region’s proximity to environmental pollution makes its residents more prone to respiratory diseases. With over 30% stake in global revenues, the APEJ cold, cough & sore throat remedies market will global dominate through 2026. North America and Europe will also remain at the forefront, by collectively accounting for nearly half of the global revenues throughout the forecast period. Ask For More Information@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gb-1292 The report further reveals that in 2017 and beyond, the demand for antihistamine drugs, expectorants and decongestants will remain considerably high as these revenues from sales of these drugs will showcase growth at more than 3% CAGR. Tablets or pills and nasal drops will also dominate as dosage types, accounting for over 40% share of market value through 2026. The report also predicts retail pharmacies & drug stores as the largest distribution channels for cold, cough & sore throat remedies. Together, these channels will bring in nearly US$ 30 Bn by the end of 2026. CategoriesGoogle News TagsCold, Cough and Sore Throat Remedies Market, Healthcare Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Acycloguanosine Market Capacity, Entry Strategies, Production and Production Value & Forecast 2017-2022 Next PostNext Centrify Enables Organizations to Stop Breaches That Start on Mac Endpoints Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by rahul-absolutereports.com Professional Dental Care Market Research Report: Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2021 The Professional Dental Care Market Report contains a comprehensive market and vendor landscape in addition to a SWOT analysis of the key vendors. Professional Dental Care Industry Report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the Professional Dental Care Market for 2016-2021. The research was conducted using an objective combination of primary and secondary information including inputs from key participants in the Professional Dental Care industry. Professional Dental Care Market is poised to reach USD 961.0 Million by 2021 with 4.5% CAGR during the forecast period of 2016-2021 Professional Dental Care Market analysis is provided for global market including development trends by regions, competitive analysis of the Professional Dental Care market. Professional Dental Care Industry report focuses on the major drivers and restraints for the key players. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Professional Dental Care Market Research Report @https://www.absolutereports.com/10588624    Major Key Players of Environmental Monitoring Market: Colgate-Palmolive Company (U.S.), The Procter & Gamble Company (U.S.), Unilever plc (U.K.), Johnson & Johnson (U.S.), Young Innovation, Inc. (U.S.), Ultradent Products, Inc. (U.S.), GC Corporation (Japan), GlaxoSmithKline plc (U.K.), Dr. Fresh, LLC (U.S.), 3M Company (U.S.), Koninklijke Philips N.V. (Netherlands), and Sunstar (Japan).  Professional Dental Care Market Drivers: Growing number of small/private dental clinics Rising incidence of dental caries Increasing disposable incomes in emerging countries Growing awareness about dental hygiene Economic gains for dental practitioners Professional Dental Care Market Restraints: Increasing number of large/group dental practices Reluctance to adopt dental dispensing practices Professional Dental Care Market Opportunities: Low penetration of oral care services in rural areas Professional Dental Care Market Challenge: Regulatory restrictions on dental dispensing practices   Get Sample PDF of Professional Dental Care Market Report @ http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-sample/10588624      Professional Dental Care Market Segmentation Based On Region: North America Europe Asia-Pacific Rest Of The World Ask for Discount @ http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-discount/10588624  Professional Dental Care Market Segmentation Based On Product: Toothpastes Pastes Gels Polishes Powders Toothbrushes Manual Toothbrushes Electric Toothbrushes Battery-Powered Toothbrushes Toothbrush Heads Mouthwashes/Rinses Non-Medicated Mouthwashes Medicated Mouthwashes Dental Accessories/Ancillaries Cosmetic Whitening Products Breath Fresheners Dental Flosses Dental Water Jets Denture Products Cleansers Fixatives Other Denture Products Other Professional Dental Care Products No. of Pages: 181 Get Report at:http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-discount/10588624    CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Ammonium Phosphomolybdate Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Next PostNext Exploration Programme Targeting Zona 7 Deposits Posted on 5 June 2017 by rahul-absolutereports.com Professional Dental Care Market Research Report: Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2021 The Professional Dental Care Market Report contains a comprehensive market and vendor landscape in addition to a SWOT analysis of the key vendors. Professional Dental Care Industry Report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the Professional Dental Care Market for 2016-2021. The research was conducted using an objective combination of primary and secondary information including inputs from key participants in the Professional Dental Care industry. Professional Dental Care Market is poised to reach USD 961.0 Million by 2021 with 4.5% CAGR during the forecast period of 2016-2021 Professional Dental Care Market analysis is provided for global market including development trends by regions, competitive analysis of the Professional Dental Care market. Professional Dental Care Industry report focuses on the major drivers and restraints for the key players. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Professional Dental Care Market Research Report @https://www.absolutereports.com/10588624    Major Key Players of Environmental Monitoring Market: Colgate-Palmolive Company (U.S.), The Procter & Gamble Company (U.S.), Unilever plc (U.K.), Johnson & Johnson (U.S.), Young Innovation, Inc. (U.S.), Ultradent Products, Inc. (U.S.), GC Corporation (Japan), GlaxoSmithKline plc (U.K.), Dr. Fresh, LLC (U.S.), 3M Company (U.S.), Koninklijke Philips N.V. (Netherlands), and Sunstar (Japan).  Professional Dental Care Market Drivers: Growing number of small/private dental clinics Rising incidence of dental caries Increasing disposable incomes in emerging countries Growing awareness about dental hygiene Economic gains for dental practitioners Professional Dental Care Market Restraints: Increasing number of large/group dental practices Reluctance to adopt dental dispensing practices Professional Dental Care Market Opportunities: Low penetration of oral care services in rural areas Professional Dental Care Market Challenge: Regulatory restrictions on dental dispensing practices   Get Sample PDF of Professional Dental Care Market Report @ http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-sample/10588624      Professional Dental Care Market Segmentation Based On Region: North America Europe Asia-Pacific Rest Of The World Ask for Discount @ http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-discount/10588624  Professional Dental Care Market Segmentation Based On Product: Toothpastes Pastes Gels Polishes Powders Toothbrushes Manual Toothbrushes Electric Toothbrushes Battery-Powered Toothbrushes Toothbrush Heads Mouthwashes/Rinses Non-Medicated Mouthwashes Medicated Mouthwashes Dental Accessories/Ancillaries Cosmetic Whitening Products Breath Fresheners Dental Flosses Dental Water Jets Denture Products Cleansers Fixatives Other Denture Products Other Professional Dental Care Products No. of Pages: 181 Get Report at:http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-discount/10588624    CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Ammonium Phosphomolybdate Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Next PostNext Exploration Programme Targeting Zona 7 Deposits Posted on 5 June 2017 by rahul-absolutereports.com Professional Dental Care Market Research Report: Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2021 The Professional Dental Care Market Report contains a comprehensive market and vendor landscape in addition to a SWOT analysis of the key vendors. Professional Dental Care Industry Report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the Professional Dental Care Market for 2016-2021. The research was conducted using an objective combination of primary and secondary information including inputs from key participants in the Professional Dental Care industry. Professional Dental Care Market is poised to reach USD 961.0 Million by 2021 with 4.5% CAGR during the forecast period of 2016-2021 Professional Dental Care Market analysis is provided for global market including development trends by regions, competitive analysis of the Professional Dental Care market. Professional Dental Care Industry report focuses on the major drivers and restraints for the key players. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Professional Dental Care Market Research Report @https://www.absolutereports.com/10588624    Major Key Players of Environmental Monitoring Market: Colgate-Palmolive Company (U.S.), The Procter & Gamble Company (U.S.), Unilever plc (U.K.), Johnson & Johnson (U.S.), Young Innovation, Inc. (U.S.), Ultradent Products, Inc. (U.S.), GC Corporation (Japan), GlaxoSmithKline plc (U.K.), Dr. Fresh, LLC (U.S.), 3M Company (U.S.), Koninklijke Philips N.V. (Netherlands), and Sunstar (Japan).  Professional Dental Care Market Drivers: Growing number of small/private dental clinics Rising incidence of dental caries Increasing disposable incomes in emerging countries Growing awareness about dental hygiene Economic gains for dental practitioners Professional Dental Care Market Restraints: Increasing number of large/group dental practices Reluctance to adopt dental dispensing practices Professional Dental Care Market Opportunities: Low penetration of oral care services in rural areas Professional Dental Care Market Challenge: Regulatory restrictions on dental dispensing practices   Get Sample PDF of Professional Dental Care Market Report @ http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-sample/10588624      Professional Dental Care Market Segmentation Based On Region: North America Europe Asia-Pacific Rest Of The World Ask for Discount @ http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-discount/10588624  Professional Dental Care Market Segmentation Based On Product: Toothpastes Pastes Gels Polishes Powders Toothbrushes Manual Toothbrushes Electric Toothbrushes Battery-Powered Toothbrushes Toothbrush Heads Mouthwashes/Rinses Non-Medicated Mouthwashes Medicated Mouthwashes Dental Accessories/Ancillaries Cosmetic Whitening Products Breath Fresheners Dental Flosses Dental Water Jets Denture Products Cleansers Fixatives Other Denture Products Other Professional Dental Care Products No. of Pages: 181 Get Report at:http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-discount/10588624    CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Ammonium Phosphomolybdate Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Next PostNext Exploration Programme Targeting Zona 7 Deposits Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Disinfectants Global Market Research Approach, Commercial Analysis and Forecast to 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Disinfectants Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, June 05, 2017 ) The Global Disinfectants Market is expected to reach around $6.2 billion by 2022. Increasing concerns over the stretch of infectious diseases and increased focus on hygiene are the drivers of the disinfectants market. Increasing demand from healthcare and food industries will continue to drive the market. Aerosol and liquid products are the common disinfectants used in hospitals, although growing number of healthcare facilities are implementing ultraviolet disinfection systems as further measure. For more information http://www.reportsweb.com/disinfectants-global-market-outlook-2015-2022 North America dominates the global market for disinfectants and is expected to grow at a faster pace during the forecast period. The growth rate in Asia Pacific region is high owing to its growing population as well as standard of living. The increasing demand from developing markets in Asia pacific will also help push the market to new heights. Some of the key players in the disinfectants market include Dow Chemical, Lonza Group, BASF, DuPont, ABC Compounding Co., Inc., The Clorox Company, Ecolab Inc, Procter & Gamble Co, Sealed Air Corporation, 3M Company, SC Johnson & Son Inc, Prestige Brands, Inc, Henkel AG & co. KGaA, Ka- Corporation, Medical Chemical Corporation, Metrex Research LLC, ABC Compounding Company, Unilever Plc., and Zep Inc. Types of Disinfectants Covered: - Air disinfectants - Water disinfectants - Surface disinfectants Request Sample Copy http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001152600/sample Regions Covered: - North America - US - Canada - Mexico - Europe - Germany - France - Italy - UK - Spain - Rest of Europe - Asia Pacific - Japan - China - India - Australia - New Zealand - Rest of Asia Pacific - Rest of the World - Middle East - Brazil - Argentina - South Africa - Egypt 8 Company Profiling 8.1 Dow Chemical 8.2 Lonza Group 8.3 BASF 8.4 DuPont 8.5 ABC Compounding Co., Inc. 8.6 The Clorox Company 8.7 Ecolab Inc 8.8 Procter & Gamble C- 8.9 Sealed Air Corporation 8.10 3M Company 8.11 SC Johnson & Son, Inc. 8.12 Prestige Brands, Inc 8.13 Henkel AG & co. KGaA 8.14 Ka- Corporation 8.15 Medical Chemical Corporation 8.16 Metrex Research LLC 8.17 ABC Compounding Company 8.18 Unilever Plc. 8.19 Zep, Inc. Make an enquiry: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001152600/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In City More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos Live TV TIMES NEWS - RADIO Modi Government Elections 2017 Delhi MCD 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance City METRO CITIES Mumbai Delhi Bangalore Hyderabad Kolkata Chennai OTHER CITIES Agartala Agra Imphal Ahmedabad Allahabad Amritsar Aurangabad Bareilly Bhopal Bhubaneswar Chandigarh Coimbatore Cuttack Dehradun Erode Faridabad Goa Gurgaon Guwahati Hubli Indore Jaipur Jammu Jamshedpur Jind Kanpur Kochi Kolhapur Kozhikode Lucknow Ludhiana Madurai Mangalore Meerut Mysore Nagpur Nashik Navi Mumbai Noida Patna Puducherry Pune Raipur Rajahmundry Rajkot Ranchi Srinagar Salem Shillong Shimla Surat Thane Trichy Thiruvananthapuram Vadodara Varanasi Visakhapatnam Goa Crime Civic Issues Politics Schools & Colleges Events ALL News » City News » Goa News » Schools & Colleges » Goa schools reopen today Goa schools reopen today Around 1,700 government and government aided schools reopen on Monday for the academic session 2017-18. More than two lakh students from primary, high schools and higher secondary schools will return to school on the day after the summer break.TNN | Jun 5, 2017, 06.01 AM IST Goa schools reopen after summer break; traffic congestion on NH17 Around 1,700 government and government aided schools in Goa reopened for the academic session 2017-18 after two-month summer break.Meanwhile, there was a complete chaos on NH17 at Bambolim near Panaji, outside the newly developed Cujira education complex as more schools shifted in the complex without any traffic plan. 2017-06-06T19:40+00:00 Representative image Related Videos Goa schools reopen after summe... PANAJI: Around 1,700 government and government aided schools reopen on Monday for the academic session 2017-18. More than two lakh students from primary, high schools and higher secondary schools will return to school on the day after the summer break. "We have decided to lay more stress on value-based education from the new academic year," director of education G P Bhat said. In the new academic year, the state government has signed an MoU with Pune-based Mutha Foundation to provide education to children in waste management, traffic management and menstrual hygiene for girls as part of the curriculum. At least two classes in these subjects will be conducted for students in a week and they will be assessed by their respective schools in the subjects, Bhat said. "The subjects will be introduced in Class III and IV during the current academic year and in Classes V to VIII and Classes IX to X in the subsequent years in a phased manner," Bhat said. The scheme will be implemented within the next two months, he said. Procter & Gamble, personnel from the Saligao waste treatment plant, experts like Patricia Pinto and officials from the Goa Education Development Corporation, state traffic cell and the state council for educational research and training have been roped in to draw up the curriculum for the subject, Bhat said. Also, no new schools have been granted permissions to open in the new academic year. The 2017-18 academic year will also have two fewer working days for schools, as the directorate of education has brought Goa on a par with the rest of India as per the requirements of the Right To Educate (RTE) Act. Goa, which had 236 working days last year, will now have 234. There is no change in the number of minimum instructional days at 200. School instructional hours also remain the same — five-and-a-half. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web 5 Meal Kits that Will Help You Lose Weight MyHealthyMeals Salma Officially in Billionaire Wives Club Sportingz Meet the Sophisticated New Honda Accord - Build & Price Yo.. Honda More from The Times of India Tamil Nadu govt, AAI to sign MoU for regional airports Uber fires executive who got rape victim's records Eng vs NZ: Coolest player of the match - Jake Ball From the Web More From The Times of India Actresses who rejected roles opposite the KhansBOLLYWOODUNION Tom Cruise's $59 Million Mansion Will Take Your Breath AwayLonny 10 Signs and Symptoms of Colon Cancerrmhealthy Perfectly Timed Pictures Taken Before a DisasterTwo Red Dots Top 55+ Senior Living Apartments in CliftonLuxury Senior Apartments - Sponsored Ads Indian-American jailed for $33 million fraud in US Rajnath Singh to review Myanmar border situation on June 12 Indian-origin Cornell University student found dead in US After 45 years, West Bengal cabinet holds meet in Darjeeling Iran Guards claim US, Saudi 'involved' in Tehran attacks Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Education Bihar 12th Arts result Bihar 12th Science result  Bihar 12th Commerce Result CBSE Class 10 Results UK Board Class 12 result BSEB Matric Result GSEB HSC Commerce results GSEB HSC Arts results SEBA AHM Class 10 results CHSE Odisha 12th Result 2017 Tripura Board Class 10th results Jharkhand board 12th Science result Subscribe today! Join Our newsletter Follow Us@timesofindia From around the Web Invest in your dream home in India GODREJ PROPERTIES In conversation with Sam Jain. State Farm Insurance My Son may not live to see his 2nd Birthday! Milaap More From The Times of India Markets flood with bags, water bottles, as schools reopen Roasted Almond Ice Cream Nutella Hot Chocolate Most Popular ​ Isro’s most powerful rocket GSLV Mk III places GSAT-19 communication satellite in orbit Indian Space Research Organisation on Monday successfully launched its most powerful rocket, GSLV Mk III nicknamed 'Fatboy'+ , by firing a high thrust indigenous cryogenic engine in the first developmental flight and placed the country's heaviest satellite in orbit ICC Champions Trophy: India beats Pakistan Bihar board 'topper' Ganesh Kumar arrested, his result cancelled Absconding NCP MP spotted at BJP minister's house Udayanraje Bhosal, who is absconding NCP MP, was spotted visiting a BJP neta in Ahmednagar. Govt at war with the farmers of our country, says Rahul Gandhi Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi attacked the Modi government alleging that they are at war with the farmers. Read MorestudentsschoolsReopenProcter & GambleGoa Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel Weather in Goa Goa Travel Guide How to reach Goa Get to know Goa Hotels in Goa Restaurants in Goa Places to visit in Goa Things to do in Goa Shopping in Goa Nightlife in Goa Itineraries Goa Map Goa Photos Haunted Places in Goa Beaches In Goa Download Goa Travel Guide Goa To Delhi Flights Goa to Bangalore Flights From our Global Partners Government puts conservation panel back BJP showing fascist traits, says Congress Football no hot ticket in Goa, show U-17 World Cup sales There is little anxiety over beef ban in Goa: Union minister Shripad Naik 1Goa schools reopen today 2Government puts conservation panel back 3BJP showing fascist traits, says Congress 4Football no hot ticket in Goa, show U-17 World Cup sales 5There is little anxiety over beef ban in Goa: Union minister Shripad Naik Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now I am Gujarat Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Economic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends Eng vs Nz Live Score Paris Climate Agreement Champions Trophy 2017 Paris agreement London Attacks Nissan Micra 2017 TBSE Madhyamik Results GST Philippines ICC CT Schedule Sensex Manila shooting Sopore encounter PM Modi Angela Merkel services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web ICC Champions Trophy Dark Circles How to Get Pregnant Ramadan Fasting Rules Sunny Leone Photos XXX Photos Weight Loss Tips Ramadan Festival 2017 Best Mehndi Designs Trending topics Exam Results 2017 Hindi Movies English Movies Tamil Movies Telugu Movies xXx Malayalam Movies Kollywood News Tollywood News Mollywood News Hollywood News Sunny Leone Photos Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service ` Sip on free Dunkin’ Shaken Iced Coffee while reading the latest news on TOI.Login to claim
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Amazon Q1 2017 Sales of Consumables See Double-Digit Growth as Total Market Experiences Decline, New Report Finds One Click Retail research finds Americans and Europeans are increasingly relying on Amazon for purchases of health and personal care, baby and grocery items. News provided by One Click Retail 05 Jun, 2017, 14:12 ET Share this article SALT LAKE CITY, June 5, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Amazon's sales of consumables in the Health & Personal Care, Baby and Grocery groups saw double-digit growth in Q1 2017, while the total HPC and grocery markets experienced declines of 1% and 10%, respectively. As consumers shift away from brick and mortar towards eCommerce for consumables, the popularity of Amazon's services such as Prime, Pantry and Fresh is gaining ground. This is according to research from One Click Retail, a leader in eCommerce data measurement, sales analytics and search optimization for global brand manufacturers. Health & Personal Care One Click Retail's Health & Personal Care report reveals that Amazon is the best growth opportunity for HPC brands, given that US total HPC sales increased only about 1% in Q1 2017. Amazon already earned $1.3 billion, or 27.5% of the total annual sales, in 2016.  The real MVP of Amazon's HPC product group continues to be Prime Pantry. With more shoppers buying into exclusive Amazon Pantry access, the rate of growth for HPC (and most other product categories) is much higher in Pantry than in the general marketplace, with top categories multiplying by hundreds of percentage points. The leading Amazon HPC category is Hair Care in the U.S. (85% growth), and Household Consumables (440% growth) in the UK. Baby Products In the Q1 2017, total US baby products revenues dropped 10%. Most of this decrease took place in offline sales, allowing eCommerce market share to rise from 20% to 22%. The Baby Products category enjoyed the highest eCommerce CPG penetration, with Amazon having 43% of the total. Q1 Amazon US sales of diapers increased 30%, baby food 15%, and baby formula 80%. In both the US and the UK, Amazon saw triple-digit growth of top brands like Pampers (700% increase). Grocery One Click Retail reports 30% growth in Amazon Grocery averaged across the US, UK and Germany, driven by the growing adoption of Amazon Prime in Q1 2017. Traditionally, grocery has been less susceptible to the shift towards eCommerce (in 2016, only 5% of U.S. grocery sales occurred online). According to Amazon sales data calculations for Q1 2017, Amazon's grocery sales outpaced that of the total market fifteen-fold. "The popularity of perishables is growing rapidly, not only because consumers are becoming more comfortable with buying their groceries online but also because Amazon is improving its delivery times and offering more fulfillment options," explains Spencer Millerberg, One Click Retail CEO. "There are now more than 65 million Amazon Prime subscribers and they are more likely to buy their groceries online than non-subscribers. Last year's sharp rise in Prime membership has continued into Q1 2017. With more shoppers buying exclusive access to Amazon Pantry, the rate of growth for most consumables is much higher in Pantry than in the general marketplace, with top categories multiplying revenue by as much as 5 times. As Amazon continues to corner the market, CPGs in the U.S., U.K. and Germany would be smart to engage with Amazon Prime members as their target audience." Methodology One Click Retail uses a combination of website indexing, machine learning and proprietary software to estimate weekly online sales figures with 98.5% accuracy down to the level of the individual SKU on Amazon. About One Click Retail One Click Retail is a market leader in eCommerce data measurement, sales analytics and search optimization for brand manufacturers in North America, Europe and Asia. Thanks to their proprietary sales calculations, OCR's accuracy is unrivaled in the marketplace. The OCR product suite provides 1st and 3rd party business intelligence across the 30 largest retailers. The world's top brands, such as Procter & Gamble, Panasonic, Nestle, Hamilton Beach and HP, rely on OCR to drive sales and profitability across eCommerce. One Click Retail was acquired by Ascential plc in 2016. For more information, visit the company's website, www.oneclickretail.com, and visit One Click Retail on Twitter and LinkedIn. Media Contact: Pola Hallquist Apothecary Communications for One Click Retail phallquist@apothecarycommunications.com 1-866-213-9210 x801   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/amazon-q1-2017-sales-of-consumables-see-double-digit-growth-as-total-market-experiences-decline-new-report-finds-300468772.html SOURCE One Click Retail Related Links http://www.oneclickretail.com 09 May, 2017, 06:00 ET Preview: Amazon Sees Significant Gains in Sales of Bulky "eCommerce Immune" Items My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 06 Apr, 2017, 12:39 ET Amazon Sees Significant Gains in Sales of Bulky "eCommerce... 06 Apr, 2017, 12:39 ET Amazon Outpaces Total Market Growth in U.S. Sales of Household... Explore More news releases in similar topics Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Retail Computer Electronics Consumer Electronics You just read: Amazon Q1 2017 Sales of Consumables See Double-Digit Growth as Total Market Experiences Decline, New Report Finds News provided by One Click Retail 05 Jun, 2017, 14:12 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
