Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Jumei International Holding Ltd (JMEI) Stake Raised by Guggenheim Capital LLC Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Position Reduced by Cypress Wealth Advisors LLC Independent Advisor Alliance Acquires New Stake in General Electric Company (GE) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $867,000 Stake in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Numeric Investors LLC Cuts Stake in Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Norges Bank Acquires New Stake in InvenSense Inc (INVN) Norges Bank Acquires New Stake in California Water Service Group (CWT) Norges Bank Purchases Shares of 140,805 DXP Enterprises Inc (DXPE) La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company (LJPC) Receives Buy Rating from Noble Financial CIT Group Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (CIT) Guggenheim Capital LLC Has $257,000 Position in Godaddy Inc (GDDY) Guggenheim Capital LLC Invests $260,000 in VTTI Energy Partners LP (VTTI) 28,742 Shares in Sanchez Energy Corp (SN) Acquired by Guggenheim Capital LLC Sonic Co. (SONC) Shares Sold by Guggenheim Capital LLC Koninklijke Philips NV (PHG) Stake Reduced by Guggenheim Capital LLC 7,722 Shares in IHS Markit Ltd (INFO) Acquired by Guggenheim Capital LLC Guggenheim Capital LLC Decreases Position in Unitil Co. (UTL) Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Has $197,000 Position in Comtech Telecomm. Corp. (CMTL) Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Maintains Stake in Varonis Systems Inc (VRNS) Atlantic Capital Bancshares Inc (ACBI) Position Maintained by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $867,000 Stake in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) April 30th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Westwood Holdings Group Inc. cut its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) by 4.5% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 10,323 shares of the company’s stock after selling 489 shares during the period. Westwood Holdings Group Inc.’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Co were worth $867,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in PG. GSB Wealth Management LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter valued at about $888,000. PagnatoKarp Partners LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter valued at about $365,000. Wills Financial Group Inc. increased its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 1.5% in the fourth quarter. Wills Financial Group Inc. now owns 45,515 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,827,000 after buying an additional 670 shares during the period. Advantage Investment Management LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter valued at about $1,475,000. Finally, Pacific Center for Financial Services purchased a new stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter valued at about $291,000. Institutional investors own 68.33% of the company’s stock. Shares of Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) opened at 87.33 on Friday. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $90.08 and a 200-day moving average of $87.19. The firm has a market capitalization of $223.26 billion, a P/E ratio of 16.00 and a beta of 0.64. Procter & Gamble Co has a 52-week low of $79.41 and a 52-week high of $92.00. Procter & Gamble Co also saw some unusual options trading on Thursday. Traders acquired 2,197 call options on the company. This represents an increase of approximately 396% compared to the typical daily volume of 443 call options. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The company reported $0.96 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.94 by $0.02. Procter & Gamble Co had a return on equity of 18.58% and a net margin of 23.44%. The company had revenue of $15.61 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $15.70 billion. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $0.86 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 1.0% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts expect that Procter & Gamble Co will post $3.84 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, May 15th. Stockholders of record on Friday, April 21st will be issued a $0.6896 dividend. This represents a $2.76 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.16%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, April 19th. This is a positive change from Procter & Gamble Co’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.67. Procter & Gamble Co’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 48.73%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $867,000 Stake in Procter & Gamble Co (PG)” was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/30/westwood-holdings-group-inc-has-867000-stake-in-procter-gamble-co-pg.html. Several brokerages recently issued reports on PG. B. Riley reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $106.00 target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research note on Saturday, January 28th. Citigroup Inc raised their target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Co from $100.00 to $102.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 24th. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $101.00 target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research note on Thursday, March 16th. Vetr upgraded shares of Procter & Gamble Co from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $94.67 target price for the company in a research note on Wednesday. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $90.00 target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research note on Thursday, February 16th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have assigned a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $92.23. In other news, insider Marylynn Fergusonmchugh sold 61,208 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 22nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $91.56, for a total value of $5,604,204.48. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, insider Charles E. Pierce sold 55,909 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $91.70, for a total value of $5,126,855.30. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 297,547 shares of company stock worth $26,821,561 in the last 90 days. Corporate insiders own 0.35% of the company’s stock. Procter & Gamble Co Company Profile The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Top News Opinion Entertainment Taiwan Living Learn English E-Newsletter App International Edition Monday May 1, 2017 About Us App Advertise Contact Us Taiwan > National Foreign Community National Local Foreign Affairs China-Taiwan Relations Business Arts-Leisure Female cancer screening 'as easy as afternoon tea' The China Post  Monday, May 1, 2017, 12:16 am TWN SHARE CLOSE Blogger   Google+ Live Journal   Plurk Stumble Upon     Tweet A- A+ 中文 By Stephanie Chao -- In just six minutes, you can save a life. That continues to be Procter & Gamble's (P&G) slogan for its decadeslong campaign for gynecological cancer prevention. The theme was underlined this year by telling women that undergoing a cancer screening can be as quick and easy as a quick afternoon tea. Breast cancer has become the most common cancer among women in Taiwan, Vice Health Minister Tsai Sen-tien (蔡森田) said Sunday at an event marking the launch of this year's campaign. At least over 10,000 women in Taiwan are diagnosed every year with the disease, which takes the lives of approximately 2,000 of these women. Another deadly disease affecting females — cervical cancer — is the seventh most commonly diagnosed cancer in Taiwan, he said. Women aged over 30 should receive annual cervical cancer smear tests and those aged over 45 over are encouraged to receive annual checkups for breast cancer, the Health Ministry said earlier this year. Easy as Drinking Tea P&G's yearly gynecological cancer prevention campaign — of which the "Save a life in six minutes" slogan has become a household term — had a "princess afternoon tea" theme at this year's launch, playing on the fact that "tea" (茶) and "check" (查) in Mandarin. Elegant afternoon teas have become trendy among women in Taiwan in recent years. Barbara Liang, P&G's Deputy General Manager, Communications HK & TW, encouraged Taiwanese women to spend "the same time you take to drink a cup a tea" to get a screening. The longtime face of P&G's campaign, supermodel Lin Chih-ling (林志玲), took on the role as the "afternoon tea/checkup princess" and also urged women nationwide to go ahead and undergo cancer screening smear tests. "The princess-themed afternoon tea concept was thought up in hopes each woman will cherish their health," Lin said. Going through the cancer screening for breast cancer and cervical cancer is as fast as drinking afternoon tea, she said. While "princess" has become taken on some negative connotations in recent years, primarily due to the term being used to describe a spoiled, self-absorbed woman, Lin said she felt different. In her dictionary, Lin said, "princess" no longer referred to a dainty princess who lived entirely for a "prince charming," but rather an independent and adventurous princess like Mulan or a caring one like Elsa from "Frozen." "What's more important is that one must understand how to look after themselves," Lin said. "It's only when you're healthy and strong that you're able to look after other people too." Lin, who has served as the campaign's spokeswoman for over a decade, said that while the morality rate of cancers linked to women had significantly decreased in recent years, continual efforts to raise awareness among the society was a must. PREVIOUS ARTICLE Migrant workers say no to brokers, Ministry of Labor responds NEXT ARTICLE Gov't caught unawares by Gou-Trump White House meet Facebook Twitter Google+ Write a Comment Terms Enter your comments - 3000 characters max Type in image code  Receive our promos  Respond to this email Submit MOST POPULAR OF THIS SECTION 1 Taiwan becomes first country in Asia to ban eating of cat and dog meat 2 First in Asia: Taiwan bans eating of cats and dogs 3 Explorer: 4 things to do in Hualien that might surprise you 4 Man behind famous fish's death comes forward to face the music 5 U.S. police officer discovers pistol in bag on arrival in Taiwan 6 Government to raise tax on cigarettes by NT$20 per pack 7 Say hello to the new Taiwanese 8 The China Post to go paperless on May 15 9 Explorer: Taipei's top 4 bars with the best drinks 10 How Tai Tzu-ying conquered the world Subscribe  |   Advertise  |   RSS Feed  |   About Us  |   Career  |   Contact Us Sitemap  |   Top Stories  |   Taiwan  |   China  |   Business  |   Asia  |   World  |   Sports  |   Life  |   Arts & Leisure  |   Health  |   Editorial  |   Commentary Travel  |   Movies  |   TV Listings  |   Classifieds  |   Bookstore  |   Getting Around  |   Weather  |   Guide Post  |   Student Post  |   Terms of Use  |   Sitemap   Copyright © 1999 – 2017 The China Post. Breaking news from Taiwan, China and the world. News X Top Stories Taiwan China Business Asia World Sports Life Health Opinion X Editorial Commentary Entertainment X Movies & TV Arts & Leisure Discover Taiwan Travel Taiwain Living X Dream Catcher Eye On Taiwan Consumer Highlights TV Listings Classifieds Supplement Chinese Fables Getting Around Weather Learn English X Guide Post Bilingual News Student Post
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site Footer Site Search Site Map 2 Last updated: May 1, 2017 APlus Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian Home A Plus Digital Print Edition News Latest News The Nation The World Inquirer Investigations Health & Science Mind Games In Depth Photos Video Podcasts Opinion Columnists Letters Editorials Cartoons Cut & Paste World Commentary Strewth Blogs Business Review News Latest BusinessNow Opinion Companies Dataroom Markets Economics Margin Call Mining & Energy Wealth Aviation Financial Services Legal Affairs The Deal Wall Street Journal Business Spectator Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Broadcast Print Marketing Digital Tech Technology News Opinion Personal Tech Property Careers National Affairs Politics News Opinion Newspoll data State Politics Policy Climate Defence Foreign Affairs Immigration Education Industrial Relations Indigenous Health Treasury Sport Sport News Opinion Cricket Golf Football Rugby Union Tennis US Sports AFL NRL Motorsport Netball The Times Turf & Thoroughbreds Combat Sport Cycling Basketball Olympics Life Food & Wine Recipes Wine Halliday's Top 100 Hot 50 restaurants Home & Design Prestige Property Motoring Health & Wellbeing Personal Tech Travel Fashion Columnists Magazine Wish Tech Technology News Personal Tech Opinion Arts Arts News Opinion Books Film Stage Visual Arts Television Music Review Travel Higher Ed Higher Ed News Opinion Int'l Students University Rankings Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Print Broadcast Digital Marketing Property You have cookies turned off To use this website, cookies must be enabled in your browser. To enable cookies, follow the instructions for your browser below. Facebook App: Open links in External Browser There is a specific issue with the Facebook in-app browser intermittently making requests to websites without cookies that had previously been set. This appears to be a defect in the browser which should be addressed soon. The simplest approach to avoid this problem is to continue to use the Facebook app but not use the in-app browser. This can be done through the following steps: Open the settings menu by clicking the hamburger menu in the top right Choose “App Settings” from the menu Turn on the option “Links Open Externally” (This will use the device’s default browser) Windows Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 9 Open the Internet Browser Click Tools (or “gear” icon at top right hand corner) > Internet Options > Privacy > Advanced Check Override automatic cookie handling For First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies click Accept Click OK and OK Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 10, 11 Open the Internet Browser Click the Tools button, and then click Internet Options. Click the Privacy tab, and then, under Settings, move the slider to the bottom to allow all cookies, and then click OK. Click OK Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy < Use custom settings for history Check Accept cookies from sites Check Accept third party cookies Select Keep until: they expire Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Click Tools icon Or type in Go to chrome://settings/ to the URL window, hit enter Click ‘Advanced settings’ > Select Privacy > Content settings Check ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘Done’ Mac Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Firefox > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘History’ select Firefox will: ‘Use custom settings for history’ Check ‘Accept cookies from sites’ and then check ‘Accept third-party cookies’ Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Chrome > Preferences Click ‘Show advanced settings…’ at the bottom. Under Privacy select ‘Content settings…’ Under ‘Cookies’ select ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘OK’ Enabling Cookies in Safari In Safari Safari > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘Block cookies’ check ‘Never’ Enabling Cookies in Mobile Safari (iPhone, iPad) Go to the Home screen by pressing the Home button or by unlocking your phone/iPad Select the Settings icon. Select Safari from the settings menu. Select ‘accept cookies’ from the safari menu. Select ‘from visited’ from the accept cookies menu. Press the home button to return the the iPhone home screen. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Before the cookie settings change will take effect, Safari must restart. To restart Safari press and hold the Home button (for around five seconds) until the iPhone/iPad display goes blank and the home screen appears. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. You are currently using private or incognito browsing mode so you’ll need to log in every time you visit The Australian Tap here for more information X A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Back to top Login Subscribe Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian NewsFlash NewsFlash App Store Daily Edition Daily Edition iTunes Daily Edition Google Play Terms of Use Editorial Code of conduct Standards of Practice Subscription terms Group Subscription Terms Accessibility Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy Contact Us Help Contact Us info Photo Sales News Archive About Us About The Australian Advertise with us Our journalists Subscribe The Australian Plus member benefits Sign up to Newsletters Manage Your Newsletters Copyright The Australian. All times AEST (GMT +10:00) Powered by WordPress.com VIP The Australian doesn't play nicely with your current browser. Please take a moment to upgrade to the latest version. Internet Explorer v10 or later Upgrade now
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu Canberra Times Business Login Sign-up Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business Public Service World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Cars Travel Tech Video All News ACT News ACT Election 2016 National Environment Health Education Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News Queensland WA News Sport ACT Sport NRL Union AFL Cricket Racing Soccer Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Letters Editorials Obituaries View from the Street Blunt Instrument Satire Movies Music TV Guide TV & Radio Art Books Stage Video News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist The Store News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Markets Quotes Federal Budget 2017 Workplace Consumer Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Property Innovation Indices Market Movers Sectors Currencies Live 52 Week Highs 52 Week Lows Floats & IPOs Home Business Markets Live Save Print License article Markets Live: ASX yo-yos towards 6000 Patrick Commins Follow on Twitter 297 reading now facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Fluctuating interest in the big banks explained an up-and-down session on the ASX, but in the end investors shook off a shaky start to push firmly higher and within 50 points of 6000 points. The major lenders are expected to unveil more that $15b in profits in the coming days More evidence house price growth in Sydney and Melbourne slowed over April Footwear retailer RCG Corp plunges on an earnings downgrade Investors are similarly unimpressed with a sales downgrade from Mayne Pharma Sort posts by Newest Oldest 4:43pm That's it for Markets Live today. Thanks for reading and your comments.        See you all again tomorrow morning from 9. 4:43pm If the Reserve Bank was still retaining its narrow focus on keeping inflation between 2 and 3 per cent per annum, it would be cutting interest rates at its May meeting on Tuesday. Futures traders and economists are almost certain it won't, and will, instead, keep rates steady for the ninth straight month when it meets tomorrow. Market economists are glad for the RBA's ability to look beyond inflation rates when setting the interest rate – though opinions differ on what exactly it should be focusing on. The domestic economic is growing, but still weak. And the currency is still high – factors that some say should lead the RBA to cut rates. But record-low interest rates, others argue, have added oomph to booming housing markets in Sydney and Melbourne, leading them to conclude raising interest rates would be the most effective way to address this. "I think they should be cutting," said Market Economics' Stephen Koukoulas, an economic adviser to former prime minister Julia Gillard. "We had confirmation last week that underlying inflation has been stuck below the bottom of the target band for what, 18 months, and shows few signs of picking up. "We've got no prospect of underlying inflation moving into the target. "Add to that unemployment edging up, underemployment high, retail sales weak ... to me those criteria would suggest that we need lower rates." If the RBA were solely concerned with inflation-targeting, it would be cutting to 1 per cent, said Capital Economics' chief Australia/New Zealand economist Paul Dales. The Australian economy, he said, would benefit from a lower currency.  "One thing [RBA] governor [Philip] Lowe has communicated effectively is his growing concerns about financial stability. That's why economists are thinking on these lines – governor Lowe himself said he's concerned about dealing with a mess in five years' time when the housing market pops. "I think interest rates should be around where they are – and should stay there for a long time. It's not an ideal situation ... but now is not the right time to keep going [at inflation]." Read more. Housing prices, which have in Sydney doubled since 2009 and are contributing to high indebtedness of some households - a topic RBA Governor Philip Lowe is due to give a speech about on Thursday. Photo: Bloomberg 4:38pm Shares have ended at the session's high and now within 50 points of the elusive 6000-point level after news late morning suggested US congress had managed a deal that would avoid a government shutdown helped push Wall St futures higher and helped the ASX overcome its early wobbles. OK, that's a long lede, but stay with us. The ASX 200 added 32 points or 0.5 per cent to 5956, preparing for another assault on the 6000-mark - a threshold it tried and failed to overcome on four different occasions some 2 years ago. Its looking increasingly likely the banks will push us over the brink thanks to what are expected to be strong earnings numbers in the coming days. They moved in and out of favour this morning before ultimately pushing higher: Westpac added 0.7 per cent, ANZ 0.6 per cent, NAB 0.3 per cent and CBA 0.1 per cent. Macquarie added 1.2 per cent. Only one in four of the top 200 names were lower, reflecting the day's gains was more than a financial sector story. Telstra's 0.9 per cent gain was a help, as was a 1.4 per cent jump in Wesfarmers and a more modest 0.6 per cent gain. BHP added 0.7 per cent, but Rio and Fortescue lost 1 per cent. South32 fell 2.2 per cent. Mayne Pharma was the worst performer in the top 200 after announcing lower than expected sales from its generic drugs portfolio. Outside the bigger names, footwear retailer RCG Corp plunged 27 per cent on an earnings downgrade. Winners and losers today in the top 200. Photo: Bloomberg 4:18pm In our latest instalment of "healthcare stocks behaving badly" (allegedly): Australia's largest private hospital operator Ramsay Health Care is being accused of threatening to reduce surgeons' access to operating theatres in Coffs Harbour if they became involved with a competitor. Competition regulator ACCC brought a Federal Court claim against Ramsay on Monday, alleging misuse of market power and exclusive dealing. ACCC alleges when Ramsay became aware that a group of Coffs Harbour surgeons were planning to establish a competing private day surgery facility in Coffs Harbour, senior Ramsay executives told these surgeons if they became involved with the competitor Ramsay would substantially reduce or withdraw their access to operating theatre time at Baringa Hospital. It is alleged the surgeons suspended their plans to establish a competing day surgery as a result of Ramsay executives' threats. Ramsay operates Baringa Private Hospital and the Coffs Harbour Day Surgery, the only private hospital and private day surgery facilities in the Coffs Harbour region. "New independent day surgeries in other areas have increased competition, reduced waiting lists and costs, delivered greater choice, and improved access to surgical procedures. It is vital to ensure such competition is not stamped out by established operators," ACCC chairman Rod Sims said. "Misuse of market power and other anti-competitive practices can cause significant harm to consumers, other businesses, and the competitive process more generally, which is why we believe this is an important case for us to take," he said. ACCC is seeking pecuniary penalties, declarations, compliance program orders and legal costs against Ramsay. Ramsay said in an ASX statement it intends to vigorously defend the matter. "As the matter is now before the court, Ramsay will not be making any further comment ont he allegations other than as required to keep the market informed in accordance with its continuous disclosure obligations." Ramsay shares fell 1.4 per cent today to $70.70. 3:37pm Mayne Pharma buried its bad news a long way back in its presentation to investors today but when shareholders caught on their reaction was sharp. The company's shares plunged more than 10 per cent after it revealed sales for a flagship suite of US generic drugs would not meet guidance. The news was buried on on page 107 of a 110-page oupdate released to coincide with an investor day the company was holding today. The company said in the investor update that tougher generic drug pricing was behind the revised guidance for the suite of drugs called the Teva portfolio. Mayne bought the portfolio of drugs from pharmaceutical giant Teva Pharmaceuticals last year for $845 million. The aquisition saw Mayne's first-half profit soar 278 per cent to $72.7 million in February. Mayne, which is worth more than $1.8 billion, re-affirmed its full-year profit guidance only a few weeks ago during its first half results in February. Chief executive Scott Richards said at the time that the outlook for the group "continues to be positive with significant growth opportunities from recent acquisitions, new product launches, further business development activities and transaction-related revenue and cost synergies." He said the generic product division would benefit in the second half from a full six-months' contribution from the Teva product acquisition. Mayne shares also dived in December on the back of a US price fixing lawsuit. The civil complaint filed by 20 US states accuses six companies – including Teva and Mayne – of conspiring to artificially inflate prices on an antibiotic and a diabetes drug. Mayne Pharma boss Scott Richards. The company's bad news was buried at the end of a 110-page update. Photo: Josh Robenstone Back to top 3:10pm US House and Senate negotiators reached a tentative bipartisan deal on Sunday night (Monday AEDT) on a $US1.1 trillion bill to keep the government open until the end of September, according to Republican and Democratic aides. GOP leaders eager to focus on health care and tax overhauls bowed to Democratic demands to eliminate hundreds of policy restrictions aimed at curbing regulations from the bill, leaving the Trump administration with few victories. The White House sought funding to begin building the border wall, a well as $18 billion in cuts to domestic agencies, and both demands were rebuffed. The spending deal includes money for Planned Parenthood, despite Republican demands to defund the group over its provision of abortions. The deal's provisions were described by aides on condition of anonymity ahead of a formal announcement. President Donald Trump will be able to point to a $15 billion boost for the Pentagon, although $2.5 billion of that money is contingent on the administration delivering a new plan to fight Islamic State. Trump also will get a $1.5 billion for border security, but it can't be used for the border wall or additional Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents, according to a congressional aide. There are also no new restrictions on money going to so-called sanctuary cities that don't fully enforce federal immigration laws. "This agreement is a good agreement for the American people, and takes the threat of a government shutdown off the table," Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer said on Sunday night in a statement. "The bill ensures taxpayer dollars aren't used to fund an ineffective border wall, excludes poison pill riders, and increases investments in programs that the middle-class relies on, like medical research, education, and infrastructure." Donald Trump will be able to point to a $15 billion boost for the Pentagon. Photo: AP 2:33pm The backer of a Chinese joint-venture in advanced talks with Quintis to become its new preferred buyer in China is a former director of the Australian sandalwood grower. Graeme Scott has held board seats on Quintis' finance arm Arwon Finance, Quintis Forestry, Quintis Leasing and the parent Quintis, which was known as TFS at the time. Those directorships concluded in 2005 and 2006 and he remains a shareholder of the Perth-based group. Mr Scott is one of the parties behind a joint venture in China that is in negotiations with Quintis to become potentially its biggest buyer in China, following a disclosure in March that Quintis' largest buyer had yet to place an order this year amid a crackdown on duty avoidance by mainland importers. In an update on Monday, Quintis told shareholders that it struck an agreement with a mystery plantation investor at the eleventh hour to extend the life of a put option worth more than $30 million. The put, which if exercised forces Quintis to buy back immature sandalwood trees off the investor at a fixed price of previously $33.9 million, was due to expire on April 30. It is the second time it has been rolled over. Under the new terms, and "in light of the current corporate activity", it can be exercised between either July 10 to 14, or December 11 to 15 this year. If the investor exercises their option in the July window, the value of the contract is unchanged. If the investor elects to exercise in December, the value of the put increases by 6.25 per cent, a sweetener of 15 per cent on the equivalent annual rate. Quintis became a target of intense short selling when a contested research report published by US hedge fund Glaucus argued that Quintis shares were worth zero and likened the business to a Ponzi scheme, claims that the company consistently disputes. The subsequent fall in its share price was followed by the exit of its founder and chief executive Frank Wilson, who declared a plan to partner with a backer and take back the company. 1:57pm In an up-and-down day the ASX is once again pushing higher, with fluctuating interest in the major lenders accounting for much of the action. The ASX 200 is up 17 points, or by 0.3 per cent, to 5941. As mentioned, the big four banks are the swing factor. After starting all higher, they copped some selling later in the morning but are now mixed.  Westpac and ANZ are up a touch, NAB is flat, while CBA is off 0.3 per cent. Rio and Fortescue are down, but BHP has climbed. South32 is down 2 per cent, Wesfarmers is recovering from its trading update last week, up 1.7 per cent, while Woolies is 0.3 per cent ahead. One of the worst performers is Mayne Pharma, down 10 per cent as it lowered it sales guidance in its Teva generic drugs business. 1:50pm The flood of Israeli-based start-ups listing on the ASX is showing no signs of abating, with secure communications technology company Elsight the latest planning to go public on the exchange. The company is raising $6.5 million at 20¢ a share and a valuation of $18.17 million. It has met with a range of institutional investors and family offices on a roadshow in Australia this month. It joins the likes of Israeli firms Votiro Cybersec and CyberGym which are also listing on the ASX this year. Chief executive and co-founder Nir Gabay said the stock market in Israel was "weak", so firms had started looking for other options. "The next option was the NASDAQ, but you need to be a $1 billion company to list there, then you look at Hong Kong, but even then you need to be a $150 million company," he said. "But there is a good relationship between the ASX and Israel, so that was the best option for us." As part of the listing, Elsight has created a new Elsight Limited Australia company which will acquire the assets of Elsight Israel. The Israeli company is already profitable, having made a net profit of $US98,000 ($131,000) for the full year to December 31 and $US932,000 in revenue. Elsight's technology is designed for in-the-field communications and allows video and other data streams to be sent securely over multiple networks simultaneously, increasing bandwidth and allowing video to be streamed from the other side of the world in almost real time. It works by splitting the data into packages, encrypting these and then transmitting them via multiple sim cards, WiFi, LAN or radio networks and then reassembling it at the other end. The company was founded in 2009 by Mr Gabay and Roee Kashi, with the men having come from the Israeli special forces and military intelligence. Until recently Elsight had been prevented from selling internationally by the Israeli government. Elsight currently has customers in Israel, South Africa, Singapore, Vietnam and Malaysia. The capital raised through the listing will go towards research and development, as well as marketing, as it expands into other industries such as logistics, transport and media. Elsight co-founders Roee Kashi and Nir Gabay are taking the company public on the ASX. Photo: Paul Jeffers 1:17pm "It always feels odd talking in 't's and 'trillions' not 'b's and 'billions'," Duncan Burns says. "But we never lose sight of the fact that its our clients' money and they have entrusted us to manage it."   The former Wall Street investment banker and hedge fund trader probably oversees more money than just about any portfolio manager in Australia, but he's an unlikely subject for a profile. If Burns has any views on the market, compelling stock tips or diatribes about the stupidity of central bankers and politicians, he's not willing to share them. Instead, Vanguard's head trader wants to talk about how he and his team invest and trade hundreds of billions of dollars trying to track the region's stock market indices at the lowest cost. Last year he said, his team traded $100 billion of stocks in the region. "If we can save one basis point through more efficient trading on that $100 billion, that's $10 million saved in investors' accounts, right where it belongs." The one dominant trend in funds management is how every day, billions of dollars are given up on trying to beat the market, and moving from active funds to lower-cost passive funds. Vanguard, by virtue of its ultra low costs, has captured much of this flow and has swelled its assets under management to $5.4 trillion, of which $2.9 trillion are tracking equity indices around the world. The portfolio managers and traders based in Melbourne are responsible for $93 billion of funds across the Asia-Pacific region. As Burns explains, they're some of the toughest and highest cost equity markets in the world and when the objective is to track the stock market at the lowest possible cost. It's a daily challenge. "Indexing is really simple to understand and implement. However, it requires a lot of behind-the-scenes work to execute well. "The benchmark indices are calculated without the frictional cost of transacting in the real world – so right out of the gate we are behind as an indexing community." Read more at the AFR. Vanguard portfolio manager Duncan Burns doesn't give stock tips. Photo: Pat Scala Back to top 12:44pm Footwear retailer RCG Corp has slashed full-year profit guidance by 11 per cent – the second downgrade in three months – after sales of brands such as Skechers, Vans and Doc Martens remained weak in March and April. RCG, which owns Hype DC, The Accent Group and The Athletes Foot, now expects underlying EBITDA for the year ending June to come in between $74 million and $80 million, compared with $60 million in 2016. RCG shares have plunged 19 per cent to 67¢ in early trade on Monday, taking losses since February to 50 per cent. RCG cut its guidance in February from $90 million to between $85 million and $88 million after like-for-like sales at Hype went backwards in the eight weeks after Christmas and sales growth slowed in the Accent division.  RCG's co-chief executive Hilton Brett said trading conditions had been challenging in the last two months, confirming anecdotal reports that discretionary spending had remained lacklustre since consumers snapped their handbags closed after Christmas. Mr Brett said like-for-like sales in the Accent Retail and Hype business in March and April were flat. Whilst this was an improvement on trading between Boxing Day and mid-February, when Hype like-for-like sales fell 2.8 per cent, sales had not met management's expectations. The Athlete's Foot failed to grow sales, despite gains at rival chains such as Super Retail Group's Rebel Sport, while same-store sales at RCG's vertical retail business had fallen 5 per cent since mid-February and wholesale sales were below expectations. The latest downgrade is likely to fuel fears that the athleisure trend has peaked after five years of strong growth. "The slowing sales that RCG is experiencing are in line with our view that the growth rates experienced by athleisure footwear will moderate as the cycle matures," Citigroup's small cap consumer analyst Sam Teeger said in a recent report. The struggles at RCG Group may have to do with the waning of the athleisure trend more broadly. Photo: BrettHemmings.com 12:37pm Chinese gas distributor ENN and private equity firm Hony Capital now jointly hold a 12.81 per cent of embattled oil and gas group Santos after ENN revealedtoday that it was "acting in concert" with Hony. The move comes just days before the Santos annual general meeting scheduled to be held on Thursday. ENN, which is itself controlled by Chinese billionaire Wang Yusuo, became a big shareholder in Santos in March 2016 when it bought an 11.7 per cent stake, which had previously been held by Hony Capital. Hony bought up extra shares of its own accord in late 2016 and there has been much speculation in the market that the two had been working in unison. That has now been formalised by the Chinese duo, with the signing of an "Acting in Concert" agreement, which stretches for the next 24 months. There has been speculation from time to time about whether the Chinese firms may eventually seek more control of Santos. Hony originally became a shareholder in late 2015 when it took up a large chunk of shares in Santos as part of a share placement and equity raising. That capital raising and placement followed the rejection by the Santos board of a separate $7 billion takeover bid by an entity called Scepter Partners which was backed by the royal families of Brunei and the United Arab Emirates. ENN in late 2016 sent a letter to Santos chairman Peter Coates expressing annoyance at being denied a seat on the board after it pushed for a directorships because of its large holding. A substantial shareholder notice lodged with the ASX on Monday showed that ENN's stake in Santos was now 12.81 per cent, up from 11.82 per cent in the previous notice given by ENN to the ASX on May 2, 2016. Santos has been under the pump in the past week because Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull is putting in place by July 1 a mechanism which will allow for the imposition of export controls to be placed on selected gas companies when there there is a shortfall of gas supply in the domestic market. Santos shares are 0.7 per cent lower at $3.46, and have plunged by more than a quarter of the past 12 months. Chinese gas distributor ENN now holds 12.81 per cent of Santos. Photo: Supplied 11:51am Prices in Sydney and Melbourne slowed in April mainly due to falls in apartment prices, but more data is needed before a cooling is confirmed, CoreLogic said in its April Hedonic Home Value Index. There was no increase in Sydney's overall house price in April while Melbourne's house price rose a small 0.5 per cent. Canberra posted the largest fall in prices among the capital cities of 2.8 per cent.  "The two hottest housing markets in the nation have shown signs of slowing down in April, with the CoreLogic Hedonic Home Value Index recording a rise of just 0.1 per cent over April, the lowest month-on-month rise in capital city dwelling values since December 2015," head of research Tim Lawless said. "The moderation in growth was due largely to a slightly negative April result in Australia's largest capital city housing market, Sydney, where dwelling values were broadly flat over the month." "The market is slowing down but we need to see a few more months before we make a a conclusion that the market has peaked. It's [still] coming down from such a high base." "We need to be cautious in calling a peak in the market after only one month of soft results. April, in particular, coincides with seasonal factors including Easter, school holidays and ANZAC day long weekend." Mr Lawless classified the fall in prices in Canberra and even a rise in prices in Darwin as "noise". But the impact of APRA's tightening on investor loans should not be disregarded although property agents said the impact of cooling measures would take time and over several months. "The softer results should also be viewed against a backdrop of an ever evolving regulatory landscape s which is firmly aimed at slowing investment and interest-only mortgage lending," Mr Lawless added. "Testament to this is mortgage rates which have been edging higher, particularly for investors and interest-only loans, as well as rental yields which have been hovering around record lows. The higher cost of debt, as well as stricter lending and servicing criteria, has likely dented investment demand over recent months." Sydney house prices have risen more than 70 per cent since 2012, but there has been a slowdown in April.  Photo: Wolter Peeters 11:30am Photo: The Wall Street Journal A year ago, many investors had given up on Apple, whose stock price had fallen more than 30 per cent from its 2015 peak. Apple's once-unstoppable growth had come to a crashing halt: the number of iPhones sold was down 13 per cent, and the company posted its first revenue decline in 13 years. Today, Apple's business remains sluggish, but that hasn't stopped investors, including the famously tech-averse Warren Buffett, from falling in love with it again. Shares of the tech giant - the most valuable company in the United States by market value - have repeatedly hit new highs this year. On Friday, they closed at $US143.65, up nearly 60 per cent from last May's trough. What's driving the stock, say sceptics and fans alike, is hope - hope that the new iPhones due in September, after the 10th anniversary of the original iPhone's introduction, will be dazzling enough to inspire existing iPhone users to upgrade and prompt others to switch from Android phones made by Samsung, Huawei and other manufacturers. "Everyone expects Apple to cure cancer with their next product launch," said Kevin Landis, chief executive of Firsthand Funds, who has managed tech-focused mutual funds through many ups and downs. Investors will get more data about Apple's performance, and perhaps some clues about its future, on Tuesday (US time), when the company reports its results for the financial quarter that ended in March. Analysts expect the company to report a slight increase in iPhone sales and overall revenue. Meanwhile, The Wall Street Journal says Apple is expected to report that its stockpile of cash has topped a quarter of a trillion [US] dollars, an unrivaled corporate hoard that is greater than the market value of both Wal-Mart and Procter & Gamble and exceeds the combined foreign-currency reserves held by the UK and Canada combined. Apple is expected to make more updates in its next high-end iPhone, including a high-resolution screen that covers the phone's entire face. But the company has also suggested that much of its future growth will come from services like Apple Music, Apple Pay and the cut that Apple takes from application sales and subscriptions in the app store. Read more. 11:11am Chinese investment in Australia is at its highest point since the 2008 global financial crisis, according to a new report which shows deals in the energy sector topped those in mining for the first time last year. Despite uncertainly around foreign investment rules, Chinese companies pumped $15.4 billion into Australian deals last year with commercial property, infrastructure and agriculture the most popular. Now in its sixth year the report, Demystifying Chinese Investment in Australia, found that mining, once the backbone of the investment relationship, had dropped to sixth place with deals worth $839 million last year, down 35 per cent from 2015.  Co-author of the report, Doug Ferguson from KPMG, said Australia's investment relationship with China continued to diversity with a record number of deals in 2016, while more of these than ever before were done by private companies. Just under half the value of Chinese investment in Australia last year was conducted by private companies, although many of these would have received financing from state-owned banks and retained strong links to Beijing. "Despite the impact of uncertainties about Australia's foreign investment review regime, Chinese investment ... continued to diversity and records were smashed," said Mr Ferguson. He said Chinese investment in Australia was starting to "mature" and that parties from the mainland accepted they often needed to form local joint ventures and take minority stakes for high profile deals. This attitude saw property develop Shanghai CRED team-up with Gina Reinehart and accept a minority stake in the purchase of the Kidman cattle empire. But while Australia retains its second place behind the United States in the aggregate value of Chinese investment since 2007, another of the report's co-authors warns that others were catching up. While forecasting strong outbound investment over the longer term, the reported noted efforts by Beijing to moderate capital outflows to keep the yuan relatively strong may impact deals this year. "Real estate, hotels, films, entertainment and sports clubs are among the industries singled out as exhibiting a tendency for 'irrational' overseas investments," the report said. "This is expected to impact investment flows to these sectors in the future." Chinese investment in Australia is at its highest point since the 2008 global financial crisis, according to a new report. Photo: Rolex Dela Pena Back to top 10:33am Shares have shaken off a soft overseas lead to open firmly higher in early trade as investors bet on solid bank results amid a broad uplift. The ASX 200 is up 21 points or 0.3 per cent at 5945 points. Investors are still happy to push banks higher ahead of earnings numbers, Westpac up 0.4 per cent, while ANZ and CBA have added 0.3 per cent. NAB is only marginally higher, while Macquarie continues to push towards its pre-GFC highs, adding another 1.3 per cent. Gains in Woolies, Wesfarmers, Tesltra and CSL are all bolstering the index as it climbs towards 6000 points. Mining and energy stocks are the drags, with BHP off 0.2 per cent, Rio down 0.3 per cent and Rio 1.2 per cent despite Friday night's strong increase in spot iron ore prices. Yesterday's weaker than expected Chinese factory activity indicator may have had something to do with the weakness for the sector. South32 is down 0.5 per cent. In energy, Origin's 1 per cent drop, Santos's 0.7 per cent loss and Oil Search's 0.6 per cent is weighing against the morning's gains. Among the morning's biggest movers is Platinum Asset Mgt, which has dropped 4.4 per cent, while gold miners feature strongly in the best performers. Winners and losers in the ASX 200 this morning. Photo: Bloomberg 10:07am The combined profits of Australia's big four banks likely exceeded $15 billion in the first half, as lenders started to benefit from a round of late 2016 interest rate hikes and strong home loan growth. Big four investors have enjoyed share price gains of more than 6 per cent so far this year, and half-year results from three of the big four in the coming weeks are expected to show profits also ground higher across the industry. Even so, there remains a question mark about whether NAB and Westpac can sustain their dividends, as the industry prepares for looming rules that may force lenders to set aside billions more in capital. ANZ will kick off the half-year bank reporting season tomorrow, with analysts tipping a $3.5 billion cash profit in the six months to March, and a flat interim dividend of 80¢ a share. NAB on Thursday is tipped to deliver earnings of $3.25 billion and also keep its dividend flat. Macquarie Group, whose share price last week closed at $93, not far off its 2007 record high of $97.10, is tipped to deliver a full-year profit of more than $2.1 billion on Friday. That would exceed last year's record of $2.06 billion for the investment bank, which will be among the biggest local winners from promised company tax cuts in the United States. Next week, Westpac's profits are expected to exceed $4 billion and CBA, which reports on June financial year, will post a quarterly update, after it notched up half-year profits of $4.84 billion in February. Profits have likely grown across the industry on the back of housing credit growth of 6.5 per cent in the last six months, analysts believe, propelled by higher house prices in Melbourne and Sydney. There are few signs of distress in banks' loan books, and a round of interest rate hikes targeted at property investors in late 2016 may have also helped earnings. "We expect near-term earnings to be well supported by mortgage repricing benefits, investor-led credit growth, benign credit environment and solid trading income," said Macquarie analyst Victor German. Read more. The market expects solid profit growth when half-year results from ANZ, NAB and Westpac are delivered in May. Photo: Paul Rovere 9:56am on 1 May 2017 Late last week the S&P 500 volatility index, or VIX, hit its lowest level since 2014, and its second lowest level this decade. "The Vix has plummeted below 11, just as we see the big drivers of the rally beginning to lose steam. Indeed, our derivatives strategy team recently noted that several asset classes were pricing a 'world almost free of risk'," a Bank of America Merrill Lynch strategist said in a note late last week. One of your Eds wrote on the topic over the weekend: After years of falling interest rates and central bank support investors have become comfortable buying high and selling higher. Perhaps it's a new bubble: in complacency. What will pop it is anyone's guess. Investors are quick to shrug off worries – France is so last week – and are prepared to buy high in order to sell higher. This is classic bullish behaviour. No surprise there; we are, after all, in a global bull market. Apparently there is no obvious reason for investors to make any dramatic portfolio decisions. Sure, equities are pricey, as are most assets after years of falling rates and central bank bond-buying. But the European Union is not about to break up now that we've decided Le Pen has no chance of winning the second round of French voting. And the global growth upswing is still looking solid. Meanwhile Reuters numbers tell us that listed US companies are having their best quarter of profits since 2011. A global fund manager recently told me that his biggest worry, at least over the short term, was the potential for a big policy mistake in China. The Chinese government has plenty of levers it can pull to maintain growth and stability. The real concern, this fundie said, is that it will pull the wrong ones, or perhaps the right one at the wrong time. That said, a slump on the Shanghai bourse in recent weeks has barely registered globally, despite the falls being driven by a regulatory crackdown on leverage in the Chinese sharemarket. Granted the losses in mainland Chinese shares are not too dramatic, but they have been out of step with the rest of the emerging world, as well as the pro-risk mood more broadly. It suggests investors are not as worried as they were in late 2015 and into 2016 when ham-handed policy interventions sparked a massive wave of anxiety across global markets. Read more at The Financial Review. Investors are apparently not worried about anything much, according to the VIX.  9:44am on 1 May 2017 SPONSORED POST There's something for everyone in markets this week, writes IG strategist Chris Weston: The ASX 200 financial sub-sector needs to hold and build on its break of 7000 and from here make an assault on the 2015 highs which is a mere 2.8% away. Interestingly, the all-time high for the sub-index (from 2007) sits 7.8% away, which seems far more attainable than the broader ASX 200, which needs to appreciate 15.6% to print a new all-time high. The idea of "sell in May and go away" is certainly being talked about, but let's not forget last May the ASX 200 gained 2.4% and despite the average loss over the past decade being 1.6%, most of that can be explained by poor monthly performances in the years between 2010 and 2013. June is actually a far worse month historically to be holding ASX 200 exposure, falling 2.2% on average. We have central bank meetings from the RBA, the Federal Reserve and for FX traders one can also look at the Norges Bank. We have the Fed funds futures pricing at 64% chance of a June hike (from the Federal Reserve), but that pricing mechanism could also easily change given we have pretty much key piece of US economic data being released. Here we see ISM manufacturing (tonight at midnight), core PCE, vehicle sales, services ISM and non-farm payrolls on Friday (consensus 190,000 jobs). We also have the small affair of the French presidential elections on Sunday, and while many see this as a fait accompli, some are showing concern that Nicolas Dupont-Aignan, a first round candidate, has formally endorsed Marine Le Pen and this may provide her with a few extra votes. The market doesn't seem too concerned by this though and still see a fairly comfortable victory for Macron, with implied volatility still subdued and EUR/USD nicely supported into $1.0850. Read more. Play Video Replay Video Will bank earnings drive the ASX 200 towards 6000? With ANZ, NAB, MQG and WBC all reporting earnings in the days ahead, will the numbers and outlook breathe further life into a sector that is clearly outperforming. (This video was produced in commercial partnership between Fairfax Media and IG Markets). 9:37am on 1 May 2017 Photo: CBA Growth in China's manufacturing sector slowed faster than expected in April, an official survey showed on Sunday, as producer price rises lost steam and authorities moved to tackle risks in the property market and credit growth. The official Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) fell to 51.2 in April from the previous month's 51.8, which was the strongest reading since April 2012. Analysts polled by Reuters had predicted a reading of 51.6, the ninth straight month above the 50-point mark that separates growth from contraction on a monthly basis. Growth in China's services sector slowed slightly to 54.0 in April, compared with the previous month's reading of 55.1, which was the highest since May 2014. Despite the lower PMI figure, the "drivers of industrial recovery remain intact", CBA China and Asia economist Wei Li said. "We expect industrial production growth to register 6.9 per cent year-on-year in April, compared with an average growth rate of 6.8 per cent in Q1," Li wrote. China's economy grew a faster-than-expected 6.9 percent in the first quarter, boosted by higher government infrastructure spending and a gravity-defying property boom. Chinese leaders have pledged to shift the emphasis to addressing financial risks and asset bubbles, which analysts say pose a threat to the world's second-largest economy if not handed well. President Xi Jinping last week called for increased efforts to ward off systemic risks to help maintain financial security, the official Xinhua news agency reported. Some analysts believe China's economic growth may have peaked in the first quarter but that it's on track to hit a target of around 6.5 per cent this year. CBA's Li is more bullish, forecasting the country's GDP to expand by 6.8 per cent in 2017 - the same pace as last year. China's producer price inflation cooled for the first time in seven months in March as iron ore and coal prices tumbled, while property sales growth slowed in the first quarter despite robust property investment. Back to top Search pagination Current page Live Article Posts1 Next Live Article Posts2 Share via Email Post on facebook wall Share on Google Plus Share on twitter Post to Linkedin Share on Reddit 1 new post(s) available. View post(s) Dismiss Advertisement 115 comments Comment are now closed Sort comments by Oldest Newest HuffPost Australia Ways To Turn A Passion Business Into A ... Contains: External link Your 'Big Bang Theory' Faves Get Raises ... Contains: External link Most Popular $267m bonanza: Google CEO doubles his pay 'Don't cry poor': Unis to have budgets cut, student fees to rise Federal Court kicks the rear end of Kick Ass Torrent sites Morrison says housing 'scalpel' already working Pushing up prices may help home buyers Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow Canberra Times Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business 'Don't cry poor': Unis to have budgets cut, student fees to rise $267m bonanza: Google CEO doubles his pay Surplus, AAA rating at risk in homebuyer-friendly budget Pushing up prices may help home buyers Ignore performance reviews, PR and ditch HR: Words of wisdom from Computershare founder Chris Morris Canberra Times Latham's libertarian love-in: 'No matter what I say, you can't kick me out' Former public servant warns of hidden cost of Nationals' public service 'bush push' Former ACT parliamentarian dies in motorcycle crash Lucy Sugerman one step closer to becoming 'The Voice' Canberra light rail: Options for stage two route to Woden revealed The Sydney Morning Herald Adelaide woman Cassandra Sainsbury arrested with drugs in Colombia An escort tells: the day I got a call from the wife of my client How a Sydney school solved the homework problem Student stabbed in eye at Sydney high school $267m bonanza: Google CEO doubles his pay The Age Losing my religion for equality New $18m Alphington path for safe cycling accessible only via dangerous road ATO puts a roof over Williams crime clan Adelaide woman Cassandra Sainsbury arrested with drugs in Colombia 'Don't cry poor': Unis to have budgets cut, student fees to rise Brisbane Times Brisbane man barred from suing in Queensland An escort tells: the day I got a call from the wife of my client Amber alert mother: Qld health system 'just don’t care about our children' 'Don't cry poor': Unis to have budgets cut, student fees to rise MKR winners Amy and Tyson reveal how they took home the 2017 crown WA Today Long-awaited Ellenbrook train line back onto State Government's agenda Perth radio station claims Dockers star Nat Fyfe has agreed deal to Saints WA's fastest-selling suburbs revealed as house prices take another hit WA syndicate wins big in Saturday Lotto draw Two dead in horror Gingin crash Canberra Times Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters Canberra Times Photos Canberra Times Sitemap Subscriptions Contact Us Advertise With Us Sponsorship Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Place a free ad CT Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Domain Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Allhomes Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Channels  Music  Style  Pop Culture  Sports  Sneakers  Life  Videos  Shop  Shuffle More from Complex  GO90  Rated Red  First We Feast  Pigeons & Planes  Collider  Sole Collector  Green Label  Ride Channel SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER   Sports Sports NY Jets Safety Jamal Adams Isn't Flashy, But He Likes a Little 'Pop' Share Tweet NY Jets Safety Jamal Adams Isn't Flashy, But He Likes a Little 'Pop' By Dria Roland Send sneakers + invites @DreeTV Apr 29, 2017 Share Tweet In his first news conference after being selected sixth overall by the New York Jets, Jamal Adams took the opportunity to establish himself as the most swagged-out rookie in the league. Taking the podium in a double-breasted, tan, windowpane suit, Adams declared, "I am the best dressed here tonight. For me to sit here and say I wasn't the best dressed, I would be lying to you."  He planned it, he told us. Just like he wagered that he'd be drafted higher than his father, a former first-round pick for the Giants. And so, the excitement you'd expect on draft day from a man whose life was about to tremendously change was tempered with the poise that comes from having predicted—and worked for—this moment his whole life. The confident safety, who entered the draft after three seasons at LSU, already had plans for his first check as well: "This one right here, I am not spending. My first NFL check is going straight to Chase Bank."  Complex spoke with Adams in Philly just before that big night as he was getting glammed up in the Procter & Gamble VIP Style Lounge. While getting a haircut and, yes, a pedicure, he told us he hoped that whatever team drafted him would also be a good basketball city—that obviously didn't work out. But he also discussed his admiration for the NBA's notoriously fashionable Russell Westbrook, what it's like seeing his name on ESPN, and actually, the questions he'd rather be answering.   A post shared by Jamal Adams (@presidentmal__) on Apr 28, 2017 at 10:41am PDT I saw you tweet shortly after the Combine that you want people to stop comparing you. What names were they throwing around? A lot of people were comparing me to other draftees; that was who that was mainly for, if I remember. But yeah, I don’t like to be compared with other guys, especially if you don’t know football. It’s one thing to just watch film, but if you know the game, and know the ins and outs, you can break things down…’cause a lot of people just break things down by stats—how many picks you have, you’re a better DB—no, that’s not true. Speaking of picks, is that your main goal when you’re on the field, racking up INTs? So my sophomore year I had two picks, dropped two, and then my junior year I had one pick, all the way up until the Bama game. So it taught me a lot of patience, it taught me to let the game come to you because if you rush the game, you’re not going to make the plays. In the Wisconsin game, I dropped a pick, the ball hit the ground, and it was tough. You realize that you have to sit back and just let the game just come. If you’re out there saying, “I need to get a pick, I need to get a pick,” sometimes it just doesn’t work out that way. I feel like everything happens for a reason. Ended with five picks. Not what I wanted, but I think it’s fine. So you’re aiming to best those numbers when you hit the league. Oh most definitely, you definitely wanna get picks in the league. Like looking at it, it honestly feels like in the league you can get more picks, ‘cause—to me—it looks like a lot of quarterbacks just throw it up. In college, it’s hard. But we’ll see. I’m probably wrong. I probably am, like 99 percent [chance], but at the same time, I’m just looking forward to it. Was there a moment as a kid when you realized, “Oh wow, my dad is a big deal?” Not really. I’ve always just been chill on it. He’s really chill, too. I don’t really feel like he feels the big deal either. His career was cut short. He was the 19th pick, and he could have done outstanding things, but it was cut short. But he’s very grateful for the opportunity, he met a lot of people throughout the process, and he just said, “Don’t take it for granted” because he wished he could be back out there doing what he loved to do. I know this time in your life is incredibly hectic, but have you gotten a chance to watch any of the NBA Playoffs? A little bit. My favorite player is Dwyane Wade. I’ve always been a fan of Dwyane Wade, since the Marquette days. But I’m also a fan of Westbrook. I love his intensity. I love how he comes to the game with that mindset and how he’s himself with the fashion—I’m into the fashion world too, so I love what he does. But I’ve only caught maybe one game. I don’t like to catch it until it gets really good. I don’t know if I’ll have any free time here pretty soon, but whatever team I go to, hopefully it’s a city where I can go to the basketball games too. That would be pretty cool. Westbrook, huh? OK. Describe your personal fashion sense. I think my style is really laid-back, very classy, but I like to have pop. I’m not a flashy guy, but I like to have a little pop. Image via Procter & Gamble You also happen to have great hair. Tell us about this partnership with Head & Shoulders. It’s outstanding that I’m part of the family with Head & Shoulders. They’re definitely a class act. It’s definitely an exciting time for my family and I to get started with that brand. It speaks volumes that things are going in the right direction, things that I want are finally here, so it’s an exciting time. Odell Beckham Jr., an LSU alum like yourself, is also a member of the Head & Shoulders family. Have you thought about what it would be like to play with him or against him? It’s crazy—I saw him at the LSU Spring Game last week. We don’t really talk about it, but it’s surreal how everything came so fast. We saw him go off as a rookie, as soon as I came in [to LSU], and he did outstanding, as everybody knows, and hopefully I can just be there one day doing some of the things he’s doing. When did you realize, “Oh shit, all eyes are on me”? Probably my sophomore year. Stared to make plays, and then there was speculation already that I was coming out my junior year. That was kinda crazy, seeing your name on the ticker on ESPN. A lot of people be like, “Do you look at it?” Yeah, of course, you see your name on ESPN when you turn the TV on, of course you gon’ look at it, even though it’s poison at times to a lot of people, but it’s ways you handle it. How do you handle it? It’s only going to get worse. For instance, it was an Uber driver, a young lady yesterday was like, “Who are you?” And I was like, “I’m a regular person, my name is Jamal Adams.” I like to be known as regular, I don’t like to be known as “Oh, this is a celeb.” I feel like everybody is the same. Everybody just has different backgrounds. I just say stay true to yourself; you’re not better than anyone, everybody’s the same but just different ways of living life. Last thing: What question are you tired of answering? [Laughs.] Really just repetitive questions There was one guy who asked me about my father, like, “Have you ever seen his Super Bowl ring?” Of course I’ve seen his Super Bowl ring. You know, “What’s it like?” That question gets old, but at the end of the day it’s a process, and I answer it. And on the flip side, what do you wish people would ask? My coverage ability, a lot of people don’t talk about my coverage ability. I feel like I am the best safety covering-wise. Oh—and my why. Why I’m doing this. People don’t ask about my motivation, my why.        WatchNow Tags: Features, Interviews, Football, LSU, LSU Tigers, New York Jets, NFL Draft, NFL, Jamal Adams  Like  Follow  Chat Show Comments Lateststories Sulley Muntari Walked Out of Italian League Game in Protest to Racial Abuse BY Kyle Neubeck 6 hours ago Vince Carter Wants to Play in the NBA Until He's 42 BY Kyle Neubeck 7 hours ago LeBron Gives the Inside Story of Turning Down a $10 Million Check From Reebok at 18 BY Aaron Mansfield 11 hours ago Isaiah Thomas Lost a Tooth in Game One of Playoff Series Against Washington Wizards BY Kyle Neubeck 12 hours ago The Colts Had an Actual Orangutan Announce Their Day Three Picks at the NFL Draft BY Aaron Mansfield 12 hours ago Dwight Howard Is Mad About His Playing Time and Role in Atlanta BY Kyle Neubeck 14 hours ago Mia Khalifa Trolls Chad Kelly Again After He Becomes NFL Draft's 'Mr. Irrelevant' BY Kyle Neubeck Apr 29, 2017 Toxicology Tests Show Aaron Hernandez Was Not on Drugs at Time of Death BY Kyle Neubeck Apr 29, 2017 Chris Paul May Have Thrown Shade at State of Utah While Discussing Clippers' Game 6 Win BY Kyle Neubeck Apr 29, 2017 NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell Believes Marijuana Is Addictive and Unhealthy BY Jose Martinez Apr 29, 2017 Load More Stories NowTrending SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER   Contact UsTerms of Use CareersPrivacy Policy AdvertiseSite Map FeedsPersonalization MusicStyle Pop CultureSports SneakersLife © Complex Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Latest News Dow 20,941 -40.82 -0.19% Nasdaq 6,048 -1.33 -0.02% S&P 500 2,384 -4.57 -0.19% 4/30 Updated Congress reaches deal to fund government through September 4/30 Updated Another strong quarter for Amazon has Jeff Bezos closing in on Bill Gates 4/30 Sebastian Gorka, controversial Trump adviser, reportedly out 4/30 Twitter, Bloomberg partner to stream news 24/7 4/30 Updated This might be the thing that finally convinces millennials to take cruises 4/30 Watch 18,000 Canadian hockey fans sing ‘The Star-Spangled Banner’ 4/30 Updated Film and TV writers: Here’s how to prepare financially for a strike 4/30 As health-care vote looms, bill still faces big hurdle in House 4/30 Updated The Moneyologist: My boyfriend wants to pay me $500 in rent — and live for free when I’ve paid my mortgage 4/30 Updated Half of American families are living paycheck to paycheck 4/30 Updated Peter Schiff on America’s middle class: ‘We used to be the envy of the world’ 4/30 Updated Doing this will help you sleep better 4/30 Updated Some tough love for workers who, like Trump, thought their jobs would be easier 4/30 Updated This city has the most millionaire CEOs (it’s NOT American) 4/30 Updated 40% of Americans spend up to half of their income servicing debt 4/30 Updated The latest American status symbol: metal credit cards 4/30 Updated America’s trillion-dollar wealth transfer: How to prevent a generation of entitlement 4/30 Updated These Americans will never get Social Security benefits — and we don’t mean millennials 4/30 Updated The 10 most expensive places to raise a family in the U.S. 4/30 Updated Half of the high-paying jobs in America now require this skill Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Computers/Electronics The Wall Street Journal Get email alerts The Wall Street Journal Apple’s cash stockpile expected to top a staggering $250 billion By Tripp Mickle Published: Apr 30, 2017 6:28 p.m. ET Share 90% of tech giant’s cash is held offshore Reuters Apple Inc.is set to report quarterly earnings Tuesday. By TrippMickle Apple Inc. is expected to report Tuesday that its stockpile of cash has topped a quarter of a trillion dollars, an unrivaled corporate hoard that is greater than the market value of both Wal-Mart Stores Inc. WMT, -0.34%   and Procter & Gamble Co. PG, -0.41%   and exceeds the combined foreign-currency reserves held by the U.K. and Canada combined. The money, more than 90% which is stockpiled outside of the U.S., has drawn fresh attention as President Donald Trump has proposed slashing business taxes and a one-time tax holiday on corporate cash brought home. That could ratchet up pressure on the tech giant to make splashy acquisitions or dole out more money to shareholders. Read: Apple earnings: As users spend more, service revenue grows Also see: These are the 5 U.S. companies with the biggest overseas cash piles Apple’s AAPL, -0.10%   quarterly results will show the company has doubled its cash pile in just over 4½ years. In the last three months of 2016, it racked up new cash at a rate of about $3.6 million an hour. As of December, the company had $246.09 billion total cash, cash equivalents, and securities. Apple, like many big American companies, parks most of that cash offshore rather than paying U.S. taxes on its overseas profits. An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com. Also popular on WSJ.com: Bodybuilding in your 50s: The diet puzzle. My escape from anxiety. More from MarketWatch 5 doomed stocks to sell in May Donald Trump gets completely roasted at White House Correspondents’ Dinner Tiny Homes: Seattle's Latest Solution to Housing Homeless Quote References WMT -0.26 -0.34% PG -0.36 -0.41% AAPL -0.14 -0.10% Most Popular Elizabeth Warren says Obama got it wrong: It’s worse than Americans realize These Americans will never get Social Security benefits — and we don’t mean millennials PepsiCo focuses on ‘guilt-free’ beverages, yet more research casts a pall over diet soda The most unaffordable place to live in America is… Trump's Tax Plan: Three Key Takeaways MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $75.18 -0.26 (-0.34%) Volume 6.9M Open $75.24 High $75.44 Low $74.93 P/E Ratio 17.13 Div Yield 2.71 Market Cap 227.9B Procter & Gamble Co. U.S.: NYSE: PG $87.33 -0.36 (-0.41%) Volume 7.6M Open $87.52 High $87.59 Low $87.15 P/E Ratio 24.85 Div Yield 3.16 Market Cap 223.4B Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $143.65 -0.14 (-0.10%) Volume 19.2M Open $144.09 High $144.30 Low $143.27 P/E Ratio 17.2 Div Yield 1.59 Market Cap 753.7B
Latest News Dow 20,941 -40.82 -0.19% Nasdaq 6,048 -1.33 -0.02% S&P 500 2,384 -4.57 -0.19% 4/30 Updated Congress reaches deal to fund government through September 4/30 Updated Another strong quarter for Amazon has Jeff Bezos closing in on Bill Gates 4/30 Sebastian Gorka, controversial Trump adviser, reportedly out 4/30 Twitter, Bloomberg partner to stream news 24/7 4/30 Updated This might be the thing that finally convinces millennials to take cruises 4/30 Watch 18,000 Canadian hockey fans sing ‘The Star-Spangled Banner’ 4/30 Updated Film and TV writers: Here’s how to prepare financially for a strike 4/30 As health-care vote looms, bill still faces big hurdle in House 4/30 Updated The Moneyologist: My boyfriend wants to pay me $500 in rent — and live for free when I’ve paid my mortgage 4/30 Updated Half of American families are living paycheck to paycheck 4/30 Updated Peter Schiff on America’s middle class: ‘We used to be the envy of the world’ 4/30 Updated Doing this will help you sleep better 4/30 Updated Some tough love for workers who, like Trump, thought their jobs would be easier 4/30 Updated This city has the most millionaire CEOs (it’s NOT American) 4/30 Updated 40% of Americans spend up to half of their income servicing debt 4/30 Updated The latest American status symbol: metal credit cards 4/30 Updated America’s trillion-dollar wealth transfer: How to prevent a generation of entitlement 4/30 Updated These Americans will never get Social Security benefits — and we don’t mean millennials 4/30 Updated The 10 most expensive places to raise a family in the U.S. 4/30 Updated Half of the high-paying jobs in America now require this skill Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Computers/Electronics The Wall Street Journal Get email alerts The Wall Street Journal Apple’s cash stockpile expected to top a staggering $250 billion By Tripp Mickle Published: Apr 30, 2017 6:28 p.m. ET Share 90% of tech giant’s cash is held offshore Reuters Apple Inc.is set to report quarterly earnings Tuesday. By TrippMickle Apple Inc. is expected to report Tuesday that its stockpile of cash has topped a quarter of a trillion dollars, an unrivaled corporate hoard that is greater than the market value of both Wal-Mart Stores Inc. WMT, -0.34%   and Procter & Gamble Co. PG, -0.41%   and exceeds the combined foreign-currency reserves held by the U.K. and Canada combined. The money, more than 90% which is stockpiled outside of the U.S., has drawn fresh attention as President Donald Trump has proposed slashing business taxes and a one-time tax holiday on corporate cash brought home. That could ratchet up pressure on the tech giant to make splashy acquisitions or dole out more money to shareholders. Read: Apple earnings: As users spend more, service revenue grows Also see: These are the 5 U.S. companies with the biggest overseas cash piles Apple’s AAPL, -0.10%   quarterly results will show the company has doubled its cash pile in just over 4½ years. In the last three months of 2016, it racked up new cash at a rate of about $3.6 million an hour. As of December, the company had $246.09 billion total cash, cash equivalents, and securities. Apple, like many big American companies, parks most of that cash offshore rather than paying U.S. taxes on its overseas profits. An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com. Also popular on WSJ.com: Bodybuilding in your 50s: The diet puzzle. My escape from anxiety. More from MarketWatch Dow’s rally from election to Trump’s first 100 days is a postwar record Donald Trump gets completely roasted at White House Correspondents’ Dinner The most unaffordable place to live in America is… Quote References WMT -0.26 -0.34% PG -0.36 -0.41% AAPL -0.14 -0.10% Most Popular Elizabeth Warren says Obama got it wrong: It’s worse than Americans realize These Americans will never get Social Security benefits — and we don’t mean millennials PepsiCo focuses on ‘guilt-free’ beverages, yet more research casts a pall over diet soda The most unaffordable place to live in America is… Trump's Tax Plan: Three Key Takeaways MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $75.18 -0.26 (-0.34%) Volume 6.9M Open $75.24 High $75.44 Low $74.93 P/E Ratio 17.13 Div Yield 2.71 Market Cap 227.9B Procter & Gamble Co. U.S.: NYSE: PG $87.33 -0.36 (-0.41%) Volume 7.6M Open $87.52 High $87.59 Low $87.15 P/E Ratio 24.85 Div Yield 3.16 Market Cap 223.4B Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $143.65 -0.14 (-0.10%) Volume 19.2M Open $144.09 High $144.30 Low $143.27 P/E Ratio 17.2 Div Yield 1.59 Market Cap 753.7B
HOME LOCAL POLITICS INTERVIEWS WORLD SPORTS COLUMNS EDITORIAL MY TAPROBANA RED CARPET CEYLON POLITICS TALKING CRICKET MINORITY PERSPECTIVES MY SERENDIB SCI / TECH ENTERTAINMENT GALLERY BIZARRE Features Mosaic Lite Hello PRINT EDITION News Columns Sport Focus Interviews FT Opinion E-PAPER CONTACT The changing of the global economic guard   👤  1153 readers have read this article ! By 2017-05-01 BY Edward Luce In January 2017 the global economy changed guard. The venue was Davos, the annual gathering of the world's wealthiest recyclers of conventional wisdom—and consistently one of the last places to anticipate what is going to happen next. This time was different. The assembled hedge-fund tycoons, Silicon Valley data executives, management gurus, and government officials were treated to a preview of how rapidly the world is about to change. Xi Jinping, the President of China, had come to the Swiss Alpine resort to defend the global trade system against the attacks of the president-elect, Donald Trump. With minimal fanfare, the leader of the world's largest developing economy took over the role of defending the global trading system in the teeth of protectionist war cries from the world's most developed nation. It portended a new era in which China would apparently play the role of the responsible global citizen. The bad guys were swapping places with the good. "Some people blame economic globalization for the chaos in our world," Xi told Davos. "We should not retreat into the harbour whenever we encounter a storm or we will never reach the other shore. ... No one will emerge as a winner from a trade war." After more than 70 years of -led globalization, Xi's declaration of global stewardship in the spiritual home of capitalism was an Alice in Wonderland moment. A few days later President Trump gave his by now notorious 'American carnage' inaugural address. Much has changed since then. For the time being at least, Trump has dialed back his more outlandish protectionist rhetoric. A -China trade war looks less likely than it did in January. But things can change fast in Trumpland. In the space of half a day this week, Trump was reported to be considering scrapping NAFTA but then seemed to change his mind after talking to his Canadian and Mexican counterparts. Earlier in the week he slapped steep tariffs on Canadian softwood lumber imports. Even if Trump's protectionism ceasefire with Xi sticks, that switch in roles—the changing of the global economy's sentinel from the to China—is taking place nonetheless. It has long been anticipated. Set aside the most recent forecasts. As far back as 1902, when China's imperial ruins had long since been picked over by the European powers and the United States, the British historian John Hobson anticipated the day when a resurgent China would turn the tables. Hobson's prescience is worth savouring: "China, passing more quickly than other 'lower races' through the period of dependence on Western science and Western capital, and quickly assimilating what they have to give, may re-establish her own economic independence, finding out of her own resources the capital and organizing skill required for the machine industries and ... may quickly launch herself upon the world-market as the biggest and most effective competitor, taking to herself first the trade of Asia and the Pacific, and then swamping the free markets of the West, and driving the closed markets of the West to an ever more rigorous Protection." Though something of a Nostradamus, not even Hobson envisaged the speed with which China would pull this off. From barely a statistical rounding error in 1978, with less than 1 per cent of global trade, China rose to become in 2013 the world's leading trading nation with almost a quarter of its annual flows. As recently as the turn of the 21st century, the accounted for almost three times as much global trade as China. Nothing on this scale or speed has been witnessed before in history. In 1750, China and India accounted for almost three quarters of global manufacturing production, according to economic historians. By 1914 their share had shrunk to 7.5 per cent. We are now in an age of convergence as the rest catches up with the West. There is still a long way to go. The return of China, and the 15 other fast-growing non-Western economies, including Indonesia, Thailand, and India, which together account for half the world's population, is dramatically reconfiguring the global power structure. Within my lifetime, the emerging middle class has gone from virtually nowhere to supplant the established Western middle class as the engine of global growth. Since 1970, Asia's per capita incomes have increased fivefold. Even in Africa, the world's worst performing continent, incomes have almost doubled. The West's median income, meanwhile, has barely shifted in the last half-century. In some parts of Asia, such as Singapore and South Korea, incomes have either overtaken or are level with those in the West. In others, notably India, they still languish at less than a 10th of the Western average. But the direction is clear. If you chart a global economic map, the centre of gravity in the 20th century could be found somewhere in the mid-Atlantic, according to the Singaporean economist Danny Quah. That point has now shifted eastwards to Iran. Over the coming decades it will settle at a point somewhere between China and India, in the Himalayas. From the middle of the Atlantic to the roof of the world in 50 years—our generation is present at the re-creation. The rise of China has coincided with the golden age of the global corporation. Both are also threatened by the stagnation of the West's middle classes. China has profited beyond its wildest hopes from the club it joined, and now offers to cheerlead. Whether the global trading system remains open will depend on the actions of the West's increasingly reactive democracies. Xi Jinping and his peers can bank on the support of their largest foreign investors, the multinational companies that have located large chunks of their production supply chains in China and other parts of the Asia Pacific. In today's world, most cross-border trade is intra-company movement of unfinished goods. Apple's iPhone is produced in nine different countries. Since the goal is to capture Western technology, it makes no sense for developing countries to slap tariffs on imports, which are as likely to be intermediate goods moving from one part of the supply chain to the next. It differs greatly from the old factory model in which all a product's components were made in one location. Since China has the world's largest labour force, and its most rapidly growing consumer base, Xi's best allies are the global chief executives who came to hear him in Davos. Their wagons are tightly hitched. The rise of China has coincided with the golden age of the global corporation. Both are also threatened by the stagnation of the West's middle classes. From Procter & Gamble to Unilever, Western consumer goods companies are increasingly tailoring their output to where the money is—among the West's upper income groups and the emerging world middle classes. The median Western consumer is no longer driving their bottom line. That is why corporate investment rates in the are so low even as corporate profitability is remains at near record highs. The Western middle class consumer is no longer a cash cow. Buying back your company's shares offers an easier return than investing in research and development. In China's case, the West's populist disaffection threatens the goose that lays its golden eggs. Although Trump has tamped down his protectionist rhetoric since January, China is aware that he achieved victory partly by targeting China for stealing American jobs. In reality, most of the downward pressure on Western incomes has come from the effects of technology. China, itself, is now confronting the same unstoppable forces. Its manufacturing employment is shrinking even as its value-added production rises. But China serves as a more tangible scapegoat for frustrated Western voters than the abstractions of automated software. Like the Western elites, China dreads the wrath of an alienated Western middle class. Yet for all its brainpower, the Davos crowd is perhaps the least equipped on earth to know what to do about it. Every January, the Davos gathering sounds a little more bemused about what is happening in the world outside. In 2016 it worried about the threat of mass disease, just as the Ebola epidemic was receding. In 2015, its annual report dwelt on the return of geopolitics following Russia's annexation of Crimea the year before. In its first report in 2006 it was anxious about epidemics and the risk of terrorism after the Asian flu crisis and the London Underground terror attacks. And so on. Davos specializes in projecting the future from a recent past that took it by surprise. We are all guilty of this. But Davos has made a brand of its blow-dried conventional wisdom. George Orwell said that "the great enemy of clear language is insincerity." By that measure the global elites have something to hide—although I believe they are concealing it mainly from themselves. The more our elites call for "thought leadership" and "disruptive thinking," the less they seem to mean it. Buzz terms, such as resiliency, global governance, multi-stakeholder collaboration, and digital public square, are the answer to every problem, regardless of its nature. Too many wars happening? We need more collaboration. High risk of another global pandemic? More stakeholder participation. Populist revolts convulsing the Western world? We must rebuild trust in global governance. For every risk, Davos offers an identikit fix. Most of its Latinate prose sounds innocuous. But the lexicon betrays a worldview that is inherently wary of public opinion. Democracy is never a cure. If the middle classes are angry, they should listen more closely. Here was Davos's 2015 solution to economic populism: "Without trust, no decisions at the international level will be taken. However, the responsibility extends beyond the political level: multinational companies and consumers also have a role to play to strengthen the argument in favour of global collaboration in the face of growing pressures to prioritize national economic self-interest." Translation: Democracies must listen more to multinational companies. Pursuing national economic self-interest is always a bad thing. Yet what is still true for China, which has been greatly enriched by foreign direct investment, rings hollow to large chunks of Western society that believe they have lost their jobs, or forfeited their income growth, because of production shifts to China and elsewhere. Here is Davos's solution to multipolar disorder: "Managing this risk will require flexibility, fresh thinking and multi-stakeholder communication." No translation required—though it would be good to get a preview of the fresh thinking that Davos keeps saying we need (they are right: we do). The gulf between the view from the Swiss Alps and realities on the ground continually widens. Given the electoral shocks of the previous year, the 2017 outlook is the best example to date. This is Davos's solution to the immigration crisis convulsing European and American politics: "To some extent, the cultural challenges associated with immigration could be tackled by getting better at communicating change: data show that voters will change their views on cultural changes in society if politicians highlight the assimilation already taking place." Which means that we need to get better at telling people how well things are going. And here is its cure for the West's crisis of democracy: "One potential solution could be to make better use of technology in the process of government—not only to deliver services in a faster, more transparent, inclusive and consumer-oriented way, but also to establish a 'digital public square' with more direct communication between leaders and people." Politicians should thus spend more time online. Davos perhaps ought first to have read what people are saying on the internet. As one person quipped about Donald Trump's Twitter-propelled candidacy, "It is like the comments section running for president." If this is thought leadership, how does followership sound? Davos has become the emblem of a global elite that has lost its ability to listen. A few months before I graduated from university in 1990, the Berlin Wall fell. A group of friends and I abandoned our tutorials and took a ferry from Dover to Zeebrugge and drove overnight to Berlin. We participated in that orgy of historic vandalism with chisels and small pick axes. We returned to England with small pieces of the Berlin wall. It was a dramatic and moving moment that I was privileged to witness. We believed we were on the right side of history. I still very much hope that we were. But we can no longer be certain. A decade later, I found myself employed as speechwriter to Lawrence Summers, when he was the Secretary of the Treasury in the Clinton administration. Looking back, I am astonished at that era's unshakeable self-confidence. This was the high noon of the Washington Consensus. Alongside Alan Greenspan, the Chairman of the Federal Reserve, and Robert Rubin, the previous Treasury Secretary, Summers personified the global intellectual elite. Though often abrasive, he is also brilliant—especially when he is wrong. But when the facts change he is capable of changing his mind. By 2008 he had already walked away from much of the triumphalism of the late 1990s. Summers complained of "the development of stateless elites whose allegiance is to global economic success and their own prosperity rather than the interests of the nation where they are headquartered." By 2016, he was warning that the public's tolerance for expert solutions "appears have been exhausted." He advised a new "responsible nationalism," which would "begin from the idea that the basic responsibility of government is to maximize the welfare of its citizens, not to pursue some abstract concept of the global good." The global elites, in other words, need to catch up with how most people view the world— not the other way round. I believe what Summers is saying now closer to the truth. According to the World Values Survey, people identify far more strongly with their nation than with a global identity. The two exceptions were Colombia, which has been wracked by a brutal civil war for more than a generation, and Andorra, which has fewer than 80,000 people. The more we cede power to global bodies, the more virulent the backlash against globalization. Dani Rodrik, one of the world's leading international economists, talks of the "global trilemma." We cannot simultaneously pursue democracy, national determination, and economic globalization. They are incompatible. One of them has to go. China is sticking with the last two. Indeed, Xi is undoing even the tentative steps towards political liberalization that were carried out by his predecessors. Prospects for multi-party democracy in China are as far away as ever. In contrast, most Western countries have chosen to do away with much of the substance—if not the appearance—of national self-determination. This is particularly true of European countries. Under the old General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT), which ended in 1995, any nation was free to veto any deal. Nowadays democracies routinely suffer reversals in the WTO's appellate Court. For example, the European Union's objections to importing genetically modified foods and hormone-infused beef were overruled by the WTO even though it conceded the science was unsettled. If the democratically backed will of the world's largest trading block can be undone by a group of unelected trade judges, imagine the odds for anyone else. The space for national democracy is shrinking. Vast areas that were once the preserve of national sovereignty are now ring fenced by international law and global regulation. The instinct in Davos is to push even more policy-making out of the range of nation States. The answer to Europe's problems is always more Europe. The answer to the global trade backlash is always to sell trade deals more effectively. It should come as no surprise that democracies are now loath to ratify such agreements. The last time any serious world trade talks were held in a Western city was in Seattle in 1999. It was shut down by protestors. The next time global leaders made the attempt was in 2002, from the safe space of the Arabian Gulf where no dissenters could be heard. The Doha Round died a few years later. Now Donald Trump has killed the Trans-Pacific Partnership, the deal that was launched by George W. Bush and completed by Barack Obama. Trump is also re-evaluating the Clinton-era North American Free Trade Agreement and has buried hopes of a transatlantic agreement. Britain, meanwhile, is abandoning the European single market. The world's elites have helped to provoke what they feared: a populist uprising against the world economy. Globalization is going into reverse just as the impact of new technology is showing signs of picking up. In his Harvard class, Rodrik offers students a choice: Should we globalize democracy, or restrict it at home? Students always vote strongly for global democracy. But if it does not work at the European level, what chance would it stand worldwide? Digital democracy, meanwhile, is an empty slogan. The other choice—autocracy—is a bleak prospect, though a disturbingly broad range of nations are edging towards it. China's economic success has created an allure for its political model. But it is false song. Few electorates would knowingly relinquish their right to vote. Which leaves us with one practical alternative: abandoning the drive to deep globalization. Rodrik calls this "thin globalization." I prefer to think of it as the last chance for liberal democracy as we know it. It may be the only practical way of salvaging a peaceful global order. In the 1990s, Thomas Friedman, the New York Times columnist, came up with his famous Golden Straitjacket for the brave new world that came after the fall of the Berlin Wall. Ironically, this meant less democracy precisely at the moment of its triumph. When you put on the Golden Straitjacket, "your economy grows and your politics shrinks," he wrote. Friedman possesses an uncanny knack for catching the spirit of the age with revealing insights. But he should have dropped the word "golden." Straitjackets are for lunatics. We can hardly complain if our democracies have begun to lose their minds. (The Atlantic) COLUMNS Is change there?  👤3959 🕔2017-04-12 Sri Lanka will miss an off spinner in England  👤2747 🕔2017-04-30 Will TUs make Maithri meet the same fate as SWRD?  👤3160 🕔2017-04-30 A non-violent demonstration in North and East  👤2851 🕔2017-04-29 Let May Day truly be a tribute to labour force!   👤1060 🕔2017-05-01 view all Interviews INTERVIEWS Sampanthan has forgotten his people’s grievanceS👤2975 🕔2017-04-25 10:11:52 Anoka’s Mangrove campaign👤4899 🕔2017-04-24 08:23:30 Garbage crisis has reached epic proportions👤4936 🕔2017-04-23 08:39:35 Ministry of Megapolis responsible for Meethotamulla TRAGEDY👤2983 🕔2017-04-23 05:42:07 MR confident of ousting govt next year – Dinesh👤3617 🕔2017-04-21 06:36:54 Marikkar pours scorn on Govt, Rajapaksas👤4984 🕔2017-04-20 05:44:15 Mahinda Rajapaksa never left the fray – MR👤4121 🕔2017-04-19 05:00:20 Solution to problems is removal of Capitalist economy👤2536 🕔2017-04-18 10:24:47 SLFP in grip of unwholesome men – Mervyn Silva👤4398 🕔2017-04-16 04:14:56 PRINT EDITION News Colombo City a no parking zone today  👤1415  🕔2017-05-01 SLFP mulls expelling defectors  👤1331  🕔2017-05-01 Police camera unit in city today  👤1324  🕔2017-05-01 SLTB nets in Rs 40M for May Day bookings  👤1322  🕔2017-05-01 Politicians ignorant on federalism – Rajitha  👤1321  🕔2017-05-01 Fowzie cries foul  👤1335  🕔2017-05-01 SLCG nab 32 illegal migrants  👤1319  🕔2017-05-01 Aiming to capture power  👤1330  🕔2017-05-01 Met men smell rain  👤1339  🕔2017-05-01 Move to discipline being considered – Kabir  👤1318  🕔2017-05-01 35 Principals on the mat  👤1444  🕔2017-05-01 Gas scare at Kandy garbage dump  👤1316  🕔2017-05-01 WNPS says shooting not justified  👤1318  🕔2017-05-01 M.H. Mohamed in the Hall of Fame  👤1324  🕔2017-05-01 MAY DAY FALLS TODAY WORKERS’ WOES OR POLITICAL POWER?  👤1345  🕔2017-05-01 Read More Columns SLC rope in Donald as fast bowling consultant  👤890  🕔2017-05-01 Bayern Munich clinch fifth straight Bundesliga title  👤890  🕔2017-05-01 Murray beaten by Thiem in semi-final  👤891  🕔2017-05-01 MMDA Committee must consider current realities  👤949  🕔2017-05-01 Rs 8 M for Vesak Exhibition Stall MCDM wasting public money – ICEU  👤894  🕔2017-05-01 The day after May Day ?  👤890  🕔2017-05-01 Read More Sport St. Joseph’s and Visakha emerge on top  👤1159  🕔2017-05-01 Unbeaten Western Province North enter semi-final  👤1157  🕔2017-05-01 ICC’s $400 million offer ‘far less than what India deserves’  👤1150  🕔2017-05-01 Gayanthika, Indunil clinch Gold in Taipei   👤1219  🕔2017-05-01 SLC rope in Donald as fast bowling consultant  👤1152  🕔2017-05-01 Suarez double keeps Barca top  👤1149  🕔2017-05-01 Mladenovic ends Sharapova comeback  👤1151  🕔2017-05-01 Sunderland relegated   👤1148  🕔2017-05-01 Sri Lankan a millionaire within one day  👤1151  🕔2017-05-01 Kevin O'Brien out to stun England again  👤1141  🕔2017-05-01 Read More Focus Of Cherry picking,injustice & setting the record straight!  👤1159  🕔2017-05-01 Cultivation fund looted Compensation for farmers put on hold  👤3525  🕔2017-04-30 crisis brewing in petroleum sector  👤3956  🕔2017-04-30 Religious extremism spreads in maldives  👤3501  🕔2017-04-30 Taming the Chinese dragon, Indian tiger and TUs  👤3526  🕔2017-04-30 Waiting for a Meethotamulla repeat?  👤3503  🕔2017-04-30 Vesak at the United Nations How it all happened  👤3542  🕔2017-04-30 MURUNGA TO THE AID OF CKDU  👤2224  🕔2017-04-29 Sri Lanka can’t remain aloof -Dipankar Banerjee  👤3260  🕔2017-04-27 New French President to face global implications   👤3169  🕔2017-04-27 Read More Interviews A VERITABLE TIME BOMB  👤893  🕔2017-05-01 Unholy alliance with UNP  👤1804  🕔2017-04-30 JVP to sue govt for manslaughter  👤1814  🕔2017-04-30 I like Russia’s war history– Uvindu Wijeweera  👤3002  🕔2017-04-30 Sampanthan has forgotten his people’s grievanceS  👤2679  🕔2017-04-25 Anoka’s Mangrove campaign  👤4687  🕔2017-04-24 Read More FT Google CEO gets another massive pay package  👤1155  🕔2017-05-01 Nasty New Mac Malware can eavesdrop on your secure browsing  👤1155  🕔2017-05-01 Eurozone inflation picks up to 1.9%  👤1152  🕔2017-05-01 China factory output growth slows  👤1154  🕔2017-05-01 BOI hosts meeting with China’s premier chamber of commerce  👤1155  🕔2017-05-01 Korea Exim bank & ADB to draw blueprint  👤1154  🕔2017-05-01 National Task Force called for Traditional Knowledge  👤1155  🕔2017-05-01 Foreign Employment Bureau posts Rs 1.2B profit  👤1158  🕔2017-05-01 FACTORIES ASKED TO GENERATE OWN POWER  👤1239  🕔2017-05-01 NDBIB pioneers Cornerstone Strategy on CSE  👤1152  🕔2017-05-01 The changing of the global economic guard  👤1153  🕔2017-05-01 Trump’s 100 day economy Few achievements so far  👤1155  🕔2017-05-01 Premadasa’s policies were result oriented and accelerated economic growth  👤1156  🕔2017-05-01 Week ahead worldwide: Fed meeting, US jobs, Apple results  👤1152  🕔2017-05-01 Asia-Pacific Economic Preview: 1-5 May  👤1155  🕔2017-05-01 Read More Opinion Who wants a new Constitution?  👤3911  🕔2017-04-27 The New Constitution Creating divisions for democracy  👤1793  🕔2017-04-13 What is Good Governance?  👤1706  🕔2017-04-13 Read More Features Mosaic Forays into the World of Witchcraft, Black Magic, Curses and Demons  👤2633  🕔2017-04-30 6th International Conference of Sabaragamuwa University of Sri Lanka (6th ICSUSL)  👤2703  🕔2017-04-30 My First Art Class  👤2648  🕔2017-04-30 Sinhala Tamil New Year Celebrations  👤2634  🕔2017-04-30 Hindustani Vocal and Instrumental recital  👤2631  🕔2017-04-30 Gregory Bateson and Communication Studies  👤2630  🕔2017-04-30 Songs to Enlighten Lives  👤2633  🕔2017-04-30 Modifying Culture  👤2632  🕔2017-04-30 Read More Lite Taking yoga to a new height  👤1429  🕔2017-04-30 Mixed Doubles – review English humour and a happy ending  👤1418  🕔2017-04-30 Photographic tips from the expert  👤1425  🕔2017-04-30 Jewel in the crown  👤1424  🕔2017-04-30 Mixing oil and water  👤1421  🕔2017-04-30 Shirley Temple  👤1425  🕔2017-04-30 Read More Hello A night of music and innovation  👤1418  🕔2017-04-30 Predictable But Entertaining  👤1420  🕔2017-04-30 Affordable luxury’   👤1431  🕔2017-04-30 21 records shattered  👤1420  🕔2017-04-30 Uniting through music  👤1807  🕔2017-04-23 Yunho  👤1799  🕔2017-04-23 Read More LATEST NEWS School to re-open tomorrow  👤30 🕔2017-05-01 10:22:33 JVP May Day Rally in Jaffna No ties with TNA  👤102 🕔2017-05-01 09:44:01 Prime Minister’s May Day Message  👤40 🕔2017-05-01 09:01:21 Colombo City a no parking zone today  👤65 🕔2017-05-01 08:29:16 Japan donates a fully equipped Ambulance to SLAF  👤1463 🕔2017-04-30 13:33:38 DCS launches ‘’Lanka Star’ and ‘LankaStarMap’  👤1511 🕔2017-04-30 11:25:27 Turkey sacks 4,000 more officials in coup-bid crackdown  👤1690 🕔2017-04-30 10:28:52 Registrations are open now  👤1803 🕔2017-04-30 10:05:27 Read More TODAY CARTOON Galleries   DIMO launches Mercedes-Benz Vito View all photos Contact No : General: +94 0117566566 Marketing Manager : +94 117566550 Marketing Department - General : +94 117566572, +94 117566568 Circulation Manager : +94 117566580, +94 117566581 Editorial : +94 117 566 522, +94 117 566 526 Email : [email protected] All the content on this website is copyright protected and can be reproduced only by giving the due courtesy to 'ceylontoday.lk' Copyright © 2016 Ceylon Newspapers (Pvt) Ltd.
Close menu News Metro National Atlanta Chicago Detroit Memphis News One Newsroom International Archives Lifestyles Youth Sports Steelers Pirates Penguins Panthers Business Health Opinion Entertainment Celebrity News Classifieds Subscribe Subscribe to Print Edition Join NPC’s Email List Contact Us Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP News Metro National Atlanta Chicago Detroit Memphis News One Newsroom International Archives Lifestyles Youth Sports Steelers Pirates Penguins Panthers Business Health Opinion Entertainment Celebrity News Classifieds Subscribe Subscribe to Print Edition Join NPC’s Email List Contact Us Business Home > Business Advertising guru earns Hall of Fame honor Stacy M. Brown Leave a comment 23 reads CAROL H. WILLIAMS (NNPA)–Carol H. Williams has been quite busy. The advertising legend and owner of the agency that bears her name, Williams has created ad campaigns for Bank of America, the city of Oakland, General Motors, Pillsbury, Proctor & Gamble and many other household names. When she was notified about her nomination to the Advertising Hall of Fame, which celebrates and honors the legends who have made extraordinary contributions to the ad business, Williams kept working. “I didn’t know whether it was real or not,” she said. Williams said that you have to be able to keep life’s trials and life’s rewards in perspective. “Put it behind or in front of you and keep moving forward,” said Williams. “It was really nice and I was honored to be considered for [the Hall of Fame], but I just kept working.” Williams was inducted into the Advertising Hall of Fame (AHOF) during a ceremony at Cipriani Wall Street in New York City on Tuesday, April 25. “There was a moment, I was stunned and then the tears came,” Williams said remembering the Hall of Fame call. “It was an unbelievable feeling; then I did my ‘spike and dance’ in the end zone. Williams becomes the first African-American female advertising executive inducted among the nearly 200 honorees in the 67-year history of the AHOF. 1 2Next page » Also On New Pittsburgh Courier: Red Carpet Rundown: 2016 Oscars 22 photos Launch gallery Red Carpet Rundown: 2016 Oscars 1. Chris Rock 1 of 22 2. Chrissy Teigen and John Legend 2 of 22 3. Sylvester Stallone & His Wife 3 of 22 4. Pharrell Williams 4 of 22 5. Kerry Washington 5 of 22 6. Rachel McAdams and Michael B. Jordan 6 of 22 7. Mindy Kaling 7 of 22 8. Andra Day 8 of 22 9. The Weeknd 9 of 22 10. Kevin Hart (R) with fiancee Eniko Parrish 10 of 22 11. Common 11 of 22 12. Priyanka Chopra 12 of 22 13. Lady Gaga 13 of 22 14. Whoopi Goldberg 14 of 22 15. Sofia Vergara 15 of 22 16. Dorith Mous 16 of 22 17. Robin Roberts 17 of 22 18. Leonardo DiCaprio 18 of 22 19. Brie Larson 19 of 22 20. Charlize Theron 20 of 22 21. Olivia Wilde 21 of 22 22. Jennifer Lawrence 22 of 22 Skip ad Continue reading Advertising guru earns Hall of Fame honor Red Carpet Rundown: 2016 Oscars comments – Add Yours Your browser does not support iframes. × Like What You See? Sign Up for New Pittsburgh Courier's email newsletter! Close Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription. Email Submit Don't show this to me again Not now Get It On Your Doorstep Most Popular Artist who evoked Black pride, Barkley Hendricks, Dies at 72 Redwood, Milliones stop URA plan to buy Hill District properties Dezmaire gave birth in eighth grade. As a teen mom in Pittsburgh, she’s fighting to beat the odds and graduate. The life and achievements of Martin Luther King Jr. TENSIONS RISE, TEMPERS FLARE at Woodland Hills board meeting (EXCLUSIVE VIDEO) Pittsburgh’s Hill House cuts staff amid reassessment Get Informed! Close Subscribe to our Newsletter! Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription. Email Submit Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Post to Cancel
Ya Libnan Lebanon News and World News Live from Beirut Featured News Lebanon News World News Opinion Business News Arts & Culture Sci & Tech Video Apple’s cash pile of $250 billion fuels expectations April 30, 2017 by yalibnan Leave a Comment In its quarterly results on Tuesday, Apple Inc. likely will report that its cash hoard has topped a quarter of a trillion dollars, an unrivaled milestone for a private corporation that raises a question: Why would any company want to hold that much money? Apple has added to its pile at a blistering pace, doubling it in just over four-and-a-half years. In the last three months of 2016 it wracked up new cash at a rate of about $3.6 million an hour. Its current total, not accounting for debt, exceeds the market values of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and that of Procter & Gamble Co., and outstrips the foreign-currency reserves of the U.K. and Canada combined. The stash has drawn fresh attention recently as President Donald Trump tries to revamp the U.S. tax regime. Apple, like many big companies, keeps most of its cash offshore — some 93% of its $246.09 billion total cash, cash equivalents, and securities as of December — to avoid U.S. corporate taxes that executives consider too high. The Trump administration this week proposed a one-time tax holiday to encourage companies to bring that cash home, and said it wants to slash the U.S. corporate-income-tax rate to 15% from 35% and largely exempt future foreign profits. That could make it easier for Apple to put its money to use, through acquisitions or by doling out more to shareholders. The latter prospect has propelled Apple’s stock to record highs. Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook early this year said he was eager to bring cash home if tax changes enable it, and Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri said such a move would give Apple flexibility to do more capital returns. Neither has given detailed plans. One possible approach would be a special dividend. Apple could deliver such a windfall, benefitting investors including Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc., which more than doubled its Apple position in January. Wall Street analysts tend to focus more on companies’ net cash position than the headline number. Apple has racked up some $88 billion in debt to fund payouts to shareholders. But even subtracting that, Apple would be left with more cash than the total stockpile of Microsoft, the next richest tech company, which boasts $126 billion in cash, not accounting for debt. With the exception of financial companies, Apple’s stash exceeds that of any other U.S. company in recent history, said Jennifer Blouin, an accounting professor at University of Pennsylvania’s Wharton School. “I have never seen a company in this kind of extreme position, barring a winding-down,” she said. “Apple’s a cash box right now.” Former executives say Apple’s thrift has deep roots, inspired in part by a brush with bankruptcy in the late 1990s. That forced Chief Executive Steve Jobs to arrange a cash infusion from Microsoft Corp. and set his resolve to keep reserves for future emergencies. Mr. Jobs also believed Apple could better boost its stock price by using its money to develop new products than through buybacks or dividends. His biggest product, the iPhone, has only supercharged the cash machine. Apple has sold more than 1 billion of the devices in the decade since it was introduced, and today claims 91% of all the profits in the smartphone sector. Mr. Cook has been somewhat more accommodating of shareholder desires than his predecessor. He started a dividend-and-stock-buyback program in 2012 that has since sent more than $200 billion to shareholders. And he has invested more in some areas, such as R&D. But the CEO also stared down Carl Icahn in 2013 and 2014 when the activist investor bought a stake in Apple and demanded it increase buybacks. And Apple remains frugal in other realms, such as marketing. It spent less than $1.8 billion on advertising last year — not even half the amounts laid out by smaller rivals Alphabet Inc. and Amazon.com Inc., according to company filings. Apple also avoids large acquisitions. It bought at a rate of 15 to 20 companies a year over the past four years, generally spending several hundred million dollars on companies it can easily assimilate. Its biggest deal was the $3 billion it spent to buy Beats Electronics LLC in 2014. The swelling war chest has fueled hopes for bigger deals to vault Apple in new directions such as self-driving cars and entertainment. At Apple’s 2015 shareholder meeting, one investor asked Mr. Cook about buying Tesla Inc., which today is valued around $51 billion. The CEO didn’t directly respond. Robert Nichols of Windward Capital Management Co., an Apple shareholder, says it should buy Netflix Inc., valued around $65 billion, to jumpstart its video-streaming business and bolster its position against Amazon. “You can either build [content and distribution] or you can buy it,” and buying would help Apple gain ground where it is behind, he said. With $250 billion, Apple could buy both Tesla and Netflix and still have plenty left over. It also might want to use some cash to pay down some of its debt or look to boost U.S. manufacturing after facing calls last year from then-President-elect Trump to build a plant in the U.S. Either way, there is a growing sense that Apple’s cash hoard has far outstripped its needs. “If this a rainy day fund, they’re saving for a millennial flood,” said Lee Pinkowitz, a Georgetown University professor of finance.   FOX Filed Under: Business News Featured News Gem TV’s Iranian CEO Saeed Karimian shot dead in Istanbul Turkey threatens further strikes on US-allied Syrian Kurds French election: Macron has already accomplished the unthinkable U.S.-backed militias claim big advance against IS in Syria’s Tabqa Lebanon News Speaker Berri proposed the creation of a Senate, to be headed by a Druze chairman PSP warns that sectarian electoral laws may lead to partitioning Lebanon The FPM,Hezbollah, Future, LF and PSP electoral law meeting failed , report ‘Israeli strike’ hits Hezbollah arms depot near Damascus, Syria airport- Report World News Trump: ‘One of the best chemistries I had was with’ Merkel UK snap election: What does it mean? First Muslim Judge in U.S. is found dead in Hudson River, New York White House press secretary Sean Spicer under fire for comparing Hitler to Assad Opinion Putin’s military performance in Syria, not helping his arms sales or bottom line What happens if the president doesn’t matter? Trump and Kushner: “It’s what they do in banana republics” Assad did it, and Russia’s Putin has a problem Business News Self-driving Teslas will go between LA and NYC by year end: Musk Trump is undermining his own treasury secretary: Summers NSA penetrated Mideast banking networks, according to a new leak Tesla Tops GM by market value to become America’s most valuable carmaker Arts & Culture 2018 election campaign: Russian women are urged to emblazon Putin on their chests The unique love story of French presidential front-runner and his wife Zuma, Mandela rape painting stirs outrage in South Africa The Obamas sign huge book deals exceeding $60 million Science & Technology ” Out of his mind !” surgeon plans human head transplant, revive frozen human brain A device that can read the mind and enable people to communicate is coming soon Late for work? What about calling a ‘flying taxi’. Dubai will have the service within months Judge Orders California To Release Papers Discussing Risk Of Cellphone Use Recent Comments Copyright © 2017 Ya Libnan
News Business Counties Sports Blogs & Opinion Life and Style Videos News Politics Africa World Latest News Sh3bn to sponsor 17,000 in private varsities Brides get bats to beat drunk husbands 1.6m registered for this year’s Class Eight, Form Four exams DP Ruto dismisses Bomet boss’s Nasa move as selfish Business Corporates Enterprise Technology Seeds of Gold Latest Business New Kenya-Swiss agency MoU to boost looted assets’ recovery Ferry services at Likoni now back to normal Slight relief for ugali lovers as unga price falls by Sh23 Kenya, Swiss ink pact to recover looted wealth Counties Coast Eastern Mount Kenya Northern North Rift South Rift Nyanza-Kisii Western Latest Counties Ex-MPs in race for Igembe North seat Over 350 to vie on DP ticket in August Herders in Mt Kenya given relief feeds Divisions emerge in Nairobi County Public Service Board Sports Football Athletics Rugby Golf Others TalkUp Latest Sports Juniors converge on Mount Elgon Nairobi win maiden FKF National U13 Youth Championship Jepkosgei: Maintain U-18 camps countrywide to nurture future talent Telkom Orange juggernaut rolls on Blogs & Opinion Blogs Commentaries Editorial Cartoons Latest Blogs & Opinion WARAH: Utility firms punish customers while holding country hostage UESAWA: Technology for clean energy generation ABUBAKAR: Private sector has a key role in filling skills gaps in job MWAGIRU: Durban forum expected to focus on intra-trade and Life and Style Art & Culture Family Health Showbiz Travel Women & Style Magazines Latest Life and Style The silent killer of young people My quest for an HIV positive man futile Uncle Moody still keeping fit ASIAN SCENE: Peace caravan to salute Indian Railway pioneers Videos = Home Blogs & Opinion Commentaries Private sector has a key role in filling skills gaps in job market Sunday April 30 2017 email print A section of trainees follow proceedings during the Tuskys Internship and Job Preparation Programme in Kisumu on March 17, 2017. A lot still needs to be done to create innovative ways to provide skills to youth. PHOTO | ONDARI OGEGA | NATION MEDIA GROUP  In Summary According to McKinsey (Social Initiative 2015), 40 per cent of employers report skills gaps in entry-level vacancies. The frontline programme identifies employees who can progress to higher level technical or management positions. Advertisement By LAILA ABUBAKAR More by this Author Lack of technical skills and on-the-job experience is a major problem in many countries. But it is felt most in the emerging economies that have to rely on expatriates to build capacity, spur economic growth and pioneer new sectors. Companies employing expatriate labour do not do so out of choice, but rather out of necessity, as it is an expensive option and often exposes them to criticism. A 2013 World Bank report titled 'The Job Challenge', showed that it has become difficult for many graduates to get jobs within their specific disciplines. RELEVANT SKILLS Surprisingly, it is not because there are too many graduates chasing too few jobs, but because many lack the skills and experience the job market requires. According to McKinsey (Social Initiative 2015), 40 per cent of employers report skills gaps in entry-level vacancies. This trend is exacerbated by technological advancements, which are rapidly replacing manual jobs, leaving millions of young people unprepared to participate in the 21st century knowledge economy. So how do employers and job-seekers fill this gap? Several remedies have been recommended. A method that has worked well for Kenya is the graduate trainee programme. TRAINING PROGRAMMES Firms take graduates through rigorous on-the-job training, after which they are either absorbed or let go to explore opportunities elsewhere. This model is used by international firms, including Procter and Gamble, PwC, and Deloitte. Graduate training programmes are a means for transferring skills and experience to new entrants and enable organisations to attract and identify talent. Securing technically talented and experienced workers in an emerging economy can be difficult, particularly in newly established areas such as the extractive sector. How have firms developed talent while saving on expatriate costs? A good example is Base Titanium, which has initiated various programmes to build capacity in the mining sector. INTERNSHIPS The firm has three-month internships, 18-month graduate trainee programmes, apprenticeship programmes, community training and the frontline management programmes. The frontline programme identifies employees who can progress to higher level technical or management positions. Participants get training to gain some insight and experience in and beyond their respective disciplines. This gives them a more holistic understanding of the company’s operations, a key requirement for management. The apprentice and community trainee programmes represent practical initiatives that benefit the firm, youth, and local communities. The community technical training programme launched last December is designed to provide basic life and computer skills, emergency response knowledge, workshop practice, First Aid and occupational health and safety training. SELF-EMPLOYMENT Trainees specialise in hands-on training under two trades (electrical wiremen and arc welders). The trainees are later sponsored for the National Industrial Training Authority (NITA) Grade Test. Most of the current 15 trainees are Form Four leavers. Base Titanium, in partnership with Mombasa Industrial Training Centre (MITC), has provided an opportunity for the trainees to take classes and sit NITA exams. The trainees can also proceed to the diploma level. This equips them with core skills for the job market or self-employment. Base Titanium’s three-year apprentice diploma programme targets Form Four leavers admitted to technical training institutions. This is meant to provide on-the-job skills transfer. TRANSFORM ECONOMY The apprentices also attend classes at the Technical University of Mombasa (TUM) to gain a recognised qualification. A lot still needs to be done to create innovative ways to provide skills to youth and ensure they are ready for the job market. Filling the skills gap will be costly and engaging. However, in partnership with the government through institutions such as NITA and the TUM, the private sector will impart skills for economic transformation. Prof Laila Abubakar is the acting Vice-Chancellor of the Technical University of Mombasa email print In the headlines Over 350 to vie on DP ticket in August Mr Kioni says DP has resourceful candidates ready to face rivals from other parties. #ElectionsKE Young women, girls targeted in new HIV prevention method The drug, meant to protect HIV-negative people from contracting the virus, is targeted at Legal storm over premier post in Nasa power deal It’s 22pc or the boot, workers warn Uhuru Jubilee bigwigs clash in church Midiwo: I can defect from ODM Confusion rocks Nairobi ODM polls — PHOTOS Wiper behind Raila Nasa presidency — VIDEO Politics DP Ruto dismisses Bomet boss’s Nasa move as selfish   Politics Mutua to hold talks with Ukambani leaders   Politics North Rift voters send woman reps home   Politics Oburu says he will not contest party decision   Politics CS Mohamed urges US to promote trade ties   Politics Mohamed Faki wins Mombasa senatorial ticket   Politics Bernard Kiala snubs Wiper nominations   LATEST NTV VIDEOS These women could be first elected senator and governor in Kenya - #Decision2017 Hassan Omar says Wiper supports Raila Odinga Labour Day 2017: COTU asks for a 22% increase in minimum wage Benard Kiala boycotts Wiper's Machakos gubernatorial primaries Kapedo killings: Six people killed in alleged retaliatory attacks Watch More Videos Contact Us FAQ E-papers About Us Business Daily Daily Monitor Nairobi News NTV The Citizen The EastAfrican
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Search Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Search Video Log out Rewards My Account Search Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Technology News Reviews Opinion Internet security Social media Apple Google More Telegraph Technology Facebook closes in on two billion users Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg Credit: AP James Titcomb 30 April 2017 • 6:54pm Facebook is on the verge of reaching 2bn members, with the social media giant closing in on a milestone that will move it into a select group of global companies. The company is expected to report a blockbuster set of results this week, with revenues rising 45pc. It is expect to report that the number of people that log in every month will have risen to 1.9bn in the three months to the end of April, with the social network now set to close in on 2bn in the coming weeks. Only a handful of multinationals around the world, including Unilever and Procter & Gamble, can boast more customers. Facebook has defied many expectations in recent years by continuing to find new users despite its size, with growth actually accelerating in recent quarters. facebook users However, analysts believe the company will have to start running out of steam eventually. “We expect [monthly users] to grow 14pc in Q1 [down from 17pc] as it decelerates due to the law of (really) large numbers,” analysts at RBC Capital Markets said. Consensus forecasts are for Facebook to report revenues of $7.8bn (£6bn) and profits of $3.3bn, up 72pc on a year ago, when it unveils first quarter results on Wednesday. Despite its continued growth, Facebook has been under renewed pressure in recent weeks over its ability to police the material shared on it. Its founder Mark Zuckerberg has promised to do more to address violence on Facebook’s live broadcasting feature, as well as the spread of fake news. Monthly active users - Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, WhatsApp Apple, which reports quarterly results on Tuesday, is set to unveil a second consecutive quarter of growth after the iPhone maker’s unusual decline in sales last year. Analysts expect revenues to have climbed 5pc to $53bn in the first three months of 2017, Apple’s second fiscal quarter. The company could, however, report a fall in profits if it misses expectations. Forecasts are for the company to barely register an increase in net income, up from $10.6bn to $10.7bn. Investors will also be closely watching Apple’s guidance for the next quarter. The company is preparing to release a new version of the iPhone in September that rumours suggest could be radically different from current models, a change that is expected to drive a boom in upgrade sales. Shares are currently trading at all-time highs, with Apple’s market valuation above $750bn. Investors are eyeing potential gains from Donald Trump’s mooted cuts to corporation tax and the levy on repatriating overseas cash to drive further boosts to its share price, which could send the company’s value towards $1 trillion. Share this article Follow Telegraph Science & Tech Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Instagram Follow on Pinterest View comments If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Please review our commenting policy Follow Telegraph Science & Tech Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Instagram Follow on Pinterest Related Topics Facebook Mark Zuckerberg Social media Apple Show more Technology latest 30 Apr 2017, 1:16pm Mark Zuckerberg surprises Ohio family with impromptu dinner visit 30 Apr 2017, 12:42pm Turkey blocks Wikipedia under national security law Gallery 30 Apr 2017, 10:51am Gallery: The best video games of 2017 (so far) 29 Apr 2017, 7:30pm Ve Interactive owed £1.3m to taxman before collapse 29 Apr 2017, 1:25pm Kickstarter CEO Yancey Strickler: 'We're here to empower people to take over the mainstream' 00:58 29 Apr 2017, 1:09pm Flying cars: Is this finally the future of travel or just a load of hot air? Premium 28 Apr 2017, 10:29pm Comment: We shouldn't approach technology from a place of fear Jurg Zeltner Premium 28 Apr 2017, 6:24pm Facebook admits states have used its service to influence foreign elections  Gallery 28 Apr 2017, 5:15pm Gallery: The best games for Nintendo Switch 28 Apr 2017, 4:04pm Apple patents way to charge iPhone over Wi-Fi  28 Apr 2017, 12:51pm Why female sex robots are more dangerous than you think 28 Apr 2017, 12:22pm Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+: UK price, release date and pre-order information 00:47 28 Apr 2017, 11:07am British ‘Iron Man’ shows off flying suit at TED 2017 28 Apr 2017, 10:59am Apple's self-driving car seen on the road for first time  28 Apr 2017, 8:04am Mario Kart 8 Deluxe review - Nintendo Switch's charms celebrated in this deliriously entertaining update 5 Gallery 28 Apr 2017, 8:03am Gallery: Mario Kart 8 Deluxe - All 48 tracks ranked 27 Apr 2017, 10:16pm Amazon and Google shares rise to all-time highs as profits jump 27 Apr 2017, 3:29pm Facebook could be used to find Madeleine McCann, expert says 27 Apr 2017, 2:59pm 6 ways you can climb the career ladder via email 27 Apr 2017, 2:14pm Nintendo's new Switch console to reverse eight consecutive years of falling sales 27 Apr 2017, 1:00pm Uber to offer drivers sick pay after row over workers' rights Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Investors' Soapbox PM 9 Names That Could Be the ‘FANG’ Stocks of 2016 While Facebook, Amazon, Netflix and Google delivered gangbuster gains in 2015, these laggards could be next year’s darlings, says Fundstrat’s Tom Lee. December 11, 2015 Fundstrat Global Advisors One particularly challenging aspect of 2015, was the fact investors simply could not ignore the so-called FANG stocks [Facebook: (ticker: FB), (Amazon: AMZN), Netflix (NFLX) and Google parent Alphabet (GOOG)], which collectively are up 86% in 2015. In 2015, the top 10 names (FANG-plus) added 74 points, or 3.6% of S&P 500 returns. For reasons discussed below, owning FANG into 2016 is likely to be a drag... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. The Trump Tax Plan: The Good, Bad, and Dumb Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Caterpillar Stock Revs Up Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Paul Wick: Bullish on Micron, Bearish on Tesla Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Banks, Restaurants, MLPs Could Win Under Tax Plan Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Fiberoptic Stocks Are Back, and This Time It’s for Real Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 How Secure Is the Swift Network? 2 Barron's Buzz: Caterpillar Revving Up? 3 Why Trump Gets a 100-Day Review — When Others Don’t Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Barron's Interview 5 Quality Picks from Top Performing India Fund Ocean Dial Asset Management is up 37% this year by investing in stocks ignored by foreign investors. By Daniel Shane Biography October 21, 2016 Heavy monsoon rains this year have helped deliver a deluge of outperformance at Ocean Dial Asset Management’s Gateway to India fund. The Bombay index’s 11% return in 2016 has been swept away by Ocean Dial’s 37% return in British pound... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. The Trump Tax Plan: The Good, Bad, and Dumb Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Caterpillar Stock Revs Up Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Paul Wick: Bullish on Micron, Bearish on Tesla Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Banks, Restaurants, MLPs Could Win Under Tax Plan Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Fiberoptic Stocks Are Back, and This Time It’s for Real Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 How Secure Is the Swift Network? 2 Barron's Buzz: Caterpillar Revving Up? 3 Why Trump Gets a 100-Day Review — When Others Don’t Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
T20CRICKET LEAGUE Firstpost . Monday, May 01, 2017Switch to हिन्दी SportsTracker From aerodynamics to tyres, all F1 rule changes for 2017 season explained Front Page Politics AIADMK poll symbol bribery case: Delhi Police questions Sukesh Chandrasekhar's lawyer as probe widens Congress sacks Digvijay Singh for Goa fiasco but Gandhi clan still immune to accountability West Bengal BJP leader calls Mamata Banerjee 'eunuch'; TMC says people will give 'befitting reply' Public Accounts Committee can summon Prime Minister Narendra Modi, maintains outgoing panel chief KV Thomas Amarinder Singh pushes for Rahul Gandhi, says Congress president should be elected by consensus Delhi BJP chief Manoj Tiwari: Time to work for Delhi's slum dwellers Sports Sultan Azlan Shah Cup: India showed solidity and refined temperament in win against New Zealand In Aizawl FC's I-League title, Khalid Jamil earns redemption while Mizoram finds hope and recognition IPL 2017: Hapless Delhi Daredevils paid for making all the wrong choices against Kings XI Punjab Highlights, West Indies vs Pakistan, 2nd Test, Bridgetown: Roston Chase's ton gives visitors edge IPL 2017: David Warner's fearless ton in Sunrisers Hyderabad win proves he is master of T20 format IPL 2017: Sandeep Sharma returns to dismantle Delhi Daredevils as Kings XI Punjab bowlers finally deliver India Bride's family in Haryana holds groom and his family hostage after dowry demands Nagaon lynching: Assam cops detain two in state's first instance of cow vigilantism RERA myths busted: No big relief for stuck home buyers, house prices won't rise Sukma attack: Narrative of Maoist sympathisers has no takers, world must know about Naxal barbarism Labour Day: PM Modi salutes spirit of workers, wishes Gujarat, Maharashtra on foundation day Telangana's chilli crisis shows how state's myopic policy is ill equipped to deal with the problem of plenty World Donald Trump says US presidency affecting his family life; claims Melania being 'abused by the press' Turkey president Erdogan urges multilateral approach to Jammu and Kashmir; backs India, Pakistan for NSG Donald Trump accuses China of hacking Democrats' emails during US presidential polls Former UK PM Tony Blair to re-enter politics, set to oppose Brexit US President Donald Trump calls North Korea's Kim Jong-un 'a smart cookie' amid tensions Tornadoes, storms kill nine in U.S. South | Reuters Business RERA myths busted: No big relief for stuck home buyers, house prices won't rise Petrol price increased by 1 paisa, diesel by 44 paise a litre Petrol, diesel prices to be revised daily in Puducherry, Vizag, other 3 cities from today Real Estate Regulation Act comes into force today: Here's how it seeks to make a difference Google CEO Sundar Pichai takes home nearly $200 mn in compensation last year, gets stock award of $199 mn Life Ever been involved in bullying as a teenager? You are more likely to opt for plastic surgery, says research Time Machine: Physicist develops mathematical model for viable time travel Artificial intelligence: United States is at the forefront of this revolution, India can't afford to ignore it Don't worry, if you're a worrier, it's probably a good thing Smoke on the water: A travelogue of Kasol, Tosh and Malana Women and the workplace: Here's how we can help colleagues who are victims of abuse Entertainment Meet Mastanamma, 106-year-old grandmother who is one of India's most popular Youtubers Is Baahubali 2 a Hindu film? Dissecting religion, folklore, mythology in Rajamouli's epic saga Deepika Padukone on Raabta: 'Dinesh Vijan and I literally started our careers together' Salman Khan's Tubelight not to release in Pakistan? Local producers oppose competition on Eid Nach Baliye 8, Episode 9: Abigail-Sanam stun with their act; RJ Pritam-Amanjot eliminated That Vinod Khanna photograph: Obituary on the death of Human Decency and Privacy Photos Videos TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी IPL 2017 You are here: Latest News India News It's time to break the silence around menstruation, continue dialogue on sustainable disposal of sanitary waste It's time to break the silence around menstruation, continue dialogue on sustainable disposal of sanitary waste IndiaThe Ladies FingerApr, 28 2017 18:28:22 IST #Connectthedots#Karnataka#Kerala#Menstrual waste#Menstruation#Period#Period taboo#Sanitary waste By Maya Palit Isn't it ridiculous how there are endless euphemisms for menstruation? A study conducted by The International Women’s Health Coalition, received over 90,000 responses, spanning 190 different countries found that there are 5,000 different slang terms for the word “period". It’s no wonder then that menstruation is still a taboo in some parts of the world, including India. While the dialogue on period taboo and breaking the silence around it is crucial, measures for sustainable disposal of sanitary waste cannot be excluded from these conversations. Thiruvananthapuram has recognised this need by introducing the sustainable menstruation project, ‘Green the Red’. Green the Red is a straightforward campaignlaunched earlier this year by women who participated in the Bengaluru Pinkathon. The campaign attempts to spread information on alternatives to sanitary pads like the menstrual cup. According to J Devika, a professor at the Centre for Development Studies in Thiruvananthapuram, the drive (which has taken off in Karnataka as well) is being promoted by the city’s civic authorities, and the Thiruvananthapuram-based NGO Thanal is suggesting kickstarting the composting of sanitary waste. Representational image. Reuters. Thiruvananthapuram is also introducing various measures to create awareness that more needs to be done to encourage women to use eco-friendly alternatives to regular napkins. These include putting in place vending machines with cotton pads (three for Rs 10) in public spaces. Women having access to disposable pads is still a recent phenomenon, as they have traditionally recycled cloth scraps, and last year reports claimed that only 12 percent of the country’s menstruating women have access to pads. A serious discussion concerning waste management has always brought the spotlight on the need for an effective and environment-friendly disposal system for sanitary pads, because unsanitary disposal of menstrual waste regularly leads to the clogging of landfills, drainage and sewage systems. Talking about the sanitary pad waste footprint also leads us to focus on those handling it, like waste pickers, who tend to contract hepatitis, bacterial and other infections from handling pads that are wet, and occasionally, not covered. Last year, #PeriodofChange, a campaign created by the Kachra project (a socio-environmental movement around waste management in India) that held online seminars about sustainable menstrual hygiene and biodegradable alternatives to disposable sanitary pads, estimated that 150 kg of non-biodegradable absorbents from sanitary material are thrown in the trash by women every year. Environmental activists also reported that gel-based disposable sanitary napkins, which use super-absorbent polymers (a material, also known as slush powder, which can absorb large amounts of liquid) could take up to 500 years to decompose. The methods used to dispose sanitary waste vary across the country. Although technically, items containing blood or body fluids should be categorised as biomedical waste, used sanitary napkins are most often mixed with regular waste and collected by municipal corporations. So the government turned to incineration of menstrual waste that was heavily promoted by Swachh Bharat and Nirmal Bharat Abhiyan, its sanitation drives. And the incineration of pads through ‘mini incinerators’ was initially promoted in Tamil Nadu. But states and environmental activists remain divided about whether incineration is the answer. For instance, the Kerala government banned the installation of mini incinerators because they didn’t comply with the Central Pollution Control Board’s directives — this included the fact that they burnt sanitary waste at temperatures lower than that recommended by WHO guidelines, which suggest that health waste be burned at over 800 degrees. Incineration also leads to the emission of toxic fumes, which could trigger respiratory diseases. Shradha Shreejaya, an ecologist with the Kerala-based NGO Thanal, who is also part of the Sustainable Menstruation Collective in Kerala (a group of activists associated with various gender rights and environmental campaigns) says that sanitary waste is a particularly huge issue in the state. “Sanitary waste is not collected using a door-to-door system in Kerala. So women either burn or bury their waste in their backyards. Some flush it down the toilet, which also creates sewage problems, and, of course, complications arise because of manual scavenging. When they are burnt, it is just as bad, because the pads contain approximately 90 percent plastic, as well as gel and chlorine, which means we inhale these harmful dioxins.” While she agrees that campaigns like Green the Red are showing great promise by creating awareness about reusable menstrual products, Shreejaya maintains that there is still a long way to go to encourage women to switch to eco-friendly products. This is particularly because of the drawbacks that accompany environmental-friendly products: “At the moment, banana fibre pads and organic pads for instance, are expensive, so no organisation is being able to create a profitable model. The pricing isn’t competitive yet either, and would need government subsidies or similar endorsements to make them more accessible.” Another hitch that Shreejaya points out is that the health, quality, and hygiene standards for pads are still dictated by industrial standards, and often influenced by the research and development wings of multinational companies like Kimberly-Clark or Procter & Gamble. The companies disqualify biodegradable and reusable products, (which have, in the past, been less than forthcoming about discussions on managing menstrual waste management) so that even gynaecologists are reluctant to refer them to their patients. But there’s an eco-friendly alternative that has been steadily doing the rounds on both social media and in the news — the reusable menstrual cup. Bharti Kannan, an activist for the menstrual cup with Boondh, an organisation that sells the cup for Rs 500 and provides subsidies in marginalised communities in Rajasthan, Jharkhand, Uttarakhand and others, says that reusable pads are not affordable for everyone. While she applauds Thiruvananthapuram’s efforts to promote eco-friendly alternatives, she wishes more options, from period panties to cloth pads and the cup were also endorsed by the scheme, so that women with different lifestyles can choose from a combination of products. What about other Indian cities? Some have witnessed a renewed interest in an attempt to start conversations about increasing access to low-cost sanitary pads — Tamil Nadu-based entrepreneur Arunachalam Muruganantham’s ‘low cost’ sanitary pad machine was a particularly notable innovation — and changing the way we dispose of our sanitary waste. In February, the ‘Red Dot’ campaign was launched in collaboration with Pune’s waste-picker cooperative and trade unions, and demanded that people mark their sanitary waste with a red dot to identify it. But while this initiative could well make a tangible difference to the workers handling sanitary waste, other campaigns like research associate Deane de Menezes’ efforts in Mumbai schools, tend to fall back on the pad-dispenser-and-incinerator model, which brings you back to square one as far as environmental concerns go. It’s too early to tell whether the campaign in Thiruvananthapuram will see enormous success. For now, its prioritisation of environmental concerns by making sure women have access to eco-friendly napkins (rather than solely promoting incineration), and its sensitivity to consumer needs through its focus on cheap alternatives, appears to be a move in the right direction. One that perhaps, India’s other metros can emulate. The Ladies Finger (TLF) is a leading online women’s magazine delivering fresh and witty perspectives on politics, culture, health, sex, work and everything in between. #Connectthedots#Karnataka#Kerala#Menstrual waste#Menstruation#Period#Period taboo#Sanitary waste Published Date: Apr 28, 2017 05:59 pm | Updated Date: Apr 28, 2017 06:28 pm Also See After Odisha, BJP sets sights on Andhra, Telangana, TN and Kerala, but will find South a tough nut to crack Drought in South India: As summer kicks in, TN, Karnataka and other states stare at another water crisis South India's Drought Part 2: Chennai slum dwellers forced to beg for water, authorities remain helpless T20 LEAGUE SCHEDULE Match Date Details 1 May 1 MI Vs RCB 2 May 1 RPS Vs GL 3 May 2 DD Vs SRH 4 May 3 KKR Vs RPS 5 May 4 DD Vs GL Full Schedule Top Stories That Vinod Khanna photograph: Obituary on the death of Human Decency and Privacy Justice Karnan to be Medically Examined, SC Cancels His Past Orders IPL 2017: Sandeep Sharma returns to dismantle Delhi Daredevils as Kings XI Punjab bowlers finally deliver Hindi debate: Union Minister Nirmala Sitharaman rejects DMK's charge of language imposition How to save taxes on a home loan RERA myths busted: No big relief for stuck home buyers, house prices won't rise Turkey president Erdogan urges multilateral approach to Jammu and Kashmir; backs India, Pakistan for NSG Left-led Kerala govt will be first in country to provide insurance, free medical treatment for migrant workers Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Indian Premier League, 2017 HYD Vs KOL Sunrisers Hyderabad beat Kolkata Knight Riders by 48 runs Pakistan in West Indies, 3 Test Series, 2017 WI Vs PAK Live Now Indian Premier League, 2017 PUN Vs DEL Kings XI Punjab beat Delhi Daredevils by 10 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 GUJ Vs MUM Gujarat Lions tied with Mumbai Indians (Mumbai Indians win Super Over by 5 runs) Indian Premier League, 2017 PNE Vs BLR Rising Pune Supergiant beat Royal Challengers Bangalore by 61 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 PUN Vs HYD Sunrisers Hyderabad beat Kings XI Punjab by 26 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 KOL Vs DEL Kolkata Knight Riders beat Delhi Daredevils by 7 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 BLR Vs GUJ Gujarat Lions beat Royal Challengers Bangalore by 7 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 PNE Vs KOL Kolkata Knight Riders beat Rising Pune Supergiant by 7 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 BLR Vs HYD Match Abandoned Indian Premier League, 2017 MUM vs BLR - May 1st, 2017, 04:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 PNE vs GUJ - May 1st, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 DEL vs HYD - May 2nd, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 KOL vs PNE - May 3rd, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 DEL vs GUJ - May 4th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Ireland in England, 2 ODI Series, 2017 ENG vs IRE - May 5th, 2017, 03:30 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 BLR vs PUN - May 5th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 HYD vs PNE - May 6th, 2017, 04:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 DEL vs MUM - May 6th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Ireland in England, 2 ODI Series, 2017 ENG vs IRE - May 7th, 2017, 03:30 PM IST Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus India Open 2017 New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Cartoons Video Room eBooks Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India Delhi MCD Elections 2017 Results - Live Counting Delhi MCD Elections 2017 South Delhi MCD Election Ward List 2017 North Delhi MCD Election Ward List 2017 East Delhi MCD Election Ward List 2017 IPL 2017 E-Learning Franchise Opportunity Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
What we do WARC brings together marketing information that helps you grow your business. Gain knowledge & know-how Unbiased advice on almost any advertising issue Stay on top of change Brand, category and media intelligence from the front lines of advertising Benchmark your advertising Find out how the world's most successful brands use advertising Uncover insights & trends Build powerful advertising ideas on smart insights Find data you can trust Global advertising data to help you make the right judgments Who uses WARC WARC is used by major companies from all corners of the advertising industry. Advertisers Benchmark your plans and improve your effectiveness Agencies Win new business, and grow your existing clients Media Owners Drive ad revenue by building a compelling case for your channel Universities Educate students, inform teaching and drive research Explore Get to know WARC through a few of our most popular resources. Awards Submit your case study to one of WARC's free-to-enter awards schemes WARC 100 Our annual ranking of the world's top marketing campaigns and companies News & Opinion Daily coverage of key developments for marketers worldwide Webinars Learn how to tackle marketing challenges from leading experts in our series of in-depth webinars Case Finder Search our cases by industry, media and more Topics Best practice and guidance on 100+ marketing topics Contact us Our offices around the world. Americas 2233 Wisconsin Ave NW Suite 535 Washington, DC 20007 United States t: +1 202 778 0680 e: americas@warc.com Asia Pacific 20A Teck Lim Road 088391 Singapore t: +65 3157 6200 e: asiapacific@warc.com EMEA 85 Newman Street London W1T 3EU United Kingdom t: +44 (0)20 7467 8100 e: enquiries@warc.com Full details for all offices > Log in Get a demo Tools Case Finder WARC 100 Strategy Toolkit ROI Benchmarker WARC Plus Pitch Builder Advanced Search Topics Topics Industry Sectors Geographies Best Practice Company Profiles Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Homepage Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards Log in Get a demo > Back Topics Brands & branding Campaign development Campaign measurement Consumer research & insight Marketing management Marketing strategy Media channels & touchpoints Media strategy Target audiences > Back Industry Sectors Alcoholic drinks Automotive Business & industrial Clothing & accessories Financial services Food Government & non-profit Household & domestic Leisure & entertainment Media & publishing Pharma & healthcare Retail Soft drinks Technology & electronics Telecoms & utilities Tobacco Toiletries & cosmetics Transport & tourism Geographies > Back Africa Australia & New Zealand Canada East Asia France Germany Greater China Italy Latin America Middle East & North Africa Russia & Eastern Europe South Asia South East Asia United Kingdom United States > Back Or try Advanced Search Get a demo Do I subscribe? News sign-up More must be done to tackle China ad fraud News, 01 May 2017 Topics Online ad fraud BEIJING: AdMaster, a Chinese marketing technology firm, released a white paper last year that highlighted the scale of digital ad fraud in China and now two leading executives from the company have warned that the problem is getting worse. Calvin Chan, Chief Operating Officer at AdMaster, and Peiyu Ren, the company's VP of Products, told eMarketer in an interview that the proportion of invalid traffic had risen to 38.7% of total digital advertising by the end of December last year. That compared to 28.9% in January 2016, the figure highlighted in AdMaster's 2016 Digital Advertising Anti Ad-fraud White Paper, which was published in September. According to Ren, AdMaster screens invalid traffic across four categories – abnormalities of frequency, source and behaviour as well as unstable users. By these measures, the company found that vertical media, rather than online TV platforms, have the worst levels of invalid traffic because many publishers only accept image-tag tracking and don't allow third-party verification. Media focusing on the verticals of women, mothers and babies as well as automative perform particularly badly in this regard, Ren said. "Some organisations use scripts in a program or automated task software to simulate users’ behaviour – such as opening a website, viewing or clicking an ad in a website or app," he explained. He added that one of the problems in China is that mobile devices are so cheap, which helps unscrupulous companies to buy thousands of them and then change the device ID to take control and generate ad traffic. When asked what are the biggest challenges to overcome in China when it comes to building a trustworthy advertising ecosystem, Ren said that it's very important to create an industry standard and to improve the transparency of data. Both he and Chan welcomed the well-publicised demands by Procter & Gamble for better practice in the industry, although they said marketers in China are beginning to work towards developing higher standards. On viewability, for example, Chan pointed to the Mobile Marketing Association (MMA) China and the China Media Assessment Council (CMAC), China's version of the Media Rating Council, and both organisations have been working closely with the MRC and the Interactive Advertising Bureau in the US. "The final product is probably going to be based on the experience and the standards in the US generated by the IAB, the MRC and the MMA, or even the Trustworthy Accountability Group," he said. Data sourced from eMarketer; additional content by WARC staff Sign up for daily news Latest News Good use of data underpins email marketing News 'Serendipitous' content connects with consumers News Qantas goes back to basics on data News More must be done to tackle China ad fraud News Verizon's measurement priorities News 2017 will see 3.5bn internet users worldwide News Half of UK youngsters watch pirated sports News P&G plans $2bn further marketing cuts View more News and Opinion More from WARC What we know about online ad fraud Overcoming ad fraud: Can integrity and collaboration solve China’s fraud problem? Fraud in Digital Advertising: A Multibillion-Dollar Black Hole: How Marketers Can Minimize Losses Caused by Bogus Web Traffic Get a demo Topics Online ad fraud 
 Please enter your feedback. Submit Send feedback www.warc.com © Copyright 2017 All rights reserved including database rights. This electronic file is for the personal use of authorised users based at the subscribing company's office location. It may not be reproduced, posted on intranets, extranets or the internet, e-mailed, archived or shared electronically either within the purchaser's organisation or externally without express written permission from WARC. × Close Email this content Send colleagues a link to this content. To send to more than one recipient, put a comma between email addresss. Recipient name: Recipient email: Message (optional): Send me a copy of this email as well. Cancel Email Tools Case Finder WARC 100 ROI Benchmarker Strategy Toolkit WARC Plus Pitch Support Index Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards More About Contacts Help Sitemap Store Partners Event Listings Admap Best Practice Quotebank Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions © 2017 Copyright and Database Rights owned by WARC By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more here Hide message × Close Subscriber Login Not a subscriber? Forgotten your password? Login via Open Athens University Login Cancel Login
Just In 43mins Struggling Delhi Daredevils have onerous task at hand against SRH 57mins SC orders Justice Karnan to be medically examined 1hr Railways to track wagons, coaches with RFID tags 1hr Sonu Sood to make a biopic on shuttler P.V. Sindhu 1hr Five wagons of goods train derail near Dudhani 4hrs Manoj Tiwari’s house ransacked Man shot at by suspected militants in J&K Warner powers Sunrisers to win over KKR Trade deal needed before Brexit payment, says May Two killed in Assam for ‘cow theft’ ‘U.S. has committed to payment for THAAD’ ‘Mosul re-capture will be complete in 3 weeks’ Multiple tornadoes kill at least four in Texas Germany’s Merkel to press Saudi Arabia on refugees, rights Indian American comedian roasts Trump at media dinner Home News National International States Cities Opinion Cartoon Columns Editorial Interview Lead Readers' Editor Comment Open Page Letters Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Stock Quotes Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Athletics Motorsport Races Other Sports Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Sci-Tech Science Technology Health Agriculture Environment Gadgets Internet thREAD The Brexit boost to Ireland Share On JUST IN 43mins Struggling Delhi Daredevils have onerous task at hand against SRH 57mins SC orders Justice Karnan to be medically examined 1hr Railways to track wagons, coaches with RFID tags 1hr Sonu Sood to make a biopic on shuttler P.V. Sindhu 1hr Five wagons of goods train derail near Dudhani 4hrs Manoj Tiwari’s house ransacked Man shot at by suspected militants in J&K Warner powers Sunrisers to win over KKR Trade deal needed before Brexit payment, says May Two killed in Assam for ‘cow theft’ ‘U.S. has committed to payment for THAAD’ ‘Mosul re-capture will be complete in 3 weeks’ Multiple tornadoes kill at least four in Texas Germany’s Merkel to press Saudi Arabia on refugees, rights Indian American comedian roasts Trump at media dinner CLOSE Education Careers Colleges Schools Ground Zero | A rare genetic mutation Education Education The Brexit boost to Ireland Madhuvanti S. Krishnan April 30, 2017 15:00 IST Updated: April 29, 2017 14:40 IST Share Article PRINT A A A Barry O’Driscoll   Madhuvanti S. Krishnan April 30, 2017 15:00 IST Updated: April 29, 2017 14:40 IST more-in With its stay-back visa option, Ireland offers a conducive environment for higher study Following the 2016 referendum vote to pull out of the European Union (EU), the U.K. government started the withdrawal process in March, this year. This spells a sea change in Ireland’s education scenario and the opportunities available for students. Barry O’Driscoll, senior education advisor, Education in Ireland, admits how, since the Brexit referendum, higher education institutions in Ireland have witnessed a notable increase in enquiries and applications from international students, outside the European Union. “They know that there is certainty with Ireland,” explained Barry. “Our membership of the EU has played an integral role in building Ireland’s reputation as a location for world-class research and as a centre of excellence in higher education. All of Ireland’s universities are ranked in the top 5% globally, and in many fields of research, rank in the top one per cent, globally. Ireland’s place in the EU will ensure that Irish higher education institutions continue to access valuable EU funding so that Ireland remains at the forefront of research and innovation,” he affirmed. Many of Ireland’s higher education institutions offer merit-based scholarships. In this regard, Barry said that many of the national educational fairs gave parents and students a chance to discuss this further with admissions staff. “In terms of post-study work opportunities, over a thousand technology companies, half of the world’s financial institutions, nine out of 10 global pharmaceutical corporations and 17 out of the top 25 medical device companies are based in Ireland,” he added. Work opportunities The primary focus of most students who go abroad to purse higher education is an employment offer post-graduation, in the foreign land, in order to gain exposure and experience. The 24-month stay-back visa option plays an instrumental role in facilitating this for students who have been studying in Ireland. “This allows graduates at the master’s and Ph.D level the chance to remain in Ireland for 24 months after their studies to seek employment. Currently, Ireland has skill shortage in particular areas such as software engineering, mechanical engineering, biomedical sciences, data analytics, fintech and international finance. Highly skilled international graduates are well-placed to take advantage of opportunities in areas such as these,” elaborated Barry. “At Education in Ireland, we say that Ireland offers the ‘warmest of welcomes’ to international students. We believe that while other countries are becoming more restrictive to international students, our recently announced extension to our stay-back option amply demonstrates that we are an open and welcoming society,” elucidated Barry. “Given Ireland’s location as an English-speaking island in Western Europe, we could be described as a gateway between Europe and the United States. Many of the programmes offered by our higher education institutions offer internships. That many Indian students have gone on to secure positions with leading companies such as Intel, Ernst and Young, IBM, Hewlett Packard and Procter and Gamble, bears ample testimony to our welcoming culture.” Prominence Souvik Roy from Kolkata, who is pursuing his master’s in electronic engineering from the National University of Ireland, Maynooth (NUIM), concurred. He explained how, much like his peers from around the globe who were applying to universities abroad, he too was confused as finding the right college and course, especially abroad, could be arduous. “There is also the stereotype that a degree abroad means the U.S., the U.K. or Germany!” he said. “While all these countries must have great education systems, colleges in Ireland have some of the best programmes. The environment is perfectly conducive for studies,” he added. He admitted that Brexit did bring a lot more prominence to Ireland as, other than the U.K, Ireland is the only country that speaks English in Europe, which is a great deal for companies, more so because Ireland is with EU. “I have seen a lot of freshers struggling to find a job here, but experienced professionals like me who take a career break and come here to study have a greater chance of grabbing jobs.” In the light of the rise in hate crimes in the U.S, students are increasingly wary about safety concerns involved in studying abroad. Ireland receives approval in this area as well. “As an international student, one of the primary concerns is safety and security in a foreign land. Ireland is a peaceful country with almost zero hate crimes,” said Roy. Kiran Varman Srinivasan, who is pursuing his B.Sc Aircraft Maintenance and Airworthiness Engineering at University of Limerick (UL), echoed this view. “I chose to study in Ireland as it is one of the friendliest and safest countries in the world. What’s more, it is investing a lot in its education system and offers many internationally-recognised qualifications.” Post a Comment More In Education study abroad education Related Articles << Previous Story Strains of revolt Next Story >> Please Wait while comments are loading... Comments will be moderated by The Hindu editorial team. Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters, or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text. (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). We may remove hyperlinks within comments. Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Printable version | May 1, 2017 12:31:00 PM | http://www.thehindu.com/education/the-brexit-boost-to-ireland/article18302298.ece © The Hindu IT-BPM industry a sterling example of workplace diversity It has been showing a steady increase in women’s participation Meena Sinha Top Picks in The Hindu today Tihar electrical repair shop finds many fans After a run of 76 years, BBC Tamil Radio to go off air This Delhi café is dedicated to dogs Avatars of Ajith Rallying India for tribute to Mandela Beekeeping to taste sweet for tribal women Baking with millets? Recipes now at your fingertips When radio played a role in food security Three apps to boost your career A bird's eye view of twin cities CLOSE THIS MENU TRENDING TODAY Chennai Hyderabad Bengaluru Videos Entertainment Today's Paper ePaper News National International Elections Goa 2017 Uttar Pradesh 2017 Uttarakhand 2017 Punjab 2017 Manipur 2017 Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget States Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other States Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Opinion Editorial Lead Comment Columns Interview Cartoon Open Page Readers' Editor Letters Sport Athletics Cricket Football Hockey Motorsport Other Sports Races Tennis Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Children Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Technology Gadgets Internet Sci-Tech Agriculture Environment Health Education Careers Colleges Schools Multimedia Photos Videos Podcast Data Specials Crossword Resources Tags thREAD Archive Classifieds eBooks Subscribe Social About Us CONNECT WITH US CLOSE THIS MENU Home News Opinion Business Sport Entertainment Life & Style Society Books Sci-Tech thREAD THE SITE About Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contacts Archive Subscribe GROUP SITES The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre RoofandFloor STEP Publications eBooks Images Classifieds Send your feedback to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.inCopyright© 2017, The Hindu
