CLOSE Saudi Arabia World Opinion Business Technology Sport Rio Olympics 2016 Life Art & Culture Drive Explore Faith Fashion Tuesday, March 21, 2017 SG ePaper Saudi Arabia World Opinion Business Technology Sport Rio Olympics 2016 Life Who’s happy, who’s not: Norway tops list, US falls ‘Sesame Street’ to tackle autism with new muppet Rock ‘n’ roll pioneer Chuck Berry dead at 90 Through sculptures, Saudi kitchen artist seeks to fuse the realms of art and food Echoes of paradise: the Maldives AllArt & CultureDriveExploreFaithFashion Home Business KSA: P&G’s manufacturing location of choice Business KSA: P&G’s manufacturing location of choice March 19, 2017 194 1 SHARE Facebook Twitter By Hani Ismail Procter & Gamble, Saudi Arabia Country Manager   AS a Saudi national, I am proud of how much my country has developed as it has progressed at a rapid pace. The Kingdom is the tenth largest country in the world by GDP per capita and it has become, according to the World Bank, the ‘strongest Arab economy’ in the world. Today there is a main focus that looks beyond what brought our main source of economic growth, namely oil and gas, to promote a more diversified economy. The government’s strategic vision is to create an economy that supports and fosters private sector entrepreneurial spirit, one that encourages innovation and provides employment for hundreds of thousands of Saudi youths. There has been a lot of talk about economic diversification, as well as transforming Saudi Arabia into a hub for businesses across the globe. I wanted to share a different story, that of my own company. Through our partnership with the Abu Dawood family, Procter & Gamble has been present in Saudi Arabia for over sixty years. During that time, we have invested hundreds of millions of dollars in establishing two state-of-the-art manufacturing plants. Where we have hired thousands of men and women, the majority of them Saudi nationals. The Kingdom has long been a manufacturing hub for Procter & Gamble; we export brands such as Always, Ariel, Downy, Fairy, Head & Shoulders, Pampers, Pantene and Tide to over twenty countries in two continents. Our operations in Dammam, Jeddah and Riyadh are key to our growth across a wider region. The question I am often asked is, ‘Why Saudi?’ My response is always the same. Saudi Arabia has offered and continues to offer Procter & Gamble the foremost location in the region for manufacturing. There is ample space to build manufacturing facilities, which is supported by the Saudi Industrial Property Authority’s integrated infrastructure and services. Our two production facilities are cutting-edge; we have hosted visits from our colleagues in countries as far off as Japan who have sought to learn how we manufacturer in Saudi at such high levels of efficiency. There is the cost of production; energy and water rates are amongst the most competitive in the world. This will change as subsidies are removed and we are doing our part to conserve resources, leverage renewable energy to power our facilities, and ensure that we have no waste going to landfill. On top of that, the Kingdom has a world-class, diversified transportation infrastructure which means that our supply chain operates efficiently, both inbound and outbound. Furthermore, I would like to share the most important differentiator to Procter & Gamble when it comes to our operations in Saudi, which is the people. I am proud of the remarkable talent that we have in this country, especially among the youth. We employ approximately 900 people directly at our sites in the country, of whom 70% are Saudi nationals. We have employed tens of thousands more during the company’s history. Many of P&G’s Saudi employees work outside of the country, in locations as near as Dubai and as far as our HQ in Cincinnati and Geneva. They have proved time and time again that there is no obstacle or challenge that they cannot overcome. When I look at Saudi Arabia, I see potential. I know that my company feels the same. For these reasons and many more, Saudi will remain P&G’s manufacturing location of choice. I have many hopes for the future of my country and welcome other multinationals to learn from our experience as they grow their presence in the region.   TAGS Gas Oil P&G Saudi national SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleCampaign to collect used textbooks launched Next articleMaharaj bowls S. Africa to victory Ajaz Ali RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR King’s 3-week Asia tour opens new avenues of investment The Libyan balance of power changes Middle East holds nearly 30% of world’s heavy oil reserves: Study 1 COMMENT Hani Khoja March 20, 2017 at 10:06 PM Proud to be a P&G Alum from Saudi operations. It taught me skills; cognitive and non-cognitive. It gave me confidence to lead. It exposed to the outside world through broadening assignments. I left after 13 years, but my heart remains within the halls of P&G Arabian Peninsula. Most of my friends have also been part of this great leadership factory. Reply LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Please enter an answer in digits: fifteen − 11 = Currently you have JavaScript disabled. In order to post comments, please make sure JavaScript and Cookies are enabled, and reload the page. Click here for instructions on how to enable JavaScript in your browser. March 2017 S M T W T F S « Feb       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   STAY CONNECTED 1,602,195FansLike 43,135FollowersFollow Ads Recent Posts King’s visit bolstered strategic ties: Cabinet March 21, 2017 King’s 3-week Asia tour opens new avenues of investment March 21, 2017 Saudi students found dead in US March 21, 2017 Who’s happy, who’s not: Norway tops list, US falls March 21, 2017 Shoura Council to discuss flaws in public works system today March 21, 2017 Archives March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 © Saudi Gazette 2015 All rights reserved. OKAZ AL-NADI
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News HSBC Holdings plc Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSB) J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) Rating Reiterated by Beaufort Securities Canaccord Genuity Increases Prudential plc (PRU) Price Target to GBX 1,900 Restaurant Group PLC (RTN) PT Raised to GBX 300 at HSBC Holdings plc Zacks: Jounce Therapeutics Inc (JNCE) Given Consensus Rating of “” by Analysts Erie Indemnity Company (ERIE) Given Average Rating of “” by Analysts Zacks: Hanover Insurance Group Inc (THG) Given Consensus Recommendation of “” by Brokerages Zacks: Immune Design Corp (IMDZ) Receives Average Recommendation of “” from Analysts Gem Diamonds Limited (GEMD) Earns Buy Rating from FinnCap Orchard Funding Group PLC (ORCH) Rating Reiterated by FinnCap GRAFTON GROUP PLC UT (1 ORD, 1 C’s (GFTU) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” PGT Innovations Inc (PGTI) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Agilent Technologies Inc (A) Upgraded at Morgan Stanley Shoe Carnival, Inc. (SCVL) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Thursday Unico American Co. (UNAM) to Release Earnings on Thursday Five Below Inc (FIVE) Rating Reiterated by Loop Capital Deutsche Lufthansa AG (DLAKY) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades First Business Financial Services Inc (FBIZ) to “Hold” Fly Leasing Ltd (FLY) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Baird Financial Group Inc. Lowers Stake in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) March 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Baird Financial Group Inc. cut its stake in Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) by 3.5% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 1,257,262 shares of the company’s stock after selling 45,676 shares during the period. Procter & Gamble Co makes up approximately 0.9% of Baird Financial Group Inc.’s holdings, making the stock its 15th largest position. Baird Financial Group Inc.’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Co were worth $105,711,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other hedge funds have also recently bought and sold shares of PG. Beacon Financial Group boosted its stake in Procter & Gamble Co by 1.4% in the third quarter. Beacon Financial Group now owns 116,173 shares of the company’s stock valued at $10,250,000 after buying an additional 1,626 shares in the last quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. boosted its stake in Procter & Gamble Co by 4.0% in the second quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. now owns 148,651 shares of the company’s stock valued at $12,586,000 after buying an additional 5,732 shares in the last quarter. Carnick & Kubik Group LLC purchased a new stake in Procter & Gamble Co during the second quarter valued at about $2,732,000. Williams Jones & Associates LLC boosted its stake in Procter & Gamble Co by 217.0% in the second quarter. Williams Jones & Associates LLC now owns 116,203 shares of the company’s stock valued at $9,839,000 after buying an additional 79,545 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund purchased a new stake in Procter & Gamble Co during the second quarter valued at about $9,100,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 68.33% of the company’s stock. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) opened at 91.00 on Friday. The company’s 50 day moving average is $89.77 and its 200 day moving average is $86.86. The company has a market cap of $232.64 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.67 and a beta of 0.64. Procter & Gamble Co has a 12-month low of $79.10 and a 12-month high of $92.00. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) last announced its earnings results on Friday, January 20th. The company reported $1.08 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.06 by $0.02. The company earned $16.90 billion during the quarter. Procter & Gamble Co had a net margin of 23.44% and a return on equity of 18.58%. The business’s quarterly revenue was down .3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $1.04 earnings per share. Analysts forecast that Procter & Gamble Co will post $3.84 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. Your IP Address: Several analysts have issued reports on the stock. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $101.00 target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research note on Thursday. Vetr upgraded shares of Procter & Gamble Co from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $88.80 target price on the stock in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $90.00 target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research note on Thursday, February 16th. Barclays PLC set a $93.00 target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Co and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, February 18th. Finally, B. Riley cut shares of Procter & Gamble Co to a “neutral” rating and set a $91.00 target price on the stock. in a research note on Saturday, March 11th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have given a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Procter & Gamble Co presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $90.79. In other Procter & Gamble Co news, CEO David S. Taylor sold 38,000 shares of Procter & Gamble Co stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, February 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $88.55, for a total transaction of $3,364,900.00. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, SVP Valarie L. Sheppard sold 20,910 shares of Procter & Gamble Co stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, January 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $87.00, for a total transaction of $1,819,170.00. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now directly owns 37,835 shares in the company, valued at approximately $3,291,645. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 401,936 shares of company stock worth $35,928,133 in the last ninety days. Insiders own 0.35% of the company’s stock. Procter & Gamble Co Company Profile The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News HSBC Holdings plc Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSB) J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) Rating Reiterated by Beaufort Securities Canaccord Genuity Increases Prudential plc (PRU) Price Target to GBX 1,900 Restaurant Group PLC (RTN) PT Raised to GBX 300 at HSBC Holdings plc Zacks: Jounce Therapeutics Inc (JNCE) Given Consensus Rating of “” by Analysts Erie Indemnity Company (ERIE) Given Average Rating of “” by Analysts Zacks: Hanover Insurance Group Inc (THG) Given Consensus Recommendation of “” by Brokerages Zacks: Immune Design Corp (IMDZ) Receives Average Recommendation of “” from Analysts Gem Diamonds Limited (GEMD) Earns Buy Rating from FinnCap Orchard Funding Group PLC (ORCH) Rating Reiterated by FinnCap GRAFTON GROUP PLC UT (1 ORD, 1 C’s (GFTU) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” PGT Innovations Inc (PGTI) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Agilent Technologies Inc (A) Upgraded at Morgan Stanley Shoe Carnival, Inc. (SCVL) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Thursday Unico American Co. (UNAM) to Release Earnings on Thursday Five Below Inc (FIVE) Rating Reiterated by Loop Capital Deutsche Lufthansa AG (DLAKY) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades First Business Financial Services Inc (FBIZ) to “Hold” Fly Leasing Ltd (FLY) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Welch Investments LLC Takes Position in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) March 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Welch Investments LLC purchased a new position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor purchased 43,075 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $3,622,000. Procter & Gamble Co accounts for approximately 3.2% of Welch Investments LLC’s holdings, making the stock its 22nd largest position. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of PG. Beacon Financial Group increased its position in Procter & Gamble Co by 1.4% in the third quarter. Beacon Financial Group now owns 116,173 shares of the company’s stock worth $10,250,000 after buying an additional 1,626 shares during the period. Macquarie Group Ltd. increased its position in Procter & Gamble Co by 4.0% in the second quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. now owns 148,651 shares of the company’s stock worth $12,586,000 after buying an additional 5,732 shares during the period. Carnick & Kubik Group LLC bought a new position in Procter & Gamble Co during the second quarter worth $2,732,000. Williams Jones & Associates LLC increased its position in Procter & Gamble Co by 217.0% in the second quarter. Williams Jones & Associates LLC now owns 116,203 shares of the company’s stock worth $9,839,000 after buying an additional 79,545 shares during the period. Finally, Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund bought a new position in Procter & Gamble Co during the second quarter worth $9,100,000. 68.33% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) opened at 91.00 on Friday. Procter & Gamble Co has a 12-month low of $79.10 and a 12-month high of $92.00. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $89.77 and its 200-day moving average price is $86.86. The company has a market cap of $232.64 billion, a PE ratio of 16.67 and a beta of 0.64. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Friday, January 20th. The company reported $1.08 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.06 by $0.02. The company had revenue of $16.90 billion for the quarter. Procter & Gamble Co had a net margin of 23.44% and a return on equity of 18.58%. Procter & Gamble Co’s revenue for the quarter was down .3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $1.04 EPS. Equities research analysts forecast that Procter & Gamble Co will post $3.84 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. Your IP Address: A number of research analysts have recently weighed in on the company. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $101.00 price target on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research note on Thursday. Vetr raised Procter & Gamble Co from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $88.80 price target on the stock in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. Deutsche Bank AG reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $90.00 price target on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research note on Thursday, February 16th. Barclays PLC set a $93.00 price target on Procter & Gamble Co and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, February 18th. Finally, B. Riley downgraded Procter & Gamble Co to a “neutral” rating and set a $91.00 price target on the stock. in a research note on Saturday, March 11th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have given a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $90.79. In other news, SVP Valarie L. Sheppard sold 20,910 shares of Procter & Gamble Co stock in a transaction on Monday, January 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $87.00, for a total transaction of $1,819,170.00. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now owns 37,835 shares in the company, valued at $3,291,645. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, CFO Jon R. Moeller sold 3,411 shares of Procter & Gamble Co stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $91.21, for a total transaction of $311,117.31. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders have sold 401,936 shares of company stock worth $35,928,133. 0.35% of the stock is owned by company insiders. About Procter & Gamble Co The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News HSBC Holdings plc Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSB) J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) Rating Reiterated by Beaufort Securities Canaccord Genuity Increases Prudential plc (PRU) Price Target to GBX 1,900 Restaurant Group PLC (RTN) PT Raised to GBX 300 at HSBC Holdings plc Zacks: Jounce Therapeutics Inc (JNCE) Given Consensus Rating of “” by Analysts Erie Indemnity Company (ERIE) Given Average Rating of “” by Analysts Zacks: Hanover Insurance Group Inc (THG) Given Consensus Recommendation of “” by Brokerages Zacks: Immune Design Corp (IMDZ) Receives Average Recommendation of “” from Analysts Gem Diamonds Limited (GEMD) Earns Buy Rating from FinnCap Orchard Funding Group PLC (ORCH) Rating Reiterated by FinnCap GRAFTON GROUP PLC UT (1 ORD, 1 C’s (GFTU) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” PGT Innovations Inc (PGTI) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Agilent Technologies Inc (A) Upgraded at Morgan Stanley Shoe Carnival, Inc. (SCVL) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Thursday Unico American Co. (UNAM) to Release Earnings on Thursday Five Below Inc (FIVE) Rating Reiterated by Loop Capital Deutsche Lufthansa AG (DLAKY) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades First Business Financial Services Inc (FBIZ) to “Hold” Fly Leasing Ltd (FLY) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Jupiter Asset Management Ltd. Maintains Stake in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) March 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Jupiter Asset Management Ltd. continued to hold its stake in Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The firm owned 134,213 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the fourth quarter. Jupiter Asset Management Ltd.’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Co were worth $11,285,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds have also added to or reduced their stakes in PG. Diversified Trust Co raised its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 0.5% in the third quarter. Diversified Trust Co now owns 20,866 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,873,000 after buying an additional 109 shares during the period. Independent Franchise Partners LLP raised its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 1.9% in the third quarter. Independent Franchise Partners LLP now owns 4,277,830 shares of the company’s stock worth $383,935,000 after buying an additional 81,713 shares during the period. Private Asset Management Inc. raised its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 2.6% in the third quarter. Private Asset Management Inc. now owns 79,440 shares of the company’s stock worth $7,130,000 after buying an additional 2,039 shares during the period. Mason Street Advisors LLC purchased a new position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co during the second quarter worth $30,357,000. Finally, Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund purchased a new position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co during the second quarter worth $9,100,000. 68.33% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) opened at 91.44 on Friday. Procter & Gamble Co has a 52 week low of $79.10 and a 52 week high of $91.89. The company has a market cap of $233.76 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.75 and a beta of 0.64. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $89.64 and a 200 day moving average price of $86.84. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) last announced its earnings results on Friday, January 20th. The company reported $1.08 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.06 by $0.02. Procter & Gamble Co had a return on equity of 18.58% and a net margin of 23.44%. The firm had revenue of $16.90 billion for the quarter. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $1.04 EPS. Procter & Gamble Co’s quarterly revenue was down .3% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts forecast that Procter & Gamble Co will post $3.84 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Stockholders of record on Friday, January 20th were paid a $0.6695 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, January 18th. This represents a $2.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.93%. Procter & Gamble Co’s payout ratio is presently 48.73%. Your IP Address: A number of brokerages have recently weighed in on PG. B. Riley reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $106.00 target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research note on Saturday, November 26th. Barclays PLC set a $93.00 target price on Procter & Gamble Co and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, February 18th. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $101.00 target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research note on Thursday. Goldman Sachs Group Inc lowered Procter & Gamble Co from a “neutral” rating to a “sell” rating and lowered their target price for the stock from $86.00 to $77.00 in a research note on Monday, January 9th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a “hold” rating and set a $90.00 target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research note on Thursday, February 16th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have given a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Procter & Gamble Co presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $90.79. In related news, insider Marylynn Fergusonmchugh sold 61,208 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 22nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $91.56, for a total value of $5,604,204.48. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, insider Juan Fernando Posada sold 7,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, January 30th. The shares were sold at an average price of $86.75, for a total value of $607,250.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 21,989 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,907,545.75. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 401,936 shares of company stock worth $35,928,133 in the last 90 days. Company insiders own 0.35% of the company’s stock. Procter & Gamble Co Company Profile The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News HSBC Holdings plc Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSB) J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) Rating Reiterated by Beaufort Securities Canaccord Genuity Increases Prudential plc (PRU) Price Target to GBX 1,900 Restaurant Group PLC (RTN) PT Raised to GBX 300 at HSBC Holdings plc Zacks: Jounce Therapeutics Inc (JNCE) Given Consensus Rating of “” by Analysts Erie Indemnity Company (ERIE) Given Average Rating of “” by Analysts Zacks: Hanover Insurance Group Inc (THG) Given Consensus Recommendation of “” by Brokerages Zacks: Immune Design Corp (IMDZ) Receives Average Recommendation of “” from Analysts Gem Diamonds Limited (GEMD) Earns Buy Rating from FinnCap Orchard Funding Group PLC (ORCH) Rating Reiterated by FinnCap GRAFTON GROUP PLC UT (1 ORD, 1 C’s (GFTU) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” PGT Innovations Inc (PGTI) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Agilent Technologies Inc (A) Upgraded at Morgan Stanley Shoe Carnival, Inc. (SCVL) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Thursday Unico American Co. (UNAM) to Release Earnings on Thursday Five Below Inc (FIVE) Rating Reiterated by Loop Capital Deutsche Lufthansa AG (DLAKY) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades First Business Financial Services Inc (FBIZ) to “Hold” Fly Leasing Ltd (FLY) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Haverford Financial Services Inc. Has $7,798,000 Position in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) March 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Haverford Financial Services Inc. decreased its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) by 0.5% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 92,747 shares of the company’s stock after selling 461 shares during the period. Procter & Gamble Co comprises about 3.3% of Haverford Financial Services Inc.’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 14th largest position. Haverford Financial Services Inc.’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Co were worth $7,798,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of the stock. American National Bank raised its stake in Procter & Gamble Co by 225.8% in the third quarter. American National Bank now owns 1,137 shares of the company’s stock valued at $102,000 after buying an additional 788 shares in the last quarter. Benson Investment Management Company Inc. purchased a new stake in Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter valued at $147,000. JJJ Advisors Inc. purchased a new stake in Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter valued at $149,000. New Capital Management LP purchased a new stake in Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter valued at $210,000. Finally, Loudon Investment Management LLC raised its stake in Procter & Gamble Co by 1.9% in the fourth quarter. Loudon Investment Management LLC now owns 2,515 shares of the company’s stock valued at $211,000 after buying an additional 48 shares in the last quarter. 68.33% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) opened at 91.44 on Friday. Procter & Gamble Co has a 1-year low of $79.10 and a 1-year high of $91.89. The stock has a market cap of $233.76 billion, a PE ratio of 16.75 and a beta of 0.64. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $89.64 and a 200 day moving average price of $86.84. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Friday, January 20th. The company reported $1.08 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $1.06 by $0.02. Procter & Gamble Co had a return on equity of 18.58% and a net margin of 23.44%. The firm had revenue of $16.90 billion for the quarter. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $1.04 earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was down .3% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts predict that Procter & Gamble Co will post $3.84 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Stockholders of record on Friday, January 20th were issued a $0.6695 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, January 18th. This represents a $2.68 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.93%. Procter & Gamble Co’s payout ratio is 48.73%. Your IP Address: Several research firms recently weighed in on PG. B. Riley restated a “buy” rating and set a $106.00 price target on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research report on Saturday, January 28th. Citigroup Inc lifted their price target on Procter & Gamble Co from $100.00 to $102.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “buy” rating and set a $101.00 price target on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research report on Thursday. Deutsche Bank AG lowered Procter & Gamble Co from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and dropped their price target for the company from $95.00 to $90.00 in a research report on Tuesday, December 13th. Finally, Vetr upgraded Procter & Gamble Co from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $89.22 price target on the stock in a research report on Monday. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have given a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company. Procter & Gamble Co has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $90.79. In other Procter & Gamble Co news, insider Charles E. Pierce sold 55,909 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $91.70, for a total transaction of $5,126,855.30. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, insider Mohamed Samir Abde Abdelfattah sold 1,876 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $91.25, for a total value of $171,185.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 30,952 shares in the company, valued at $2,824,370. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders sold 401,936 shares of company stock worth $35,928,133. Company insiders own 0.35% of the company’s stock. About Procter & Gamble Co The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Limited time offer, subscribe & save 25% Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read FBI confirms probe of Trump links to Russian campaign meddling Britain and Germany set to sign defence co-operation deal US curbs laptops and tablets on flights from Mideast Europe faces unfinished business on the euro Policies of France’s leading presidential candidates US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read FBI confirms probe of Trump links to Russian campaign meddling Bombing North Korea is not an option Mexico calls on its builders to boycott Trump’s wall Trump unrepentant in wake of UK spying accusations Trump travel ban and strong dollar set to hit US tourism Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read Uber president resigns over corporate culture differences EU’s flawed claim to a global financial hub The conundrum of Theresa May’s Great Repeal Bill Auditors’ watchdog forced to investigate itself Google apologises to advertisers for extremist content on YouTube Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Wall St struggles as dollar hovers near 5-week low Record-breaking 2017 for ETFs fuels fears of stock market bubble Goldman Sachs and hedge funds take stake in Iceland’s Arion Bank Outlook for US corporate profits dims Denmark rids itself of foreign debt for first time in 183 years Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read FBI and NSA chiefs give Trump his worst day yet A sensible Brexit deal is more probable than you think Bombing North Korea is not an option David Rockefeller, banker and philanthropist, 1915-2017 Over-optimistic ministers manipulate the Brexit debate Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read Robert Kelly’s children remind us how pompous we are at work Indian students turn away from US and UK business schools Overqualified applicants will be your best hires Pete Cashmore: what the Mashable CEO listens to on his way to work Margarita Louis-Dreyfus: guarding a legacy Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read Why I left my liberal London tribe Poetry and motion: Mikhail Baryshnikov on Joseph Brodsky What (not) to do if you’re stopped by the police Piers Morgan on Trump, Twitter and the power of prayer The problem with facts Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Search the FT Search Close Boldness in Business Add to myFT Dollar Shave Club wins market share and customers with back-to-basics approach Taking a basic toiletry and selling it directly, backed by a lively social media campaign, has created a $1bn business Read next Foreword by Lionel Barber Friday, 17 March, 2017 © Scott Chambers/Synergy Share on Twitter (opens new window) Share on Facebook (opens new window) Share on LinkedIn (opens new window) Share on Whatsapp (opens new window) Print this page Save March 17, 2017 by: Alan Livsey If Michael Dubin, founder of Dollar Shave Club, needs to thank anyone for his success, it should be shoplifters. Disposable razor blades make rich pickings for shoplifters. They fit into that group of products security experts in retail refer to as “craved”: concealable, removable, available, valued, enjoyed and disposable. Over the years US retailers increasingly have locked them away in glass cabinets — much to the irritation of many genuine customers, too. Dubin launched the business of selling razors because he was fed up of paying for disposable products in a market dominated by a couple of companies, mostly Procter & Gamble’s Gillette brand. The new business would offer its generally male customers easy access to good-quality razors via a subscription service. Dubin cannonballed into this deepening pool of consumer resentment with an amusing 2012 commercial video on YouTube. He has claimed to have done only some improvisational comedy course work but no stand-up. If that is true, it does not show: he touched a collective funny bone while generating demand for his razors. His pitch — the video’s title was “Our Blades Are F***ing Great” — played well to men annoyed by the rising cost and myriad features of disposable blades, and mocked the established brands while claiming to offer better value. Dubin touched a collective funny bone while generating demand The reaction made Dubin instantly famous: his video has so far had 24m views. The Dollar Shave Club’s own website could not cope with the sudden interest and crashed, so surviving this surge of publicity was his team’s next goal. “I have to give our small and relentless team credit for getting us through the days after the video went viral,” says Dubin. “It was a really hectic time.” Though not the first personal care subscription service — New York-based Birchbox launched one for beauty products in 2010 — Dollar Shave Club’s success has spawned an industry of such services. Whereas at the time of Dollar Shave’s launch, subscription services offered a surprise box of items based on what they felt were customers’ preferences, Dubin’s business was different. Dollar Shave sent exactly what was ordered. Initially, customers receive a razor handle and pack of cartridges. Each month thereafter, replacement cartridges arrive at their regular price of $1, $6 or $9. In addition, the company sells so-called “premium” products, such as shave butter and post-shave cream. Its One Wipe Charlies, so named, are designed specifically for men’s needs in the toilet. One of the most important factors in Dollar Shave’s success has been the shift during the past decade to shopping on mobile devices. A surge in the penetration of tablets following the launch of Apple’s iPad in 2010 has also boosted the take-up of subscription services, says Nicholas Micallef at market research house Euromonitor. Indeed, such is the volume of subscription services today that a new industry of comparison sites, such as Mysubscriptionaddiction.com, has sprung up to guide consumers. Replete with reviews and special offers, these sites channel even more web traffic to the subscription sites. Michael Dubin has displayed a sense of purpose that has been shown to be crucial to winning customers over As for Dubin, he did not stop with one video. Another witty skit followed, this time without him as the front man but involving a security guard with a stun gun shooting a customer who complains, albeit mildly, about lack of access to the blades locked away in the shop’s glass cabinets. Dollar Shave Club has not been the only underdog in its sector. In the UK, for example, King of Shaves, a male style and grooming range, started out as a challenger to the conglomerates 24 years ago. But it is Dubin’s connection with his customers via social media that has made the difference for his company. The impact on the industry leaders became noticeable as online sales took off. Market share for Procter & Gamble, owners of the Gillette brand, has hardly grown since 2011. Meanwhile, private-label brands have doubled their share. No brand has matched Dollar Shave Club’s rapid growth during the past seven years, however. Dubin’s 3m subscribers spent a reported $160m last year. Yet Gillette still held 64 per cent of the market at the end of 2015. The global number two, Edgewell, whose brands include Schick and Wilkinson Sword, has about a fifth of Gillette’s share, making it difficult for even a fast-growing near unicorn start-up to compete, at least on its own. Related article How Michael Dubin built Dollar Shave Club into a $1bn company Maverick approach by founder seen in hit YouTube video has changed the way razors are sold Tuesday, 21 March, 2017 Dollar Shave Club attracted plenty of attention from venture capitalists. By the end of 2015 it was on its way to a $1bn valuation after raising $90m (up from an initial $75m) during the second half of that year. Eventually, another consumer giant, Anglo-Dutch Unilever, showed an interest. The group, which claims its brands are present in 98 per cent of households in the UK, had one significant gap in its portfolio, namely shaving products. An initial plan to take a stake in Dollar Shave Club turned into a full takeover last July for $1bn — hardly a steal at five times estimated 2016 revenues but reflecting Unilever’s expectations for this most basic of men’s grooming products. From nothing Dollar Shave Club had built a 1 per cent market share in just three years. Indeed, all of the alternative brands — including Dubin’s start-up — took nearly four percentage points of market share from Gillette and Edgewell during that time. The global market for men’s razors and blades is worth $15bn, according to Euromonitor, only about a fifth of which is in the US. At the same time, Unilever was looking to build on what Dubin seems to do almost effortlessly: connect directly to the consumer. For multinationals such as Unilever, the most obvious path to its customers has been via leading retailers such as Walmart. Unilever’s likely strategy will be to take Dollar Shave Club into as many markets as possible, including emerging economies such as Brazil and India, whose shaving products markets together are forecast to expand by $620m over the five years to 2020, according to Euromonitor, representing nearly half of the expected expansion globally. Among the key attractions for investors were Dubin’s irreverent marketing and sense of purpose with his back-to-basics approach. The latter point has been the subject of research by Harvard Business School. In conjunction with consultancy EY, it studied the efforts of 1,349 emerging entrepreneurs (their companies all less than five years old) during the past three decades, concluding that a sense of purpose is crucial to winning customers over. Simply surviving Dollar Shave Club’s early period in business also reflected well on Dubin. So rapid was its initial growth — frenetic weeks of furiously packing boxes to send out on time to customers — that the business could easily have wrecked its reputation just as it was starting out. Dubin’s effective management of early growth is another thing that will have attracted investors, including the multinational that ultimately took it over. Dubin’s gamble was that people would be prepared to pay for his blades in advance. He also felt that a delivery service would add value and convenience for his customers. “It was my idea from the beginning,” he notes when asked about the decision to go with his “SAAS” (shaving as a subscription) approach. Few businesses prosper in the long term by selling a single product Did the predictability of recurring revenues also give the business an advantage? Up to a point, he says, though he admits such revenues were not necessarily predictable. “A lot of entrepreneurs find subscriptions attractive because in theory you have a consistent cash flow,” he says. “But that’s not always sustainable if you’re selling something that people want and don’t need.” In Dollar Shave Club’s case, customers have both wanted and needed its service, and it has not reached that breaking point where customers do not renew subscriptions because they see the product simply as a luxury rather than essential. On Dollar Shave Club’s many imitators, Ken Cassar, principal analyst at online retail consultancy Slice Intelligence, suspects the personal care market is already saturated. “Unless more cost-effective models come up, there’s going to be a shakeout,” he says. Another key to survival is diversification of product lines — few such businesses prosper in the long term by selling a single product. Quite a few razor companies offer other skin care products. Edgewell, for example, bought the popular Bulldog line of men’s skin care products late last year. Dollar Shave Club, then, should find there is mileage in its One Wipe Charlies and other extras. Supported by another comically informative video, Dubin will no doubt be hoping the market backs his latest niche idea. Sample the FT’s top stories for a week You select the topic, we deliver the news. Select topic Select topic Top Stories Brexit US Election 2016 China slowdown Millennial Economy March of the Robot Plunging oil price Global Terror Tech disruption Advertising Connected Cars Enter email address Invalid email Sign up By signing up you confirm that you have read and agree to the terms and conditions, cookie policy and privacy policy. Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2017. All rights reserved. You may share using our article tools. Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web. Share on Twitter (opens new window) Share on Facebook (opens new window) Share on LinkedIn (opens new window) Share on Whatsapp (opens new window) Print this page Save Latest on Boldness in Business Foreword by Lionel Barber Friday, 17 March, 2017 Winners and Nominees Friday, 17 March, 2017 The judges’ perspective Friday, 17 March, 2017 Opinion: Visions accomplished Friday, 17 March, 2017 Boldness in Business Person of the Year: Helena Morrissey Friday, 17 March, 2017 Read latest Foreword by Lionel Barber Friday, 17 March, 2017 Latest on Boldness in Business Add to myFT myFT Follow the topics mentioned in this article Gillette Add to myFT Procter & Gamble Add to myFT Unilever Add to myFT Mark Levine Add to myFT Retail & Consumer Add to myFT Follow the authors of this article Alan Livsey Add to myFT Take a tour of myFT Support View Site Tips Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services Share News Tips Securely Conferences & Events Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD 2017. FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Financial Times Close International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Advice & Comment Science Special Reports FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In </body> </html>
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Home News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide PROFITguide.com Kickstart.am Subscribe Follow Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Home Lists & Rankings Best Managed Companies Artika for Living: Canada’s Best Managed Companies 2017 Artika for Living: Canada’s Best Managed Companies 2017 Mar 9, 2017 Catherine McIntyre   1 Complete Listings Video Methodology Learn More Marc Couture had only a vague plan when he left a comfortable job as a brand manager at Procter & Gamble to become an entrepreneur. He knew he wanted to build a well-known Canadian brand that turned a profit. Moreover, he wanted the freedom to shift direction as he pleased, to let his instincts guide his evolving pursuits. One may wonder, then, what Couture saw in a little-known two-person trinket shop called Artika. But he definitely saw something. And his hunch—that Artika could be both a profitable commercial success and a personally fulfilling entrepreneurial venture—proved correct. The business has transformed immensely since Couture and his partner (in business and in life), Isabelle Laforce, bought it in 2007. Since then, the couple has taken Artika from a modest-sized manufacturer of trendy desk lamps and candles to a tech company that sells consumer-friendly smart-home devices around the world. Its Smartika line, currently comprising predominantly indoor and outdoor lighting fixtures, are connected to the Internet and can be programmed and controlled using smartphones or voice commands. This nascent Internet of Things (IoT) portfolio represents Artika’s shift from a commoditized business to an innovation factory: the firm grew its sales by more than 1,000% from 2010 to 2015, and now sells more than 1.4 million products annually. In fact, the company’s hunger for boundary-pushing growth is what helped it earn a spot on this year’s list of Canada’s Best Managed Companies. “We always had big goals,” says Couture. “I don’t think we envisioned [growth] would take this form, but we certainly wanted to do better.” Artika for Living electronic component. (Richmond Lam) Artika’s evolution is the result of an ongoing cycle of contemplation, revelation and adjustment. In the beginning, Couture’s growth strategy for the business involved a type of reverse engineering. Instead of creating products and then finding customers willing to buy them, he approached large distributors—leveraging connections he’d made at P&G—and simply asked what they were looking for. This approach produced a plan to design household appliances and fixtures, like lighting, floor tiles and plumbing parts—all devised at Artika’s Dorval, Que., headquarters and manufactured overseas. A year after Couture and Laforce bought the business, Artika’s products were being offered across Canada and the U.S. at such retailers as Costco, Home Depot and Lowe’s. Within a few years, Artika was selling more than one million products per year to buyers in 13 countries. The company was growing and prospering, but Couture wanted more for it. By 2013, he started to think the opportunity might be in the IoT. It’s now clear smart-home devices are having a moment. Nearly every gadget or appliance—from refrigerators to door locks to shower heads—can be connected to the Internet and controlled by a hand gesture or vocal cue. Companies have been disparately working toward a Jetsons-style home for years, and their efforts are starting to take hold in the mainstream. Technology research firm Gartner predicts that by 2022, a typical family home will contain at least 500 smart devices, with overall adoption increasing 30-fold from 2009 to 2020. “There are no other markets I can see that are growing that fast,” says Couture. That was less clear four years ago, but Couture had faith in his hunch. To start, he needed both people and funds—futuristic home doodads don’t invent themselves—so he secured $12.5 million in subordinated debt financing from the Business Development Bank of Canada and Quebec’s Fonds de solidarité FTQ, with flexible five-year payment terms (the latter a reward for years of solid financial management). “This allowed us to invest heavily in R&D without worrying too much about the short-term reimbursement,” says Couture. With no tech background himself, Couture hired an outside firm to help staff a new skunkworks, which took the name Smartika. Couture’s self-described “fanatical” approach to hiring means he will leave a position vacant for months if he can’t find someone who fits, both culturally and professionally. It is an exhaustive process that often goes beyond Canada’s borders (one-third of recruits come from abroad), but it results in a highly engaged staff with an oversized output. Couture reports that each one of his 85 employees does work that contributes to a million dollars in annual sales. If Artika’s people are the business’s foundation, the systematic way in which the company conceives and follows through on new ideas is the scaffolding that guides its progress. Artika’s formalized five-step innovation process, dubbed Stage Gate, is meant to transform notions on napkins to products on store shelves. The process is ongoing, kicking off every two weeks with a pitch meeting. If the an idea appears promising to the team, its creator drafts a business proposal outlining a budget and timeline. From there, a team is assembled and resources gathered to pursue the idea. The company ponies up for the equipment needed to make it a reality, and then, finally, mass production begins. “I think this [structure] makes innovation a lot easier and limits risk in a streamlined way,” says Couture. It also helps nurture a culture in which taking risks is encouraged and rewarded (folks who deliver on bold ideas get generous bonuses). As a tech outsider, Couture plays a key role in the R&D process, too. “Even though I don’t understand all the technical aspects of what we build, I try to focus on the user experience,” he says. Not long ago, Couture took home an in-development Smartika outdoor light to install himself. He found the two-part assembly process was needlessly complex, as was the system for connecting the device to his smartphone. He brought his notes back to the Smartika team, who then simplified both procedures. That’s not just meddling on Couture’s part: He believes creating a seamless user experience is a crucial competitive differentiator. “[Couture’s] vision is to democratize this space,” says Anne-Marie Sicard, a partner with Deloitte’s audit and advisory services who coached Artika in its pursuit of the Best Managed designation. “He wants his grandma to be able to buy and connect the device.” As Artika achieves that aim, Sicard says the challenge will be keeping momentum going, noting that until now, efforts to claim its share of an emerging market have meant executing ideas quickly often trumped big-picture planning. But as Artika grows, Couture’s vision is crystallizing. In the next five years, the company aims to integrate the entire 300-product Artika line into the Smartika catalogue. It’s an ambitious goal, but he believes Artika’s early-adopter positioning and finely calibrated culture of innovation will allow it to lead in a white-hot sector. “We already have a product line and large distribution channels,” says Couture. “I think we’ll be able to grow this IoT thing faster than anyone else.” Like Us Follow @cdnbiz Subscribe with Texture Get our daily briefing on innovation, leadership, technology & the economy. Weekdays at 6 AM ET. Learn More » Enter your email to sign up: Easily unsubscribe at any time. Privacy Policy & Terms of Service shares Share: Facebook Email Twitter LinkedIn Advertisement Advertisement    Show comments Hide comments (1) One comment on “Artika for Living: Canada’s Best Managed Companies 2017” I don’t really know how much Artika For Living paid for this article, but they have not idea how a good management must be. Maybe only for business but employees are nothing for them. Poor leadership, high turnover. Each employee is afraid about when is the their turn to be fired. Reply ↓ Employee on March 18, 2017 at 6:53 pm Leave a comment Cancel reply Sign in to comment. You're logged in as . Logout. Loading profile... Unexpected error. Please try again. Notice: Your email may not yet have been verified. Please check your email, click the link to verify your address, and then submit your comment. If you can't find this email, access your profile editor to re-send the confirmation email. You must have a verified email to submit a comment. Once you have done so, check again. Your comment Name * Email * Top Follow us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Resources About Us Contact Us Advertising In-class program Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Canadian Business - Your Source For Business News newsletters Market Wrap The day's key business, market and company news, with analysis and opinion from Canadian Business Online's writers. Delivered each business day. Delivered each business day.† From our partners I would like Canadian Business to send me alerts, event notifications and special deals or information from our carefully screened partners that may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 1999-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Havas Freezes All Google and YouTube Ad Spend in the U.K. By Lindsay Stein - 29 minutes ago Array 0 SXSW Video: Nick Denton Calls Messaging One Cure for Social-Media Trollery By Jeanine Poggi - 49 minutes ago Array 0 Watch the Newest Ads on TV From Infiniti, State Farm, Oreo and More 57 minutes ago Array 0 What's Driving Ad Tech's Newfound Sense of Civic Duty on Travel Ban and Beyond By Kate Kaye - 3 hours ago Array 0 SXSW Video: Glamour Editor Cindi Leive Says Culture Can Break Your Bubble By Nat Ives - 3 hours ago Array 0 Havas Freezes All Google and YouTube Ad Spend in the U.K. By Lindsay Stein - 29 minutes ago 0 SXSW Video: Nick Denton Calls Messaging One Cure for Social-Media Trollery By Jeanine Poggi - 49 minutes ago 0 What's Driving Ad Tech's Newfound Sense of Civic Duty on Travel Ban and Beyond By Kate Kaye - 3 hours ago 0 SXSW Video: Glamour Editor Cindi Leive Says Culture Can Break Your Bubble By Nat Ives - 3 hours ago 0 Artist McBess Lends His Stylings to St. Patrick's Day Campaign for Guinness By Alexandra Jardine - 2 days ago 0 He's a Legend and You Suck: A Millennial Reveals Hard Truths at SXSW By Garett Sloane - 2 days ago 0 Fox, Turner And Viacom Team Up in TV Ad-Targeting Push By Jeanine Poggi - 2 days ago 0 Lowdown: The Story Behind Miller Lite's New Tagline - 2 days ago 0 Will McDonald's Have to Tell Someone 'You're Fired' After Its Extremely Anti-Trump Tweet? By Jessica Wohl - Yesterday 0 GroupM, LinkedIn and Sonobi Join IAB Tech Lab to Close Viewability Gap By George Slefo - 2 days ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Havas Freezes All Google and YouTube Ad Spend in the U.K. By Lindsay Stein. Published on March 17, 2017. Most Popular Havas Group U.K. has decided to halt all ad spending on Google and YouTube after ads for its clients appeared next to "questionable or unsafe content" online. "Havas Group U.K. has taken the decision on behalf of its U.K. clients, which include O2, Royal Mail, BBC, Dominos and Hyundai Kia, to pause all YouTube and Google Display Network (GDN) investment until further notice," the agency group said in a statement on Friday. The pullout comes amid growing scrutiny of the digital ad business, with marketers demanding progress in challenges such as ad fraud, measuring ad viewability to gauranteeing brand safety online. Procter & Gamble, the world's largest advertiser, has been increasing the pressure this year by promising to stop paying for any digital media, ad tech companies, agencies or other suppliers for services that don't meet its criteria. "The days of giving digital a pass are over," Chief Brand Officer Marc Pritchard told an Association of National Advertisers meeting in January, urging the rest of the ad industry to follow P&G"s lead. "It's time to grow up. It's time for action." Hyundai and several other major advertisers saw their ads show up alongside videos that appeared to be support terrorism last month, prompting a call from the World Federation of Advertisers for Google and others to be more vigilant. Greg Paull, principal at marketing consultancy R3, called the Havas decision "a bold move, surely designed for shock value as it is a warning shot over the bow." It's "the first real manifestation of what Marc Pritchard has been calling for," Mr. Paull said. "Google will be eager to avoid this cascading." Havas winds up looking like a leader but the stand will be more significant if it is ever followed by larger agency holding companies such as WPP, Omnicom and Interpublic, said Brian Wieser, senior analyst at Pivotal Research. "It's one thing for WPP to say that this a problem, but it's a lot harder for them to say, we're taking our clients off," added Mr. Wieser. WPP CEO Martin Sorell said in a statement that the agency giant and its media buying arm GroupM have believe Google, Facebook and others have the same responsibility to safeguard advertisers as any media company. "They cannot masquerade as technology companies, particularly when they place advertisements," he said. "GroupM, which has led or supported every industry initiative to raise standards in the digital media supply chain, is talking to the digital media owners at the highest levels to encourage them to find answers to these brand safety issues." Havas spends more than $216 million on digital advertising on behalf of clients in the U.K. per year, according to The Guardian. Its decision followed an investigation by The Times that revealed ads being displayed next to compromising content. "We have a duty of care to our clients in the U.K. marketplace to position their brands in the right context where we can be assured that that environment is safe, regulated to the degree necessary and additive to their brands' objectives," said Paul Frampton, chief executive and country manager for Havas Group U.K., in the company statement. He added in the statement that the company's "position will remain until we are confident in the YouTube platform and Google Display Network's ability to deliver the standards we and our clients expect." Havas is also working with its clients to find "alternative partners where are confident of the third party verification and safety guarantees," he said. Related Stories P&G Tells Digital to Clean Up, Lays Down New Rules for Agencies and Ad Tech to Get Paid Super Bowl Ads Show Up With YouTube Videos Promoting Terror Groups, Sparking Backlash While representatives from Google and YouTube declined to comment, Google U.K. Managing Director Ronan Harris posted a blog item Friday entitled, "Improving Our Brand Safety Controls." "We believe strongly in the freedom of speech and expression on the web -- even when that means we don't agree with the views expressed," Mr. Harris wrote. "At the same time, we recognize the need to have strict policies that define where Google ads should appear. The intention of these policies is to prohibit ads from appearing on pages or videos with hate speech, gory or offensive content." Mr. Harris went on to say that Google's policies tend to work for the most part and the company invests millions of dollars each year and employs thousands of people "to stop bad advertising practices." "Just last year, we removed nearly two billion bad ads from our systems, removed over 100,000 publishers from our AdSense program, and prevented ads from serving on over 300 million YouTube videos," he added. That said, Mr. Harris mentioned that Google has begun a "thorough review" of its ad policies, with plans of making changings in the coming weeks to give brands more control over where their ads appear. In this article: Ad Tech Agencies Digital Digital Video Media Programmatic Technology Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Site Map PDF Subscription Register LogIn Site Map PDF Subscription Register LogIn Biz & Tech Automotive IT Heavy industries Light industries Science Game Photo News Tue, March 21, 2017 | 17:21 North Korea Entertainment Music Dramas & TV shows Movies Performances Exhibitions Photo News Opinion Editorial Columnists Park Moo-jong Choi Sung-jin Tong Kim Korean Historical Sense Andrew Salmon John Burton Jason Lim Donald Kirk Kim Ji-myung Jay Kim Andrei Lankov Frank Ching Hyon O'Brien Younghoy Kim Kimaro Michael McManus Deauwand Myers Casey Lartigue, Jr. Bernard Rowan Stephen Costello Semoon Chang Michael Breen Lee Seong-hyon Reporter's Notebook Guest Column Thoughts of the Times Letter to the Editor Times Forum Cartoon Today in History Feature Image of Korea Small Picture Economy Policies Finance Photo News Biz & Tech Automotive IT Heavy industries Light industries Science Game Photo News National Politics Foreign Affairs Embassy News Defense Affairs Foreign Communities Investigations Diseases & welfare Labor & environment Education Seoul & provinces Obituaries Photo News Culture Books Religions Healthcare Food Fortune Telling Hotel & Travel Fashion Korean traditions Trend Photo News Sports Football Baseball Golf Other Sports 2018 PyeongChang Photo News World SCMP Asia Pacific Americas Europe Middle East Africa Community Time Forum Market Place Talk Box Study Plaza Photos Learning English Light industries Retailers uncertain about selling P&G diapers Posted : 2017-03-17 15:31 Updated : 2017-03-17 15:31 A Pampers Baby Dry diaper marketed by Procter & Gamble (P&G) / Courtesy of P&G Korea By Park Jae-hyuk Procter & Gamble (P&G) Pampers Baby Dry diapers may not return to the shelves of Korea's leading discount chains, although the government research has proved the safety of the products, according to the industry officials, Friday. The nation's largest discount chains have remained cautious about selling the multinational manufacturer's diapers which were pulled from store shelves last month amid allegations of containing dioxin and pesticide, both of which are classified as deadly poisons in most countries. A French magazine 60 Million Consumers (60 Millions de Consommateurs) first raised the issue in January and the report has gone viral among young Korean mothers via online communities. The government began a safety probe on the products, as the growing number of consumers has demanded refunds despite the company's continuous denial. The Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy announced Monday that no dioxin or pesticides were detected from P&G's four diaper products ― Pampers Baby Dry, Swaddlers Sensitive, Cruisers and Easy Ups ― which were randomly bought from stores in Korea. "The toxic chemicals detected by the French magazine may have come from the surrounding environment, rather than artificially used during the manufacturing process," the government noted in a statement. After the announcement, P&G Korea expressed their gratitude to consumers who were waiting for the results on faith. The Korean unit requested the discount chains to sell Pampers Baby Dry again, according to industry sources. However, Home plus and Lotte Mart said that they will wait and see how consumers react to the products. Still, consumers are skeptical about the results, noting the poor measures of the government during the toxic humidifier sterilizer scandal. Some people criticized the government for not inspecting the diapers imported from Indonesia, Japan, Mexico, Germany and Poland. "We have yet to decide regarding whether to sell the diapers again," a Lotte Mart spokesman said. "Actually, the diapers did not affect our sales, as only one type of the brand was sold at our outlets." E-mart, on the other hand, began to sell Pampers Baby Dry again at their online mall. The country's largest discount chain said that it had only dealt in the diapers made in the United States and Vietnam, both of which were inspected by the government. "Even before the controversy, we did not sell Pampers Baby Dry at our offline outlets," an E-mart spokesman said. "We've only sold the other two types ― Cruisers and Easy Ups ― at offline stores." The Korea Times asked P&G Korea about their plans and loss from the controversy, but the company refused to answer. jaehyuk@ktimes.comMore articles by this reporter Danish lawyer for Choi Soon-sil's daughter dead mysteriously US, China poles apart over North Korea Why China, not Japan, should be the real worry for S. Korea N. Korea conducts ground test of advanced missile engine THAAD, China, and Korea in a nutshell Anti-China sentiment rising over THAAD row [Crime Scene] American, Uzbekistani booked over violent incidents Why is Rogers investing in Korean startups? Military dismisses China's THAAD claims Gov't cancels hoist of sunken ferry today for bad weather Fine dust blanket Random candidacy Ostensible friends Worries over Taegeukgi Surprise! VX nerve agent used in assassination of Kim: police Dongwha Group Chairman awarded Actress Song at London Fashion Week Counsel team's probe accelerates Stop importing dolphins! Park's impeachment About Korea Times CEO Message Times History Contents Distribution Media Kit Contact Us Location Privacy Statement Ombudsman Mobile Service PDF Service RSS Service
The Hollywood Reporter Movies TV Business Style Politics Tech Culture Awards Video Sites Heat Vision Live Feed Esq The Race Behind the Screen Bastard Machine Rambling Reporter The Fien Print Subscribe Site Tools Newsletters Daily Edition Exec Suite Reps INT'L Esq Real Estate Rep Sheet Roundup: UTA Signs Hispanic Digital Star Sebastian Villalobos 6:00 AM PDT 3/13/2017 by Rebecca Sun FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Andres Oyuela THR’s at-a-glance look at the week in representation news. Who got signed, promoted, hired or fired? The Hollywood Reporter’s Rep Sheet rounds up the week in representation news. To submit announcements for consideration, contact rebecca.sun@thr.com. Una estrella esta firmada UTA has signed Hispanic digital star Sebastian Villalobos, who has over 20 million followers across social media. He recently became the digital reporter and co-host for Univision’s talent competition Pequenos Gigantes, and he continues to recur on Disney Channel Latin America’s Soy Luna (via his partnership with Disney-owned Maker Studios) and will be featured as a special guest on the telenovela’s live tour. Villalobos, who won Digital Icon of the Year at MTV’s Millennial Awards, has been the face of Sprite Mexico for the past four years, in addition to collaborations with Adidas, Coca-Cola and P&G. He is a past contestant of Colombia’s Dancing With the Stars and recently released the how-to book Youtuber School. Villalobos continues to be represented by Lina Caceres at Latin World Entertainment. Life after Dead The Walking Dead alum Sarah Wayne Callies has signed with Persona PR. She currently stars in USA’s alien drama Colony, now in its second season, and will reprise her role as Dr. Sara Tancredi in Fox’s Prison Break revival next month. Image refresh IMG’s sports media archive, which contains over 400,000 hours of content spanning more than a century, has rebranded as IMG Replay. The service, now available at IMGReplay.com, offers match footage and interviews from the many sports organizations that IMG works with, including the International Olympic Committee, Wimbledon, the Premier League and PGA of America in resolutions including 4K, 3D and HD. New to the archive are clips from more recent IMG acquisitions, such as UFC and the Miss Universe Organization, as well as content from its entertainment and fashion holdings. Last year, IMG launched a dedicated Rights & Clearance team, and IMG Replay’s premium access includes rights-ready content precleared for editorial use. “In an ever-changing digital and broadcast space, IMG Replay will provide clients with the most versatile archive solution available today,” IMG Media senior vp Richard Wise said in a statement. “The rebrand reflects the new level of creativity and interactivity that the service provides. IMG Replay will remain a key player within the IMG landscape, able to tap into wider WME-IMG resources, talent and global media expertise.” Welcome aboard Digital Brand Architects, which represents new media stars, has hired April Abrams as director of talent management. Abrams worked directly with DBA in her most recent position as head of recruitment and partnerships at Federated Media. Prior to that, she launched websites for Lauren Conrad, Michelle Phan and other influencers at EQAL. “We’re thrilled that April is joining our growing team,” DBA partner and senior vp Vanessa Flaherty said in a statement. “Her partnership expertise and experience working with some of the world’s top digital taste makers is an asset as our client roster continues to evolve.” Vocal talents Katz Public Relations has signed: ·         Amber Nash, who voices Pam in Archer, whose eighth-season premieres April 5 on FXX ·         Dana Gaier, who voices Edith in the Despicable Me franchise, whose threequel will premiere June 30 Going for gold Publicity firm East 2 West Collective has signed: ·         Retired gymnast Shawn Johnson, who won one gold and three silver medals at the 2008 Beijing Olympics ·         Tommy Dorfman, who will co-star in Netflix’s upcoming drama 13 Reasons Why ·         Today national investigative correspondent Jeff Rossen ·         Plus-sized model Hunter McGrady, who was featured in Sports Illustrated’s Swimsuit issue this year ·         Buzzfeed editor Erin La Rosa, whose book The Big Redhead Book will be published via St. Martin’s Griffin on Aug. 22 ·         YouTuber Camila Coelho, a Brazilian makeup artist ·         DJ duo Atmpshre, also known as Johnny Spadafore and Aiden Bazzel ·         Jordyn Woods and Anastasia Karanikolaou, both known for being Kylie Jenner’s BFF Elsewhere in Rep World: Nick Jonas Exits CAA for WME Finn Wittrock Signs With CAA Paris Jackson Signs With WME FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Rebecca Sun THRnews@thr.com therebeccasun Comments comments powered by Disqus The Hollywood Reporter © 2017 The Hollywood Reporter All rights reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Sitemap | About Our Ads About Us Login Daily Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Back Issues Advertising Contact Us Careers Industry Jobs Follow Us On Twitter Find Us On Facebook Watch Us On Youtube Our affiliate publications Billboard Backstage Casting
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Eyeliners Market Trends, Analysis and Forecast to 2022 ReportsWeb.com has announced the addition of the Global Eyeliners 2017 Market Research Report The report focuses on global major leading players with information such as company profiles, product picture and specification.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, March 17, 2017 ) Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Eyeliners in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Global Eyeliners market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including L'OREAL Esteelauder Procter & Gamble LVMH Shiseido Christian Dior Amorepacific Group CHANEL Jordana Cosmetics Revlon SISLEY Jane Iredale KATE Almay Phydicians Formula VOV Marykay Marie Dalgar Carslan Flamingo Bleunuit Request For Free Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001680428/sample On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Liquid Eyeliner Powder-Based Eye Pencil? Wax-Based Eye Pencils? Kohl Eyeliner Gel Eye Liner On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Eyeliners for each application, including Women Males for Purpose Like Fashion Girls For More Information About This Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/global-eyeliners-market-research-report-2017 Table of Content 1 Eyeliners Market Overview 2 Global Eyeliners Market Competition by Manufacturers 3 Global Eyeliners Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2012-2017) 4 Global Eyeliners Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Region (2012-2017) 4.1 Global Eyeliners Consumption by Region (2012-2017) 4.2 North America Eyeliners Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.3 Europe Eyeliners Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.4 China Eyeliners Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.5 Japan Eyeliners Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.6 Southeast Asia Eyeliners Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.7 India Eyeliners Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 5 Global Eyeliners Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type 5.1 Global Eyeliners Production and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.2 Global Eyeliners Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.3 Global Eyeliners Price by Type (2012-2017) 5.4 Global Eyeliners Production Growth by Type (2012-2017) 6 Global Eyeliners Market Analysis by Application 6.1 Global Eyeliners Consumption and Market Share by Application (2012-2017) 6.2 Global Eyeliners Consumption Growth Rate by Application (2012-2017) 6.3 Market Drivers and Opportunities 6.3.1 Potential Applications 6.3.2 Emerging Markets/Countries 7 Global Eyeliners Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 L'OREAL 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Eyeliners Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 L'OREAL Eyeliners Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Esteelauder 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Eyeliners Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 Esteelauder Eyeliners Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 Procter & Gamble 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Eyeliners Product Category, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 Procter & Gamble Eyeliners Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 8 Eyeliners Manufacturing Cost Analysis 9 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 10 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 11 Market Effect Factors Analysis 12 Global Eyeliners Market Forecast (2017-2022) 13 Research Findings and Conclusion Purchase This Report -http://www.reportsweb.com/buy&RW0001680428/buy/2900 And Get, Discount on Report Purchase - http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001680428/discount Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
StyleCaster StyleCaster Fashion Beauty Lifestyle Entertainment SCtv StyleCaster StyleCaster StyleCaster Fashion Beauty Lifestyle Entertainment SCtv StyleCaster StyleCaster Share Facebook Pinterest Twitter Tumblr Beauty Industry 101: Experts Share Advice On How to Land Any Job What's hot This Woman Tested 100 Mascaras, and This Was the Best... 15 of Emma Watson’s Most Iconic Beauty Moments 10 Times Zendaya Secretly Did Her Own Makeup for Major... How to Nail the Glossy Lids Look—For $5 Why Your Zit Keeps Coming Back in the Same Spot (And... StyleCaster Beauty Industry 101: Experts Share Advice On How to Land Any Job Facebook Pinterest Twitter Tumblr 0 byKristin Booker 175 Shares 4 days ago For lot of us, working in the beauty industry is the ultimate dream. But if you’re on the outside looking in, how are you supposed to know how to get a job in beauty? We know that quite a few of you are out there interviewing for jobs and internships in the industry, and looking for a way to get your foot in the door—so we want to help out. We rounded up six huge names in the beauty industry to give you expert advice on how their careers got started and what tips they have for you as you’re looking to break into the business. We spoke with some of the hardest working hair, makeup, editorial, public relations, corporate and education professionals in the business—here’s the beauty career advice that they wanted to share with you. MORE: What to Wear to a Job Interview: Expert Tips for Every Industry How did you get your start in the beauty industry? “I was about 22-23 years old when I admitted to a friend that I had always thought about being a hairdresser, and he told me I’d be great at it. So, I went to barber school for 1,000 hours, then went to beauty school for my teaching certificate for another 1,500 hours every night while holding down a full-time job. I moved to Austin, TX and worked and apprenticed under Zan Ray, the most expensive hairstylist in Austin, then moved to Minneapolis to work for Aveda. I became a beauty school teacher and became a global educator for the company and developed products for them, which are still there today, 20 years later.” – Ted Gibson, Celebrity Hairstylist and Beauty Expert from TLC’s ‘What Not To Wear’  “I knew I wanted to be a writer, and I loved magazines, but I had no idea how to get into the industry. When I was studying abroad in London during my junior year of college, I sent my resume (via snail mail!) to human resources at all of the big publishing companies, but, needless to say, never heard back. So when I returned to the US—desperate for an internship—I emailed a few websites to see if anyone would bite. One of the women referred me to her friend at NARS Cosmetics, who was looking for a PR intern. I didn’t even know what PR was, but jumped at the chance to interview. I spent a summer and September Fashion Week with NARS, and learned so much—most importantly, that I loved beauty and that I really wanted to be on the editorial side.” – Dawn Davis, Beauty Editor at TotalBeauty.com “One summer, I was studying theater in NYC and started doing most of the cast’s makeup for our productions at the same time I landed an internship at a funeral home, where my job was to apply makeup to “clients” prior to their wakes. It was a very humbling experience to help families be able to see their loved ones as they remembered them in life. ” – Simone Ciafardini, Vice President of Education & Artistry at MAKE UP FOR EVER “I started by hanging out in my dad’s beauty salon back in Chicago, watching him work and observing him and the makeup artist in the salon. I attended the Art Institute of Chicago, and was always inspired by the face as a canvas and the transformative power of hair and makeup and what it could do. I had a clandestine meeting with a makeup artist at a photographer’s studio in Chicago and it all just clicked for me, that makeup artistry was what I wanted to do. I started doing makeup for Elite Model Management test shoots in Chicago, and years later moved to New York to call on Pat McGrath’s rep. I started working for Pat, which got me my own agent.”  – Tina Turnbow, Celebrity Makeup Artist MORE: Uh, This Instagram Account Reviews Beauty Products in The Coolest Way Did you do internships or training positions? What’s one of your favorite memories?  “Yes. For two summers, I interned at a local advertising and PR agency in Cincinnati, near where I grew up. I started walking up and down the halls, knocking on doors saying, “I’m the summer intern. Do you need help with anything?” One of the young female employees really took me under her wing and taught me all the basics: How to create a media list, write a press release, make a pitch call…I even ended up as a spokesperson on the local news! ” – Laura Brinker, Senior External Relations Specialist, Procter and Gamble “After my internship at NARS, I did an internship in the beauty department at Harper’s Bazaar. Kerry Diamond was the Beauty Director at the time, and she treated me like her assistant. I was a real member of the team, and she taught me so much. A few weeks after I graduated from college, I got a call that Bazaar was looking for an editorial assistant. They remembered my work as an intern, and hired me for the position. I made some fantastic friends during my time there—women I’m still friends with today.”  – Dawn Davis, Beauty Editor at TotalBeauty.com “Yes! I interned at a daily newspaper and PR firm, which were both great experiences and helped me understand both sides of the editorial business. I remember days in college when I would go to classes in the morning, lacrosse practice in the afternoon, then head straight to the daily newspaper to hit evening print deadlines. It was the perfect training for a career in Beauty PR when you’re always running around, multi-tasking and trying to make deadlines.” – Jessica Goon, PR Senior Manager for Avon & Mark  “When I was apprenticing for Pat McGrath, she used to tell me, ‘You may not get to do very much, but you should be like a sponge.’ Even on days where sometimes all I did was carry her bags and clean makeup brushes, I spent every other second absorbing technique and knowledge by watching her and her team do what they did. I think everything I do now shows what I’ve learned over years of observation.” – Tina Turnbow, Celebrity Makeup Artist MORE: 15 of Emma Watson’s Most Iconic Beauty Moments What do you consider your “big break” when it comes to your career?  “When I flew to London to do the covers of Marie Claire and Cosmopolitan in the same day with Patrick Demarchelier and Angelina Jolie. It changed my career, my outlook; it changed me personally and professionally. I didn’t know what it would mean for me when I was there, but it was the event that changed my life.” – Ted Gibson, Celebrity Hairstylist and Beauty Expert from TLC’s ‘What Not To Wear’   “After six months at Bazaar, Kerry called me into her office and told me there was a beauty assistant job open at Lucky. She knew I really wanted to work in beauty, and she recommended me for the job. I’d loved Lucky since the magazine launched, and I was thrilled to interview—and beyond thrilled when I actually got the job. I spent four years there: two as a beauty assistant, and two as an associate editor.  My definition of success is constantly evolving, and I always want to learn more and do more. ” – Dawn Davis, Beauty Editor at TotalBeauty.com “I was a counter manager for a beauty brand and attended a training along with their Director of International Education. We got to know one another and she really pushed and inspired me to branch out and consider utilizing my skills abroad. She became a mentor to me, and within four years I had worked in over 25 countries on three continents. ” – Simone Ciafardini, Vice President of Education & Artistry at MAKE UP FOR EVER “I think you know you’re at another level when you see your work on the red carpet and on the newsstands. I worked with Mary-Louise Parker when she was nominated for a Golden Globe, and I always look back on that as a big moment. I also did a great Town & Country cover with Ivanka Trump that I always look back on as a big moment. ” – Tina Turnbow, Celebrity Makeup Artist In your opinion, what are three traits that can help you be successful in your industry? “Find something that you actually enjoy doing, and figure out a way to get paid for it. Build strong relationships, and nurture them (most of the “breaks” in my career have been because someone was willing to give me a chance, and now I try to do the same for others). Learn how to write well, which is sometimes considered a lost art in this era of social media, but at the same time, don’t forget how to speak.” –Laura Brinker, Senior External Relations Specialist, Procter and Gamble “A great disposition. Smile! Be positive! Beauty should be happy. Also, the ability to make friends with brand representatives and other editors, and most definitely your work ethic.”  – Dawn Davis, Beauty Editor at TotalBeauty.com “Creativity, writing skills, and attention to detail.” – Jessica Goon, PR Senior Manager for Avon & Mark  “Patience, humility and passion.” – Simone Ciafardini, Vice President of Education & Artistry at MAKE UP FOR EVER “Be able to take direction, constantly anticipate the needs of your clients, and have a nurturing instinct: Show your clients care and attention, focus on them and their needs. It will set you apart. Also, have a vision and help guide your client to help them grow in their own evolution of beauty and their ‘look.'” – Tina Turnbow, Celebrity Makeup Artist  What are some tips you can give for those who are just trying to break into the industry? Any tips for interviewing, resumes, looking for a position?  “You should display willingness. Willingness means you’ll have the drive to succeed. Be sure to look the part: Be dressed appropriately, act professional, have your hair and makeup done. Finally, define where your home is going to be: Interview at a lot of places, pick up on the vibe of the spaces and the people, then decide where you want to spend the rest of your life.  Think long-term.” –  Ted Gibson, Celebrity Hairstylist and Beauty Expert from TLC’s ‘What Not To Wear’   “Looking for a job is tough. You really have to be persistent. Don’t be afraid to follow-up (respectfully and within reason, of course). Also, whether writing your resume or conducting an interview, try to be results-focused vs. task-oriented. Don’t simply say that you led media outreach for a new product launch, say that you helped drive new product sales by creating awareness through millions of impressions. Finally, try to think really broadly about your skills, even if not directly related to the job at hand. You can draw examples of leadership, creativity and analytical thinking from all types of life experience. Companies are not only interested in what you’ve done, but how you think.” –  Laura Brinker, Senior External Relations Specialist, Procter and Gamble “Read! Read absolutely everything you can. Read women’s magazines, read business stories, read blogs, read Twitter. It is so easy to be well-informed these days and it can give you a huge advantage when it comes to breaking into the industry. When it comes to finding a position, it’s all about networking. Ask people for informational interviews even if they aren’t hiring, attend industry events and conferences. But please (please!) keep your emails short – people are busy! ” – Jessica Goon, PR Senior Manager for Avon & Mark “Always stay connected and treat everyone you work with as a possible future reference. In this industry, it is also important to look the part; If you’re going to work for a makeup company, wear makeup. Always show up for interviews as prepared and knowledgeable as you can be, ask smart questions that show you’ve done your homework and never ever show up late.” – Simone Ciafardini, Vice President of Education & Artistry at MAKE UP FOR EVER Originally published December 2014. Updated March 2017. 0 GOT THOUGHTS? SHARE THEM! share pin tweet tumblr 0comments Tags: beauty careers beauty editor beauty industry 101 beauty internships beauty PR career advice Celebrity makeup artist Promoted Stories About Us Advertise Contact Us Careers Press Signup Facebook Pinterest Tumblr Twitter Instagram Sheknows MediaBeauty and Style copyright 2017 © all rights reserved by stylecaster Privacy Policy Terms Of Use Agreement RSS Powered by WordPress.com VIP StyleCaster Fashion Fashion News Street Style Tips + Trends Shopping Celebrity Looks Beauty Makeup Hair + Nails Skin Care Health + Fitness Lifestyle Home Travel Food + Drink Love + Sex Entertainment Celebrity News TV + Movies Music Culture SCTV WANT MORE? Get STYLECASTER in your inbox STYLECASTER Daily STYLECASTER Beauty Facebook Pinterest Twitter Tumblr Instagram About Us Advertise Contact Us Careers Press Best Deals Privacy Policy Terms Of Use RSS share Facebook Pinterest Twitter Tumblr Facebook Pinterest Twitter
Radio magazine TV Technology Broadcasting & Cable TWICE Mix More AV/PRO AUDIO AudioMedia.com AudioProInternational.com AVNetwork.com Installation-International.com MixOnline.com ProSoundNetwork.com PSNEurope.com ResidentialSystems.com BROADCAST/RADIO/TV/VIDEO Broadcast.it CreativePlanetNetwork.com GovernmentVideo.com Licensing.biz RadioMagOnline.com RadioWorld.com TV Tech Global CONSUMER ELECTRONICS/GAMING BikeBiz.com Develop-Online.net MVCuk.com Mobile-ent.biz PCR-Online.biz ToyNews-Online.biz eSports Pro EDUCATION Eduwire.com SchoolCIO.com TechLearning.com MUSIC BassPlayer.com Emusician.com GuitarAficionado.com GuitarPlayer.com GuitarWorld.com KeyboardMag.com MI-Pro.co.uk MusicWeek.com RevolverMag.com Brands AV-iQ AV Network TWICE Installation Multichannel News Pro Sound News More AV/PRO AUDIO AudioMedia.com AudioProInternational.com AVNetwork.com Installation-International.com MixOnline.com ProSoundNetwork.com PSNEurope.com ResidentialSystems.com BROADCAST/RADIO/TV/VIDEO Broadcast.it CreativePlanetNetwork.com GovernmentVideo.com Licensing.biz RadioMagOnline.com RadioWorld.com TV Tech Global CONSUMER ELECTRONICS/GAMING BikeBiz.com Develop-Online.net MVCuk.com Mobile-ent.biz PCR-Online.biz ToyNews-Online.biz eSports Pro EDUCATION Eduwire.com SchoolCIO.com TechLearning.com MUSIC BassPlayer.com Emusician.com GuitarAficionado.com GuitarPlayer.com GuitarWorld.com KeyboardMag.com MI-Pro.co.uk MusicWeek.com RevolverMag.com News & Business Radio Wins as First Choice in Car. But … March 20, 2017 Robert J. Struble Named CEO Of Directed By Lisa Johnston, March 20, 2017 Florida Alleged Pirate Hit With $20,000 Fine March 20, 2017 Miss. College Sells FM License in Jackson March 20, 2017 Headlines Business & Law Programming & Sales News Makers People News Tech & Gear Nautel Plays Well in Wisconsin By Christopher Tarr, Director Of Engineering, Entercom/Madison, WIS., March 20, 2017 HPA 2017: Lampen Talks Data Cable March 17, 2017 NAB Sneak Peek: Orban Revamps Processor Lineup March 17, 2017 Antenna Hungária Puts Ecreso to Work By Vencel Dobi, Operations Engineer, Antenna Hungária, March 16, 2017 Radio IT Management Digital Radio Tech Tips Product Evaluations Products Buyer's Guide Columns & Views Music, Royalties and Communities March 15, 2017 It’s Time to Take Your Show on the Road March 14, 2017 Tap Your Entrepreneurial Spirit By James B. Potter, March 13, 2017 Got a Tip to Ward Off Rodent Infestation? By John Bisset, March 8, 2017 Promo Power Workbench Roots of Radio Day in the Life Guest Commentaries Reader's Forum From the Editor Blogs Global Peru Updates Radio and TV Law By Jorge Basilago, March 20, 2017 RadioDays Europe Explores “A Sound Future” For Radio March 20, 2017 Internews Aims to Safeguard Dialogue, Info March 17, 2017 U.K.’s First DAB+ Only Multiplex Lands in Brighton March 16, 2017 Show News NAB Exhibitor Viewpoint: Chris Crump, Comrex March 20, 2017 “Safety and Security at the Transmitter” March 20, 2017 RadioDays Europe Explores “A Sound Future” For Radio March 20, 2017 Delilah Thrives on Instant Connection March 17, 2017 NAB Show IBC Radio Show Other Shows Resource Center Engineer March 15, 2017 Director of Engineering and Operations January 24, 2017 Transmitter Engineer December 20, 2016 2017 Radio World Sourcebook & Directory December 19, 2016 eBooks Digital Editions & Supplements Source Book & Directory Calendar Webinar Archive Jobs Awards Best of Show Awards - NAB Best of Show Awards - IBC RW Excellence in Engineering Award Product Innovation Awards Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer Service Newsletter Advertising Information NEWS & BUSINESS Back To Main News & Business Headlines News Makers Business & Law Programming & Sales People News TECH & GEAR Back To Main Tech & Gear Radio IT Management Digital Radio Tech Tips Product Evaluations Products Buyer's Guide Columns & Views Back To Main Columns & Views Promo Power Workbench Roots of Radio Day in the Life Guest Commentaries Reader's Forum From the Editor Blogs Global SHOW NEWS Back To Main Show News NAB Show IBC Radio Show Other Shows RESOURCE CENTER Back To Main Resource Center eBooks Digital Editions & Supplements Source Book & Directory Calendar Webinar Archive Jobs Awards Back To Awards Best of Show Awards - NAB Best of Show Awards - IBC RW Excellence in Engineering Award Subscribe Back To Main Subscribe Renew Customer Service Newsletter Advertising Information iHeartMedia Names Area President for Pittsburgh/West Virginia Region Also makes changes in Vegas, Sacramento and the Pacific Northwest March 17, 2017 By Emily M. Reigart Roxy Romeo iHeartMedia West Virginia announced Mark Fuhrman has been named area president for the Pittsburgh/West Virginia Region. iHeartMedia West Virginia includes 22 music, talk and news radio stations. In his new role, Fuhrman will work with the programming, business and sales teams for radio station brands in Huntington, Parkersburg and Wheeling, W.Va., to oversee on-air and digital programming as well as create new business and revenue opportunities. He will report to Tim McAleer, president of iHeartMedia’s Pittsburgh Region. Fuhrman joins iHeartMedia from IMG College, where he served as general manager and managed Thundering Herd Sports Marketing for Marshall University in West Virginia. Previously, he was VP of sales and marketing for the Major League Lacrosse expansion franchise Atlanta Blaze and spent 10 years as VP/GM of Comcast Sports Southeast regional sports television network in Atlanta. Fuhrman also spent several years in the National Football League, initially joining the organization in 1994 as director of club marketing for the league office and later serving as director of marketing for the Pittsburgh Steelers and director of sales & marketing for the Atlanta Falcons. He has also held various positions with Procter & Gamble, Gallo Winery and Miller Brewing Company’s Sports Group. In Las Vegas, K280DD(FM) has chosen Roxy Romeo as assistant PD and music director. Roxy is currently on-air on REAL 103.9 from 10 a.m.–3 p.m. daily, and will remain in that timeslot. Also, iHeartMedia Sacramento has named Bryan “B-Dub” Washington program director and afternoon drive host for KBEB(FM). Washington will be responsible for the day-to-day programming operations of 92.5 The Bull. He will work with on-air personalities and sales to oversee the station’s on-air content, digital footprint and music programming. Bryan Washington He joins KBEB(FM) from KMLE(FM) in Phoenix, where he served as music director and afternoon drive host. He has also worked as an on-air personality in Philadelphia, Milwaukee and Portland, Ore., where he was an on-air host at KUPL(FM). Washington is also the host of “Buckwild Saturday Night,” a nationally syndicated country program that airs on 48 stations. iHeartMedia Sacramento owns and operates KBEB(FM), KQJK(FM), KQJK(HD2), KHYL(FM), KSTE(AM) and KFBK(AM). In the Pacific Northwest, Geoff “G-Off” Owens has been named PD for KXJM(FM) in Portland and KUBE(FM) in Seattle/Tacoma, Wash. Owens will also serve as afternoon drive host for both stations, a position he’s held since 2012. Owens will be responsible for day to-day programming operations for KXJM and KUBE. He will work with on-air personalities and sales to oversee the on-air content, digital footprint and music programming for both stations. Owens has worked at KXJM since 2004, when he joined the radio station as an intern. He was promoted to night on-air host in 2010 and moved to host afternoons at the station in 2012. In 2016, Owens was named assistant program director and music director for KXJM.   Receive regular news and technology updates. Sign up for our free newsletter here. Share This Post The PR Wire: Barix Introduces Codec-Agnostic Redundix Audio over IP Solution at 2017 NAB Show Bittree to Showcase High-Density Fiber and Copper Keystone Data Patchbays at 2017 NAB Show ENCO WebDAD Browser-Based Remote Control Moves Radio Stations Closer to Full Virtualization GatesAir Wins Largest Single-Frequency Network FM Radio Rollout in the Middle East GatesAir Halves Bandwidth Consumption for Uncompressed Digital IP STL Transport Nautel User Group at NAB Moves to the Paris Las Vegas Conference Center Tower Family Foundation and NATE Announce the 2017 Recipient of the Ernie Jones Memorial Civil Engineering Scholarship Logitek Partners With Australian Distributor to Form new R&D Center Belar Simplifies RF Network Monitoring and HD Diversity Delay for Two Minnesota Public Radio Stations Comrex To Display New Product, Opal, at NAB 2017 TWITTER TRENDING Tweets by @radioworld_news “We Are the Heartbeat of the Town” Delilah Thrives on Instant Connection Community Broadcaster: Music, Royalties and Communities — Walking the Walk Radio Owners: Hey Ho, Subcaps Have Got to Go iHeartMedia Names Area President for Pittsburgh/West Virginia Region Newsletter Signup Free E-Newsletters Subscribe to our FREE eNewsletters Editors' Picks The NSO Plays NPR 02/28/2017 Bel RTL Celebrates 25 Years 02/20/2017 A Purpose-Built Master Antenna System 02/13/2017 Inovonics to Debut New HD Radio Receiver at NAB Show Orban Revamps FM Processing Line AoIP Consoles and Systems Wireless Providers Bullish on 5G John Dale III Named Chairman, CEO and President of Media Links Broadcast Engineering Conference Embraces IT A+E Makes Investment In Beautycon Media March Madness Partners Mark Most Watched First Sunday in 24 Years  A&E Lines Up Rob Lowe Nonfiction Series Mega Group Gearing Up For Next Week's Spring Show Robert J. Struble Named CEO Of Directed OnePlus Paints It Black With Limited-Edition 3T Phone By Colette News & Business Tech & Gear Columns & Views Global Show News Resource Center Subscribe Newsletter Signup Customer Service RSS Feed Archive Login Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us Advertise Marketing Services More Newsletter Signup Customer Service RSS Feed Archive Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us Advertise Marketing Services Facebook Twitter RSS Copyright © 2017 by NewBay Media, LLC. 28 East 28th Street, 12th floor, New York, NY 10016 T (212) 378 0400 F (212) 378 0470
Menu FOX Sports Scores Sports NFL Home Draft Scores Schedule Standings Stats Fantasy Football Video Odds Tickets AFC East Buffalo Bills Miami Dolphins New England Patriots New York Jets AFC North Baltimore Ravens Cincinnati Bengals Cleveland Browns Pittsburgh Steelers AFC South Houston Texans Indianapolis Colts Jacksonville Jaguars Tennessee Titans AFC West Denver Broncos Kansas City Chiefs Oakland Raiders Los Angeles Chargers NFC East Dallas Cowboys New York Giants Philadelphia Eagles Washington Redskins NFC North Chicago Bears Detroit Lions Green Bay Packers Minnesota Vikings NFC South Atlanta Falcons Carolina Panthers New Orleans Saints Tampa Bay Buccaneers NFC West Arizona Cardinals San Francisco 49ers Seattle Seahawks Los Angeles Rams MLB Home Scores Schedule Standings Stats Fantasy Baseball Video Odds Tickets AL East Baltimore Orioles Boston Red Sox New York Yankees Tampa Bay Rays Toronto Blue Jays AL Central Chicago White Sox Cleveland Indians Detroit Tigers Kansas City Royals Minnesota Twins AL West Houston Astros Los Angeles Angels Oakland Athletics Seattle Mariners Texas Rangers NL East Atlanta Braves Miami Marlins New York Mets Philadelphia Phillies Washington Nationals NL Central Chicago Cubs Cincinnati Reds Milwaukee Brewers Pittsburgh Pirates St. Louis Cardinals NL West Arizona Diamondbacks Colorado Rockies Los Angeles Dodgers San Diego Padres San Francisco Giants NASCAR Home RaceTrax Schedule Standings Results Fantasy Auto Drivers Video Tickets Soccer Home Scores Schedule Standings Stats Teams Video Transfers Odds Tickets Leagues English Premier League La Liga Bundesliga Serie A MLS Liga MX Ligue 1 Scottish Premier League Eredivisie Cups Copa América UEFA Champions League UEFA Europa League FA Cup Gold Cup FIFA Men's World Cup FIFA Women's World Cup FIFA Confederations Cup Clubs Arsenal Juventus Barcelona Bayern Munich Chelsea Liverpool Manchester City Manchester United Real Madrid U.S. Men’s Team U.S. Women’s Team NCAA BK Home Scores Bracket Polls Schedule Standings Stats Teams Conferences Video Tickets NBA Home Scores Schedule Standings Stats Video Galleries Odds Tickets Atlantic Boston Celtics Brooklyn Nets New York Knicks Philadelphia 76ers Toronto Raptors Central Chicago Bulls Cleveland Cavaliers Detroit Pistons Milwaukee Bucks Indiana Pacers Southeast Atlanta Hawks Charlotte Hornets Miami Heat Orlando Magic Washington Wizards Southwest Dallas Mavericks Houston Rockets Memphis Grizzlies New Orleans Pelicans San Antonio Spurs Northwest Denver Nuggets Minnesota Timberwolves Oklahoma City Thunder Portland Trail Blazers Utah Jazz Pacific Golden State Warriors Los Angeles Clippers Los Angeles Lakers Phoenix Suns Sacramento Kings NHL Home Scores Schedule Standings Stats Video Galleries Odds Tickets Atlantic Boston Bruins Buffalo Sabres Detroit Red Wings Florida Panthers Montreal Canadiens Ottawa Senators Tampa Bay Lightning Toronto Maple Leafs Metropolitan Carolina Hurricanes Columbus Blue Jackets New Jersey Devils New York Islanders New York Rangers Philadelphia Flyers Pittsburgh Penguins Washington Capitals Central Chicago Blackhawks Colorado Avalanche Dallas Stars Minnesota Wild Nashville Predators St. Louis Blues Winnipeg Jets Pacific Anaheim Ducks Arizona Coyotes Los Angeles Kings Calgary Flames Edmonton Oilers San Jose Sharks Vancouver Canucks More UFC Home FightTrax Schedule Rankings Results Stats Fighters Video Tickets Golf Home Leaderboard Schedule Rankings Stats USGA Golfers Video Tickets More NCAA FB Home Scores Polls Schedule Standings Stats Teams Video Odds Tickets Motor Racing Home Video Galleries Tennis Home Schedule Results Rankings Players Video Galleries WWE Home Boxing Home Video Galleries Horse Racing Home Video Galleries Olympics Home Schedule Results Medals Athletes Video Galleries Westminster Other Sports Home Watch FOX Sports GO FOX Soccer 2Go FS1 Virtual Reality All Videos Shows Speak For Yourself The Herd The Ultimate Fighter Garbage Time Undisputed Race Hub Must Watch @TheBuzzer Videos PROcast Fantasy Home Baseball Draft Guide Fantasy Baseball News Daily Fantasy Baseball Fantasy Football News Daily Fantasy Football Fantasy Video WhatIfSports Fantasy Games Bracket Challenge Second Chance Fantasy Baseball Fantasy Auto Fantasy Football College Pick’em DraftKings View All Simulation Games Hoops Dynasty Gridiron Dynasty Hardball Dynasty SimLeague Baseball SimLeague Basketball SimLeague Football SimLeague Hockey View All More @TheBuzzer Radio Podcasts Newsletter Writers Yardbarker Big Ten Network WhatIfSports Westminster Mobile Shop Tickets Apps FOX Sports FOX Sports GO FOX Sports VR FOX Soccer 2GO FOX Fantasy Football FOX Sports Listen Local Arizona Carolinas Detroit Florida Indiana Kansas City Midwest North Ohio San Diego South Southwest Tennessee West Wisconsin Help Press Jobs RSS Site Map FS1 FOX FOX News 21st Century FOX FOX Supports FOX Deportes Statistical Information provided by STATS © 2017 Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these New Terms of Use and New Privacy Policy. Advertising Choices EULA Follow Follow FOX Sports Facebook Instagram Twitter YouTube Tumblr RSS Sign In Hi, Account Info Favorites Sign Out NASCARMenu Home RaceTrax Schedule Standings Results Drivers Fantasy SPEED/Motor Videos Galleries Stats Gear Daytona 500 News More WWE’s The Big Show helps NASCAR’s Matt Kenseth clean up Tom Jensen @tomjensen100 Mar 17, 2017 at 9:36a ET 0 Shares Over the years, NASCAR has been a great platform for cross-promotion with other sports, so when Procter and Gamble decided to use its Tide Pods detergent to sponsor Matt Kenseth’s No. 20 Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota for three races this season, they decided to bring in some heavyweight help. Literally. Kenseth will carry Tide Pods colors this weekend at Phoenix Raceway, site of Sunday’s Camping World 500 Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series race (FOX, 3 p.m. ET). Tide Pods will also be Kenseth’s primary sponsor in the Brickyard 400 and in the fall Charlotte race. To give Kenseth a hand Tide brought in famed WWE wrestler The Big Show, who stands 7-feet tall and according to his bio weighs “383 pounds, wears a 22 EEEEE size shoe and boasts a 64-inch chest.” Regardless of his actual measurements, check out the video for Kenseth’s new commercial The Big Show — born Paul Donald Wight II in Aiken, S.C. 45 years ago — is huge. Massive, even. That’s a seriously large man. But it looks like he and Kenseth are having fun with it. Kenseth’s crewman? Maybe not so much. FOX Fantasy Auto Form a Racing Team, Compete for Prizes Play Now! 0 Shares Matt Kenseth NASCAR Truck world-wrestling-entertainment Xfinity WWE’s The Big Show helps NASCAR’s Matt Kenseth clean up UP NEXT : WWE’s The Big Show helps NASCAR’s Matt Kenseth clean up UP NEXT :
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 March 2017 by Military News ADDING MULTIMEDIA Swiffer Celebrates 18 Years as Cleaning Solution for Time-Starved Families CINCINNATI–(BUSINESS WIRE)–In 1999 Swiffer swept the nation by storm, reinventing the way Americans clean. This innovative brand from Procter & Gamble changed the practices and expectations in surface cleaning. The very name ‘Swiffer” sparked a revolution, quickly evolving to iconic ‘verb” status – marking its legendary and pioneering status. Now celebrating its 18th birthday and the launch of a new campaign, “If You’ve Got A Life, You Gotta Swiffer!” – the brand is teaming up with “Dancing with the Stars” favorite, Maksim Chmerkovskiy, and “Adulting: How to Become a Grown-up in 468 Easy(ish) Steps” author Kelly Williams Brown, to show consumers that while ‘adulting’ is hard, Swiffer makes it easy! “Swiffer and I want to show you that cleaning can be fun by adding a little shimmy to your cleaning,” said Maksim Chmerkovskiy. “Between ‘Dancing with the Stars’ and being a new dad, I don’t always have a ton of time to dedicate to cleaning, but Swiffer helps me quickly dance my way to a clean house!” To kick start a year-long celebration of Swiffer turning 18 and becoming an adult, the brand is hosting a birthday celebration. Maksim Chmerkovskiy will give a whole new meaning to clean when he unveils an exclusive dance to samba your way to a clean home. Kelly Williams Brown will demonstrate how to quickly clean and prepare any home before a dinner party, regardless of how much time there is to clean. “One of the more difficult things to accept about adulthood is that the house will never magically clean itself — at least mine hasn’t. Also, walking around barefoot on a gross floor is one of those very-preventable things that can make you feel like a total failure,” Brown said. „But Swiffer makes it so easy to have beautiful, clean floors in exchange for just a few minutes.” The new creative campaign builds upon this and resonates with families because it highlights Swiffer as the perfect solution for maintenance cleaning. “Modern life is busy. Having a full life is awesome. But also a little messy. But the solution isn’t to live less – it’s to clean smarter,” said Jane Pejkovska, Creative Director for Publicis, the agency that created the ad campaign. “Swiffer makes it really easy to stay on top of the mess that our favorite people (and, yes pets) can leave behind. The spots are based on simple, human and insightful little stories from everyday life that demonstrate how Swiffer can fit into a variety of lifestyles.” Check out the two new creative pieces, “The Princess and the Dirty Hardwood Floor” and “Haircuts on Hardwood Floors,” by visiting the Swiffer YouTube channel. Swiffer offers a variety of products that help busy, time-starved families clean quickly and effectively so they can spend more time on things that really matter regardless of how overscheduled their life may be. No matter how much time you have to clean, Swiffer’s WetJet, Sweeper and Dusters help tidy up life’s dirtiest moments fast. For more information on the Swiffer family of products, please visit swiffer.com, facebook.com/swiffer or youtube.com/swifferusa. About Swiffer® In 1999, Swiffer made its debut and soon established itself as both a pioneer in the cleaning systems category and a pop culture icon. Swiffer products have starred on “Saturday Night Live,” have been featured in Hollywood blockbusters and have graced the cover of Rolling Stone. With the support of Swiffer fans around the world, Swiffer has built a family of distinctive products built smarter than traditional cleaning tools. Today, Swiffer® Sweeper, Swiffer® Sweeper Heavy Duty, Swiffer® SweeperVac®, Swiffer® WetJet®, Swiffer® Dusters®, Swiffer® 360° Dusters, Swiffer®Dusters Extender, Swiffer® Dust and Shine and Swiffer® Steamboost® are used in more than 50 million households worldwide and continue to revolutionize the way people clean. About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Culture, Home and Garden, leave, mine, Nation, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Halal Pharmaceuticals Market Size, Analysis, and Forecast Report 2016-2026 Next PostNext Global Data Center Construction Market 2017- AECOM Group, Arup Group, Corgan Associates, DPR Construction, Fluor Search Recent Posts Alzheimer’s disease (AD) – Epidemiology Forecast To 2023 Native American Higher Education Professionals and Students Earn Top Awards by American Indian College Fund and Adolph Coors Foundation Cruz Cobalt Closes Montana Cobalt Project Global Peripheral Transluminal Coronary Angioplasty Balloon Market Research Report & Industry Analysis Phoenix Solar Aktiengesellschaft: Phoenix Solar Regains Full Control Over Asia/Pacific Operations from Minority Shareholders in Singapore Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
ADDING MULTIMEDIA Swiffer Celebrates 18 Years as Cleaning Solution for Time-Starved Families Iconic Brand Launches “If You’ve Got A Life, You Gotta Swiffer” Creative Campaign "Dancing with the Stars" sensation Maksim Chmerkovskiy partners with Swiffer to celebrate the iconic brand's 18th birthday, Thursday, March 16, 2017, in New York. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Swiffer/AP Images) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? "Dancing with the Stars" sensation Maksim Chmerkovskiy partners with Swiffer to celebrate the iconic brand's 18th birthday, Thursday, March 16, 2017, in New York. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Swiffer/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail "New Girl" actress Hannah Simone helps celebrate Swiffer's 18th birthday and learns that #adulting is easy with Swiffer, Thursday, March 16, 2017, in New York. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Swiffer/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail "Dancing with the Stars" sensation Maksim Chmerkovskiy takes to the dance floor to celebrate Swiffer's 18th birthday, demonstrating how #adulting and cleaning is easy with Swiffer, Thursday, March 16, 2017, in New York. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Swiffer/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail "Dancing with the Stars" sensation Maksim Chmerkovskiy teaches dance moves to guests to celebrate Swiffer's 18th birthday, demonstrating how #adulting and cleaning is easy with Swiffer, Thursday, March 16, 2017, in New York. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Swiffer/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail "Dancing with the Stars" sensation Maksim Chmerkovskiy and "Adulting" author Kelly Williams Brown celebrate Swiffer's 18th birthday, Thursday, March 16, 2017, in New York. Swiffer has been America's original cleaning hack since 1999. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Swiffer/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail "New Girl" actress Hannah Simone helps Swiffer celebrate its 18th birthday, Thursday, March 16, 2017, in New York. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Swiffer/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail "Dancing with the Stars" sensation Maksim Chmerkovskiy helps Swiffer celebrate its 18th birthday, Thursday, March 16, 2017, in New York. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Swiffer/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail "Dancing with the Stars" sensation Maksim Chmerkovskiy and "New Girl" actress Hannah Simone partner with Swiffer to celebrate the iconic brand's 18th birthday, Thursday, March 16, 2017, in New York. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Swiffer/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Windows Media Video Quicktime MPEG-4 Video Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail March 17, 2017 07:22 AM Eastern Daylight Time CINCINNATI--(BUSINESS WIRE)--In 1999 Swiffer swept the nation by storm, reinventing the way Americans clean. This innovative brand from Procter & Gamble changed the practices and expectations in surface cleaning. The very name ‘Swiffer” sparked a revolution, quickly evolving to iconic ‘verb” status – marking its legendary and pioneering status. Now celebrating its 18th birthday and the launch of a new campaign, “If You’ve Got A Life, You Gotta Swiffer!” – the brand is teaming up with “Dancing with the Stars” favorite, Maksim Chmerkovskiy, and “Adulting: How to Become a Grown-up in 468 Easy(ish) Steps” author Kelly Williams Brown, to show consumers that while ‘adulting’ is hard, Swiffer makes it easy! “Swiffer and I want to show you that cleaning can be fun by adding a little shimmy to your cleaning,” said Maksim Chmerkovskiy. “Between ‘Dancing with the Stars’ and being a new dad, I don’t always have a ton of time to dedicate to cleaning, but Swiffer helps me quickly dance my way to a clean house!” To kick start a year-long celebration of Swiffer turning 18 and becoming an adult, the brand is hosting a birthday celebration. Maksim Chmerkovskiy will give a whole new meaning to clean when he unveils an exclusive dance to samba your way to a clean home. Kelly Williams Brown will demonstrate how to quickly clean and prepare any home before a dinner party, regardless of how much time there is to clean. “One of the more difficult things to accept about adulthood is that the house will never magically clean itself -- at least mine hasn't. Also, walking around barefoot on a gross floor is one of those very-preventable things that can make you feel like a total failure," Brown said. "But Swiffer makes it so easy to have beautiful, clean floors in exchange for just a few minutes." The new creative campaign builds upon this and resonates with families because it highlights Swiffer as the perfect solution for maintenance cleaning. “Modern life is busy. Having a full life is awesome. But also a little messy. But the solution isn’t to live less - it’s to clean smarter,” said Jane Pejkovska, Creative Director for Publicis, the agency that created the ad campaign. “Swiffer makes it really easy to stay on top of the mess that our favorite people (and, yes pets) can leave behind. The spots are based on simple, human and insightful little stories from everyday life that demonstrate how Swiffer can fit into a variety of lifestyles.” Check out the two new creative pieces, “The Princess and the Dirty Hardwood Floor” and “Haircuts on Hardwood Floors,” by visiting the Swiffer YouTube channel. Swiffer offers a variety of products that help busy, time-starved families clean quickly and effectively so they can spend more time on things that really matter regardless of how overscheduled their life may be. No matter how much time you have to clean, Swiffer’s WetJet, Sweeper and Dusters help tidy up life’s dirtiest moments fast. For more information on the Swiffer family of products, please visit swiffer.com, facebook.com/swiffer or youtube.com/swifferusa. About Swiffer® In 1999, Swiffer made its debut and soon established itself as both a pioneer in the cleaning systems category and a pop culture icon. Swiffer products have starred on “Saturday Night Live,” have been featured in Hollywood blockbusters and have graced the cover of Rolling Stone. With the support of Swiffer fans around the world, Swiffer has built a family of distinctive products built smarter than traditional cleaning tools. Today, Swiffer® Sweeper, Swiffer® Sweeper Heavy Duty, Swiffer® SweeperVac®, Swiffer® WetJet®, Swiffer® Dusters®, Swiffer® 360° Dusters, Swiffer®Dusters Extender, Swiffer® Dust and Shine and Swiffer® Steamboost® are used in more than 50 million households worldwide and continue to revolutionize the way people clean. About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. Contacts Citizen Relations Alyssa Bermudes (US), 213-996-3806 alyssa.bermudes@citizenrelations.com Contacts Citizen Relations Alyssa Bermudes (US), 213-996-3806 alyssa.bermudes@citizenrelations.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
ADDING MULTIMEDIA Swiffer Celebrates 18 Years as Cleaning Solution for Time-Starved Families Iconic Brand Launches “If You’ve Got A Life, You Gotta Swiffer” Creative Campaign "Dancing with the Stars" sensation Maksim Chmerkovskiy partners with Swiffer to celebrate the iconic brand's 18th birthday, Thursday, March 16, 2017, in New York. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Swiffer/AP Images) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? "Dancing with the Stars" sensation Maksim Chmerkovskiy partners with Swiffer to celebrate the iconic brand's 18th birthday, Thursday, March 16, 2017, in New York. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Swiffer/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail "New Girl" actress Hannah Simone helps celebrate Swiffer's 18th birthday and learns that #adulting is easy with Swiffer, Thursday, March 16, 2017, in New York. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Swiffer/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail "Dancing with the Stars" sensation Maksim Chmerkovskiy takes to the dance floor to celebrate Swiffer's 18th birthday, demonstrating how #adulting and cleaning is easy with Swiffer, Thursday, March 16, 2017, in New York. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Swiffer/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail "Dancing with the Stars" sensation Maksim Chmerkovskiy teaches dance moves to guests to celebrate Swiffer's 18th birthday, demonstrating how #adulting and cleaning is easy with Swiffer, Thursday, March 16, 2017, in New York. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Swiffer/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail "Dancing with the Stars" sensation Maksim Chmerkovskiy and "Adulting" author Kelly Williams Brown celebrate Swiffer's 18th birthday, Thursday, March 16, 2017, in New York. Swiffer has been America's original cleaning hack since 1999. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Swiffer/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail "New Girl" actress Hannah Simone helps Swiffer celebrate its 18th birthday, Thursday, March 16, 2017, in New York. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Swiffer/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail "Dancing with the Stars" sensation Maksim Chmerkovskiy helps Swiffer celebrate its 18th birthday, Thursday, March 16, 2017, in New York. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Swiffer/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail "Dancing with the Stars" sensation Maksim Chmerkovskiy and "New Girl" actress Hannah Simone partner with Swiffer to celebrate the iconic brand's 18th birthday, Thursday, March 16, 2017, in New York. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Swiffer/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Windows Media Video Quicktime MPEG-4 Video Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail March 17, 2017 07:22 AM Eastern Daylight Time CINCINNATI--(BUSINESS WIRE)--In 1999 Swiffer swept the nation by storm, reinventing the way Americans clean. This innovative brand from Procter & Gamble changed the practices and expectations in surface cleaning. The very name ‘Swiffer” sparked a revolution, quickly evolving to iconic ‘verb” status – marking its legendary and pioneering status. Now celebrating its 18th birthday and the launch of a new campaign, “If You’ve Got A Life, You Gotta Swiffer!” – the brand is teaming up with “Dancing with the Stars” favorite, Maksim Chmerkovskiy, and “Adulting: How to Become a Grown-up in 468 Easy(ish) Steps” author Kelly Williams Brown, to show consumers that while ‘adulting’ is hard, Swiffer makes it easy! “Swiffer and I want to show you that cleaning can be fun by adding a little shimmy to your cleaning,” said Maksim Chmerkovskiy. “Between ‘Dancing with the Stars’ and being a new dad, I don’t always have a ton of time to dedicate to cleaning, but Swiffer helps me quickly dance my way to a clean house!” To kick start a year-long celebration of Swiffer turning 18 and becoming an adult, the brand is hosting a birthday celebration. Maksim Chmerkovskiy will give a whole new meaning to clean when he unveils an exclusive dance to samba your way to a clean home. Kelly Williams Brown will demonstrate how to quickly clean and prepare any home before a dinner party, regardless of how much time there is to clean. “One of the more difficult things to accept about adulthood is that the house will never magically clean itself -- at least mine hasn't. Also, walking around barefoot on a gross floor is one of those very-preventable things that can make you feel like a total failure," Brown said. "But Swiffer makes it so easy to have beautiful, clean floors in exchange for just a few minutes." The new creative campaign builds upon this and resonates with families because it highlights Swiffer as the perfect solution for maintenance cleaning. “Modern life is busy. Having a full life is awesome. But also a little messy. But the solution isn’t to live less - it’s to clean smarter,” said Jane Pejkovska, Creative Director for Publicis, the agency that created the ad campaign. “Swiffer makes it really easy to stay on top of the mess that our favorite people (and, yes pets) can leave behind. The spots are based on simple, human and insightful little stories from everyday life that demonstrate how Swiffer can fit into a variety of lifestyles.” Check out the two new creative pieces, “The Princess and the Dirty Hardwood Floor” and “Haircuts on Hardwood Floors,” by visiting the Swiffer YouTube channel. Swiffer offers a variety of products that help busy, time-starved families clean quickly and effectively so they can spend more time on things that really matter regardless of how overscheduled their life may be. No matter how much time you have to clean, Swiffer’s WetJet, Sweeper and Dusters help tidy up life’s dirtiest moments fast. For more information on the Swiffer family of products, please visit swiffer.com, facebook.com/swiffer or youtube.com/swifferusa. About Swiffer® In 1999, Swiffer made its debut and soon established itself as both a pioneer in the cleaning systems category and a pop culture icon. Swiffer products have starred on “Saturday Night Live,” have been featured in Hollywood blockbusters and have graced the cover of Rolling Stone. With the support of Swiffer fans around the world, Swiffer has built a family of distinctive products built smarter than traditional cleaning tools. Today, Swiffer® Sweeper, Swiffer® Sweeper Heavy Duty, Swiffer® SweeperVac®, Swiffer® WetJet®, Swiffer® Dusters®, Swiffer® 360° Dusters, Swiffer®Dusters Extender, Swiffer® Dust and Shine and Swiffer® Steamboost® are used in more than 50 million households worldwide and continue to revolutionize the way people clean. About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. Contacts Citizen Relations Alyssa Bermudes (US), 213-996-3806 alyssa.bermudes@citizenrelations.com Contacts Citizen Relations Alyssa Bermudes (US), 213-996-3806 alyssa.bermudes@citizenrelations.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Shavers Market: Top Companies Analysis & Regional Forecast 2022 ReportsWeb.com has announced the addition of the Global Shavers 2017 Market Research Report The report focuses on global major leading players with information such as company profiles, product picture and specification.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, March 17, 2017 ) Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Shavers in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Global Shavers market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Conair Corporation BaByliss Helen of Troy Limited Koninklijke Philips Electronics Panasonic Corporation The Procter & Gamble Company Gillette Braun GmbH Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc Remington Products Company Wahl Clipper Corporation Eltron Company Wahl Clipper Corporation Izumi Products Company Flyco POVOS SID Request For Free Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001680478/sample On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Reciprocating Type Shavers Rotary Type Shavers On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Shavers for each application, including Exclusive Shop Supermarket Online Sales For More Information About This Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/global-shavers-market-research-report-2017 Table of Content 1 Shavers Market Overview 2 Global Shavers Market Competition by Manufacturers 3 Global Shavers Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2012-2017) 4 Global Shavers Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Region (2012-2017) 4.1 Global Shavers Consumption by Region (2012-2017) 4.2 North America Shavers Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.3 Europe Shavers Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.4 China Shavers Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.5 Japan Shavers Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.6 Southeast Asia Shavers Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.7 India Shavers Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 5 Global Shavers Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type 5.1 Global Shavers Production and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.2 Global Shavers Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.3 Global Shavers Price by Type (2012-2017) 5.4 Global Shavers Production Growth by Type (2012-2017) 6 Global Shavers Market Analysis by Application 6.1 Global Shavers Consumption and Market Share by Application (2012-2017) 6.2 Global Shavers Consumption Growth Rate by Application (2012-2017) 6.3 Market Drivers and Opportunities 6.3.1 Potential Applications 6.3.2 Emerging Markets/Countries 7 Global Shavers Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 Conair Corporation 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Shavers Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 Conair Corporation Shavers Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 BaByliss 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Shavers Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 BaByliss Shavers Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 8 Shavers Manufacturing Cost Analysis 9 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 10 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 11 Market Effect Factors Analysis 12 Global Shavers Market Forecast (2017-2022) 13 Research Findings and Conclusion Purchase This Report -http://www.reportsweb.com/buy&RW0001680478/buy/2900 And Get, Discount on Report Purchase - http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001680478/discount Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In City More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance City METRO CITIES Mumbai Delhi Bangalore Hyderabad Kolkata Chennai OTHER CITIES Agartala Agra Imphal Ahmedabad Allahabad Amritsar Aurangabad Bareilly Bhopal Bhubaneswar Chandigarh Coimbatore Cuttack Dehradun Erode Faridabad Goa Gurgaon Guwahati Hubli Indore Jaipur Jammu Jamshedpur Jind Kanpur Kochi Kolhapur Kozhikode Lucknow Ludhiana Madurai Mangalore Meerut Mysore Nagpur Nashik Navi Mumbai Noida Patna Puducherry Pune Raipur Rajahmundry Rajkot Ranchi Srinagar Salem Shillong Shimla Surat Thane Trichy Thiruvananthapuram Vadodara Varanasi Visakhapatnam Mumbai Citizen Reporter Crime Civic Issues Politics Schools & Colleges Events Elections 2017 ALL News » City News » Mumbai News » Highest stipend for IIT-Bombay's interns up 40% this summer Highest stipend for IIT-Bombay's interns up 40% this summer The highest stipend for summer placement at IIT-Bombay's Shailesh J Mehta School of Management witnessed a 40% jump compared to last year and the average stipend saw a 27% rise.TNN | Updated: Mar 17, 2017, 08.47 AM IST MUMBAI: The highest stipend for summer placement at IIT-Bombay's Shailesh J Mehta School of Management witnessed a 40% jump compared to last year and the average stipend saw a 27% rise. On an average, the batch received Rs 1.19 lakh and the top stipend received was Rs 2.80 lakh. Around 40 companies participated and about 29% of students were hired by companies from the FMCG sector, including Asian Paints, Colgate-Palmolive, Johnson & Johnson, P&G, etc. The consulting/information technology sector, which hired gave offers to 22% of the batch. Manufacturing and the banking, financial services and insurance (BFSI) sector stood third and fourth respectively followed by healthcare and other sectors. Consulting/IT majors like Accenture, Capgemini, Tata Motors and Wipro offered roles in procurement consulting and technology consulting. Profiles in operations and marketing were offered by manufacturing firms like Whirlpool, Tata Motors. Firms in BFSI - Goldman Sachs, ICICI, YES Bank - offered roles in investment management, relationship banking, risk management. New firms visiting the school - Boehringer Ingelheim, Ocwen Financial Services, Pidilite, United Health Group and Whirlpool offered roles in general management, sales & marketing. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web Germantown Residents: Criminal Justice Programs Online: En.. Criminal Justice Degree Sponsored Ads Discover How To Share Your Appreciation During Multiple Sc.. AboveMS Can A Server Os Help You Transition To The Cloud? Microsoft More from The Times of India Mollywood's lesbian outing Humour: FB Wall of Kejriwal after losing Punjab 46 Assam mullahs issue fatwa against singer Nahid Afrin From the Web More From The Times of India The Most Addicting Shopping Site For WomenTophatter A $29 Rolex Club? Here's My ReviewWatch of the Month Club This Online Degree Program Will Help You Make a Difference..Herzing University The Anthropology of Digital TransformationBMC Digital Workplace Oprah (Officially) Loves This Crazy Comfortable MattressOprah.com | Cocoon by Sealy Now, UP CM Yogi Adityanath says no to 'lal batti' Jayasudha's husband Nitin Kapoor commits suicide ‘Tharoor as PM’ campaign launched Navya Naveli Nanda chills with her new friend in New York The rise and rise of Yogi Adityanath Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular Ganguly devises strategy to tackle Dhoni in Vijay Hazare semi-final How Amit Shah and Nitin Gadkari checkmated Congress to form BJP government in Goa Anna Hazare not happy with Arvind Kejriwal's demand to return to paper ballot Are You Suffering From Varicose Veins? TOP 5 Varicose Tre.. Ad: Varicose Veins Sponsored Ads Trump, Irish PM celebrate St. Patrick's Day Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny joined President Donald Trump in the East Room of the White House for a St. Patrick's Day reception. US Army heads back to jungle with focus on Asia US Army soldiers are being pushed and tested by relentless moisture learning how to survive in a Hawaii rainforest. It's the first jungle school set up by the Army in decades, as the U.S. military renews its focus on Asia and the Pacific. From around the Web How is HIV treated? (Video) HealthiNation 10 people targeted by Modi's anti corruption campaign CRITICSUNION 20 most followed Instagram accounts (2017) SocialDaft! 10 people most affected by Modi’s anti-corruption campaign CRITICSUNION More From The Times of India Naagin Latest Updates & Tweets - The Times of India Times of India Top 10 most important things right now - Times of India Times of India Marathi TV Serial and Episode News Online Times of India Times of India Read Moretop stipendShailesh J Mehta School of Managementplacement at IIT-BombayGoldman Sachsfirms in bfsi Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel Weather in Mumbai Mumbai Travel Guide How to reach Mumbai Get to know Mumbai Hotels in Mumbai Restaurants in Mumbai Places to visit in Mumbai Things to do in Mumbai Shopping in Mumbai Nightlife in Mumbai Weekend getaways from Mumbai Itineraries Mumbai Map Mumbai Photos Haunted Places in Mumbai Beaches In Mumbai Download Mumbai Travel Guide Mumbai To Goa Flights Mumbai To Bangalore Flights Mumbai To Kolkata Flights From our Global Partners MBA in Rs 494 crore investment fraud poses as tour guide, held outside Bandra hotel Indrani Mukerjea questions son’s claim to Sheena Bora’s share of property BMC to blacklist 10 more road contractors for shoddy work With no insurance, rain, hailstorms hit farmers again 1Highest stipend for IIT-Bombay's interns up 40% this summer 2MBA in Rs 494 crore investment fraud poses as tour guide, held outside Bandra hotel 3Indrani Mukerjea questions son’s claim to Sheena Bora’s share of property 4BMC to blacklist 10 more road contractors for shoddy work 5With no insurance, rain, hailstorms hit farmers again Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now NavGujarat Samay Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends Virat Kohli Sushma Swaraj Goa Floor test Tamil Nadu Budget  India vs Australia 2017 Keshav Prasad Maurya Live: India vs Australia Goa News France shooting Tamil Movie Reviews Telugu Movie Reviews Malayalam Movie Reviews services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Sports News Business News India News World News Headlines Breaking News News Entertainment News hot on the web AP Budget 2017 Live: India vs Australia WWE Raw  Karnataka Budget Breaking News Uttarakhand Election Results 2017 Kollywood News Tollywood News Mollywood News Trending topics Live Cricket Score Manohar Parrikar BJP CM Candidate India vs Australia Keshav Prasad Maurya Goa CM Beauty and the Beast Sunny Leone Baahubali 2 trailer Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 March 2017 by Military News Global Shavers Market 2017 Analysis and Forecast to 2021 HTF Market Intelligence released a new research report of 116 pages on title ‘Global Shavers Market Research Report 2017’  with detailed analysis, forecast and strategies.   Summary In this report, the global Shavers market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022.   Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Shavers in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Request a sample report @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/sample-report/289809-global-shavers-market-2 Global Shavers market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Conair Corporation BaByliss Helen of Troy Limited Koninklijke Philips Electronics Panasonic Corporation The Procter & Gamble Company Gillette Braun GmbH Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc Remington Products Company Wahl Clipper Corporation Eltron Company Wahl Clipper Corporation Izumi Products Company Flyco POVOS SID On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Reciprocating Type Shavers Rotary Type Shavers On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Shavers for each application, including Exclusive Shop Supermarket Online Sales   Make an enquiry before buying this Report @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/enquiry-before-buy/289809-global-shavers-market-2   Table of Contents   Global Shavers Market Research Report 2017 1 Shavers Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Shavers 1.2 Shavers Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Shavers Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Shavers Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Reciprocating Type Shavers 1.2.4 Rotary Type Shavers 1.3 Global Shavers Segment by Application 1.3.1 Shavers Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Exclusive Shop 1.3.3 Supermarket 1.3.4 Online Sales 1.4 Global Shavers Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Shavers Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Shavers (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Shavers Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Shavers Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022)   2 Global Shavers Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1 Global Shavers Capacity, Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.1 Global Shavers Capacity and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.2 Global Shavers Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.2 Global Shavers Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.3 Global Shavers Average Price by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.4 Manufacturers Shavers Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area and Product Type 2.5 Shavers Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 Shavers Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 Shavers Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion   3 Global Shavers Capacity, Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2012-2017) 3.1 Global Shavers Capacity and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.2 Global Shavers Production and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.3 Global Shavers Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.4 Global Shavers Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.5 North America Shavers Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.6 Europe Shavers Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.7 China Shavers Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.8 Japan Shavers Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.9 Southeast Asia Shavers Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.10 India Shavers Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017)   4 Global Shavers Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Region (2012-2017) 4.1 Global Shavers Consumption by Region (2012-2017) 4.2 North America Shavers Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.3 Europe Shavers Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.4 China Shavers Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.5 Japan Shavers Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.6 Southeast Asia Shavers Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.7 India Shavers Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017)   5 Global Shavers Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type 5.1 Global Shavers Production and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.2 Global Shavers Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.3 Global Shavers Price by Type (2012-2017) 5.4 Global Shavers Production Growth by Type (2012-2017)   6 Global Shavers Market Analysis by Application 6.1 Global Shavers Consumption and Market Share by Application (2012-2017) 6.2 Global Shavers Consumption Growth Rate by Application (2012-2017) 6.3 Market Drivers and Opportunities 6.3.1 Potential Applications 6.3.2 Emerging Markets/Countries   7 Global Shavers Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 Conair Corporation 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Shavers Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 Conair Corporation Shavers Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 BaByliss 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Shavers Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 BaByliss Shavers Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 Helen of Troy Limited 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Shavers Product Category, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 Helen of Troy Limited Shavers Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.4 Koninklijke 7.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.4.2 Shavers Product Category, Application and Specification 7.4.2.1 Product A 7.4.2.2 Product B 7.4.3 Koninklijke Shavers Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.5 Philips Electronics 7.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.5.2 Shavers Product Category, Application and Specification 7.5.2.1 Product A 7.5.2.2 Product B 7.5.3 Philips Electronics Shavers Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.6 Panasonic Corporation 7.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.6.2 Shavers Product Category, Application and Specification 7.6.2.1 Product A 7.6.2.2 Product B 7.6.3 Panasonic Corporation Shavers Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.7 The Procter & Gamble Company 7.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.7.2 Shavers Product Category, Application and Specification 7.7.2.1 Product A 7.7.2.2 Product B 7.7.3 The Procter & Gamble Company Shavers Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.8 Gillette 7.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.8.2 Shavers Product Category, Application and Specification 7.8.2.1 Product A 7.8.2.2 Product B 7.8.3 Gillette Shavers Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.9 Braun GmbH 7.9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.9.2 Shavers Product Category, Application and Specification 7.9.2.1 Product A 7.9.2.2 Product B 7.9.3 Braun GmbH Shavers Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.10 Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc 7.10.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.10.2 Shavers Product Category, Application and Specification 7.10.2.1 Product A 7.10.2.2 Product B 7.10.3 Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc Shavers Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.10.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.11 Remington Products Company 7.12 Wahl Clipper Corporation 7.13 Eltron Company 7.14 Wahl Clipper Corporation 7.15 Izumi Products Company 7.16 Flyco 7.17 POVOS 7.18 SID   8 Shavers Manufacturing Cost Analysis 8.1 Shavers Key Raw Materials Analysis 8.1.1 Key Raw Materials 8.1.2 Price Trend of Key Raw Materials 8.1.3 Key Suppliers of Raw Materials 8.1.4 Market Concentration Rate of Raw Materials 8.2 Proportion of Manufacturing Cost Structure 8.2.1 Raw Materials 8.2.2 Labor Cost 8.2.3 Manufacturing Expenses 8.3 Manufacturing Process Analysis of Shavers   9 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 9.1 Shavers Industrial Chain Analysis 9.2 Upstream Raw Materials Sourcing 9.3 Raw Materials Sources of Shavers Major Manufacturers in 2015 9.4 Downstream Buyers   10 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 10.1 Marketing Channel 10.1.1 Direct Marketing 10.1.2 Indirect Marketing 10.1.3 Marketing Channel Development Trend 10.2 Market Positioning 10.2.1 Pricing Strategy 10.2.2 Brand Strategy 10.2.3 Target Client 10.3 Distributors/Traders List   11 Market Effect Factors Analysis 11.1 Technology Progress/Risk 11.1.1 Substitutes Threat 11.1.2 Technology Progress in Related Industry 11.2 Consumer Needs/Customer Preference Change 11.3 Economic/Political Environmental Change   12 Global Shavers Market Forecast (2017-2022) 12.1 Global Shavers Capacity, Production, Revenue Forecast (2017-2022) 12.1.1 Global Shavers Capacity, Production and Growth Rate Forecast (2017-2022) 12.1.2 Global Shavers Revenue and Growth Rate Forecast (2017-2022) 12.1.3 Global Shavers Price and Trend Forecast (2017-2022) 12.2 Global Shavers Production, Consumption , Import and Export Forecast by Region (2017-2022) 12.2.1 North America Shavers Production, Revenue, Consumption, Export and Import Forecast (2017-2022) 12.2.2 Europe Shavers Production, Revenue, Consumption, Export and Import Forecast (2017-2022) 12.2.3 China Shavers Production, Revenue, Consumption, Export and Import Forecast (2017-2022) 12.2.4 Japan Shavers Production, Revenue, Consumption, Export and Import Forecast (2017-2022) 12.2.5 Southeast Asia Shavers Production, Revenue, Consumption, Export and Import Forecast (2017-2022) 12.2.6 India Shavers Production, Revenue, Consumption, Export and Import Forecast (2017-2022) 12.3 Global Shavers Production, Revenue and Price Forecast by Type (2017-2022) 12.4 Global Shavers Consumption Forecast by Application (2017-2022)   13 Research Findings and Conclusion   14 Appendix 14.1 Methodology/Research Approach 14.1.1 Research Programs/Design 14.1.2 Market Size Estimation 14.1.3 Market Breakdown and Data Triangulation 14.2 Data Source 14.2.1 Secondary Sources 14.2.2 Primary Sources 14.3 Disclaimer   View Detailed Table of Content @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/reports/289809-global-shavers-market-2   Buy this report @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/buy-now?format=1&report=289809   Contact Us: CRAIG FRANCIS (PR & Marketing Manager) sales@htfmarketreport.com Ph: +1 (206) 317 1218 CategoriesUncategorized Tagsbase, Business, Companies, company, Consumer, Electronics, Google News, Industry, intelligence, Machinery, major, Markets, Shavers industry forecast, Shavers market analysis, Shavers market growth, Shavers market parameters, Shavers market segmentation, Shavers market share, Shavers market size, Shavers market trend, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Blue Buffalo Voluntarily Recalls One Lot of BLUE Wilderness® Rocky Mountain Recipe TM Red Meat Dinner Wet Food For Adult DogsDue to Potential Health Risk Next PostNext Global Skid Plates Market 2017 Analysis and Forecast to 2021 Search Recent Posts Alzheimer’s disease (AD) – Epidemiology Forecast To 2023 Native American Higher Education Professionals and Students Earn Top Awards by American Indian College Fund and Adolph Coors Foundation Cruz Cobalt Closes Montana Cobalt Project Global Peripheral Transluminal Coronary Angioplasty Balloon Market Research Report & Industry Analysis Phoenix Solar Aktiengesellschaft: Phoenix Solar Regains Full Control Over Asia/Pacific Operations from Minority Shareholders in Singapore Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Feminine Hygiene Products Market - Trends and Forecast: Technavio Technavio has published a new report on the global feminine hygiene products market from 2017-2021. (Graphic: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Technavio has published a new report on the global feminine hygiene products market from 2017-2021. (Graphic: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail March 17, 2017 01:23 PM Eastern Daylight Time LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Technavio’s latest report on the global feminine hygiene products market provides an analysis on the most important trends expected to impact the market outlook from 2017-2021. Technavio defines an emerging trend as a factor that has the potential to significantly impact the market and contribute to its growth or decline. Amber Chourasia, a lead analyst from Technavio, specializing in research on health and wellness sector, says, “A key reason for the shift in operational bases could be attributed to a fast increase in disposable income of women in the region, allowing them to spend on hygiene essentials such as feminine hygiene products that are, in most cases, expensive.” Awareness initiatives may trigger consumption of hygiene products like feminine hygiene wash products. But this would only happen when manufacturers address the negative aspects of these products by introducing more natural and organic products that can limit side-effects if not eliminate them completely. Additionally, there is a possibility that international players in the market may shift their operational presence into APAC that provides access to a large population with unmet hygiene needs. Request a sample report: http://www.technavio.com/request-a-sample?report=57104 Technavio’s sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report including the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more. The top three emerging trends driving the global feminine hygiene products market according to Technavio research analysts are: Rapid growth of e-commerce The growing popularity of e-commerce is making it easier for customers to browse and purchase from a wide range of feminine hygiene products available online. This makes the shopping experience easier, and also allows manufacturers to improve brand visibility and brand retention. “The ability to market and sell these products online opens up new avenues for vendors to expand their business in terms of product availability and accessibility. The rapid penetration of the internet will enable vendors to offer a broad range of feminine hygiene products and create a wide customer base for their products,” according to Amber. Product novelty encouraging adoption A rapidly changing world with busy lifestyles is providing an opportunity for manufacturers to develop hygiene products that match the changing needs of women. For instance, the availability of organic pads has helped to counter the negative perception about these products. Bluetooth-enabled menstrual cup is generating a lot of buzz among users in the market and is likely to boost the confidence levels of women, who can then keep a track of blood flow during their menstrual cycle. The Bluetooth-enabled menstrual cups enable users to keep track of menstruation start and estimated end dates. These menstrual cups can be synchronized with iPhones and Android as well as with smart wearable devices, making them easier to handle, especially among tech-savvy women. Growing popularity of organic products There is a growing trend of people wanting to shift toward using organic products. Female consumers in developed countries, like the US and the UK, have shown a preference for feminine hygiene products with natural ingredients because of their perceived health benefits and higher standards of quality. For example, pantyliners designed with natural raw materials are having a positive impact on the market owing to the notion that bleaching agents and chemicals used in manufacturing of pantyliners can cause cervical cancer. The key vendors are as follows: Procter & Gamble Unicharm Johnson & Johnson Kimberly-Clark Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget Edgewell Personal Care Browse Related Reports: Global Natural and Organic Tampons Market 2016-2020 Global Feminine Hygiene Wash Market 2016-2020 Personal Care Products for the Maternity Market in the US 2016-2020 Become a Technavio Insights member and access all three of these reports for a fraction of their original cost. As a Technavio Insights member, you will have immediate access to new reports as they’re published in addition to all 6,000+ existing reports covering segments like agricultural equipment, lab equipment, and outdoor gear. This subscription nets you thousands in savings, while staying connected to Technavio’s constant transforming research library, helping you make informed business decisions more efficiently. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. Contacts Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Release Summary Technavio’s latest report on the global feminine hygiene products market provides an analysis on the most important trends expected to impact the market outlook from 2017-2021. #Hashtags #Technavio #femininehygieneproducts #Research #HealthandWellness $Cashtags $KMB $PG $JNJ Contacts Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Global Odor Eliminator Market 2017-2022: Bioenzymes Creating Their Own Niche Market - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets Mar 17, 2017, 11:15 ET Share this article DUBLIN, Mar 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Odor Eliminator Market - Drivers, Opportunities, Trends & Forecasts up to 2022" report to their offering. Global Odor Eliminator market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 4.9% during the forecast period to reach $11.15 billion by 2022. Activated charcoal material segment is expected to maintain global dominance in material segments, whereas Europe is expected to increase its dominance in global odor eliminator market. Currently, Europe is the global leader in the odor eliminator market and Asia Pacific is the fastest growing market due to increasing industrialization in developing countries such as China and India. Industrial application area segment is expected to maintain global dominance in application area segments because of increased usage of activated charcoal in the industries. In addition, increasing government regulations towards clean environment and restrictions on the release of polluted air to the atmosphere contribute to the increase of odor eliminator market at global level. Most of the filter based devices use adsorption technique to eliminate odor from air and are the major contributors to the global odor eliminator revenue. Multinational companies such as Osaka Gas Chemicals, Novozymes, Cabot Corporation, and Nalco (Ecolab) are prominent players in this market. Key Topics Covered: 1 Report Outline 2 Executive Summary 2.1 Bioenzymes Creating Their Own Niche Market 2.2 Asia Pacific Region Increasing its Lead with High Growth Coming from Developing Countries 3 Market Positioning 3.1 Total Addressable Market (TAM): Heating, Ventilation and Air Conditioning 3.2 Segmented Addressable Market (SAM) 3.3 Related Markets 4 Market Outlook 5 Market Characteristics 5.1 Market Segmentation 5.2 Market Dynamics 5.2.1 Drivers 5.2.1.1 Bioenzymes based odor eliminator is increasing market penetration with environment-friendly products 5.2.1.2 Increasing consumer base in developing countries 5.2.2 Restraints 5.2.2.1 Low penetration in underdeveloped countries 5.2.2.2 Limiting trade regulations 5.2.2.3 Slow economic growth in developed countries 5.2.3 Opportunities 5.2.3.1 Large untapped market in developing & underdeveloped countries 5.2.3.2 Novel application areas 5.2.4 DRO - Impact Analysis 6 Material: Market Size and Analysis 6.1 Overview 6.2 Activated Charcoal 6.3 Bioenzymes 6.4 Vendor Profiles 6.4.1 Ecolab 6.4.2 Cabot Corporation 6.4.3 Novozymes 6.4.4 Osaka Gas Co., Ltd. 6.4.5 Dow Chemical Company (Overview, Business Unit, Geographic Revenues, Product Profile, Recent Developments, Business Focus, SWOT Analysis, Business Strategy have been covered for all Vendors) 7 Product: Market Size and Analysis 7.1 Overview 7.2 Aerosol Products 7.3 Filter Based Devices 7.4 Bars/Cakes 8 Application Areas: Market Size and Analysis 8.1 Overview 8.2 Industrial Application Area 8.3 Commercial Application Area 8.4 Residential Applications Area 8.5 Customer Profile 8.5.1 Sealed Air 8.5.2 Procter & Gamble Co. 8.5.3 Honeywell International, Inc. 8.5.4 Air Liquide S.A. 8.5.5 Koninklijke Philips N.V. (Overview, Business Unit, Geographic Revenues, Product Profile, Recent Developments, Business Focus, SWOT Analysis, Business Strategy have been covered for all Customers) 9 Geography: Market Size and Analysis 10 Companies to Watch for 10.1 Novozymes 10.2 Merged Entity of DuPont and Dow Chemical 11 Competitive Landscape 11.1 Competitor Comparison Analysis 11.2 Market Landscape 11.3 Market Activities 12 Expert's Views For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/rz92h3/odor_eliminator Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-odor-eliminator-market-2017-2022-bioenzymes-creating-their-own-niche-market---research-and-markets-300425412.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com Mar 20, 2017, 07:30 ET Preview: Global Gas Turbine Services Market Analysis & Trends 2013-2025: Market is Poised to Grow to Reach $24.9 Billion - Research and Markets Mar 17, 2017, 11:00 ET Preview: Worldwide Carrier SDN Market Growth at CAGR of 42%, Drivers, Opportunities, Trends, and Forecasts: 2017-2023 - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Mar 20, 2017, 14:45 ETGlobal Cystic Fibrosis Strategic Business Report 2017 - Research... Mar 20, 2017, 14:45 ETGlobal Offshore Drilling Rigs Market 2017-2025: New Drilling... Explore More news releases in similar topics Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global Odor Eliminator Market 2017-2022: Bioenzymes Creating Their Own Niche Market - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets Mar 17, 2017, 11:15 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Household, Consumer & Cosmetics | Publishing & Information Services | Surveys, Polls and Research Global Odor Eliminator Market 2017-2022: Bioenzymes Creating Their Own Niche Market - Research and Markets Download image DUBLIN, Mar 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Odor Eliminator Market - Drivers, Opportunities, Trends & Forecasts up to 2022" report to their offering. Global Odor Eliminator market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 4.9% during the forecast period to reach $11.15 billion by 2022. Activated charcoal material segment is expected to maintain global dominance in material segments, whereas Europe is expected to increase its dominance in global odor eliminator market. Currently, Europe is the global leader in the odor eliminator market and Asia Pacific is the fastest growing market due to increasing industrialization in developing countries such as China and India. Industrial application area segment is expected to maintain global dominance in application area segments because of increased usage of activated charcoal in the industries. In addition, increasing government regulations towards clean environment and restrictions on the release of polluted air to the atmosphere contribute to the increase of odor eliminator market at global level. Most of the filter based devices use adsorption technique to eliminate odor from air and are the major contributors to the global odor eliminator revenue. Multinational companies such as Osaka Gas Chemicals, Novozymes, Cabot Corporation, and Nalco (Ecolab) are prominent players in this market. Key Topics Covered: 1 Report Outline 2 Executive Summary 2.1 Bioenzymes Creating Their Own Niche Market 2.2 Asia Pacific Region Increasing its Lead with High Growth Coming from Developing Countries 3 Market Positioning 3.1 Total Addressable Market (TAM): Heating, Ventilation and Air Conditioning 3.2 Segmented Addressable Market (SAM) 3.3 Related Markets 4 Market Outlook 5 Market Characteristics 5.1 Market Segmentation 5.2 Market Dynamics 5.2.1 Drivers 5.2.1.1 Bioenzymes based odor eliminator is increasing market penetration with environment-friendly products 5.2.1.2 Increasing consumer base in developing countries 5.2.2 Restraints 5.2.2.1 Low penetration in underdeveloped countries 5.2.2.2 Limiting trade regulations 5.2.2.3 Slow economic growth in developed countries 5.2.3 Opportunities 5.2.3.1 Large untapped market in developing & underdeveloped countries 5.2.3.2 Novel application areas 5.2.4 DRO - Impact Analysis 6 Material: Market Size and Analysis 6.1 Overview 6.2 Activated Charcoal 6.3 Bioenzymes 6.4 Vendor Profiles 6.4.1 Ecolab 6.4.2 Cabot Corporation 6.4.3 Novozymes 6.4.4 Osaka Gas Co., Ltd. 6.4.5 Dow Chemical Company (Overview, Business Unit, Geographic Revenues, Product Profile, Recent Developments, Business Focus, SWOT Analysis, Business Strategy have been covered for all Vendors) 7 Product: Market Size and Analysis 7.1 Overview 7.2 Aerosol Products 7.3 Filter Based Devices 7.4 Bars/Cakes 8 Application Areas: Market Size and Analysis 8.1 Overview 8.2 Industrial Application Area 8.3 Commercial Application Area 8.4 Residential Applications Area 8.5 Customer Profile 8.5.1 Sealed Air 8.5.2 Procter & Gamble Co. 8.5.3 Honeywell International, Inc. 8.5.4 Air Liquide S.A. 8.5.5 Koninklijke Philips N.V. (Overview, Business Unit, Geographic Revenues, Product Profile, Recent Developments, Business Focus, SWOT Analysis, Business Strategy have been covered for all Customers) 9 Geography: Market Size and Analysis 10 Companies to Watch for 10.1 Novozymes 10.2 Merged Entity of DuPont and Dow Chemical 11 Competitive Landscape 11.1 Competitor Comparison Analysis 11.2 Market Landscape 11.3 Market Activities 12 Expert's Views For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/rz92h3/odor_eliminator Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 SOURCE Research and Markets RELATED LINKS http://www.researchandmarkets.com More by this Source Global Cystic Fibrosis Strategic Business Report 2017 - Research and Markets 20 Mar, 2017, 18:45 GMT Global Offshore Drilling Rigs Market 2017-2025: New Drilling Programs at Offshore Nigeria, Ghana, Angola, and Cote d'Ivoire will Drive the $190.25 Billion Industry - Research and Markets 20 Mar, 2017, 18:45 GMT Aquaculture Market 2015-2022: Global Strategic Business Report 2017 - The Blue Revolution for Meeting Growing Seafood Needs of the Masses - Research and Markets 20 Mar, 2017, 18:15 GMT View all news by Research and Markets Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Household, Consumer & Cosmetics News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
Special Offer for Philly.com Readers / Get The Philadelphia Inquirer and Daily News Special Offer for Philly.com Readers News Sports Business Health Entertainment Food Opinion Real Estate Obits Search icon SectionsClose Search Search Search Search icon News Breaking Pennsylvania New Jersey Politics Education Special Reports Sports Eagles Phillies Flyers Sixers Union College High School Entertainment Celebs & Gossip The Arts Things to Do Puzzles Comics Business Cars Jobs Pharma Philly Deals Real Estate Small Business The Street Health Kids' Health Running Nutrition Sports Medicine Food Clean Plates Craig LaBan The Insider Opinion Blogs Columnists Letters Lifestyle Home & Design Sex & Dating Style Travel Marketplace Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers Online All Classifieds People Births Celebrations Engagements Obituaries Death Notices Your Day Event Calendar PMN Events Horoscope Lottery Weather Newsletters Advertise Contact Us Permissions Reprints Powered By Inquirer logo Subscribe Daily News logo Subscribe business Breakdown of the improvements Updated: March 17, 2017 — 6:15 AM EDT Facebook icon 3Share Twitter icon Tweet Tumblr icon Tumblr Mail icon Email Comment icon 0 Comment Reprints & Permissions REPRINTS Popular Stories Boy, 5, dies after being accidentally choked by family dog Mar 20 - 11:09 PM Swarthmore student dies after accident on campus Mar 20 - 3:09 PM Close icon Shopping Cart icon Philadelphia Regional Port Authority Artist's rendering of an old seaplane hangar at the Southport site at the Navy Yard that will be converted into an auto detailing facility to prepare Hyundai and Kia cars that arrive at the port, headed for dealer showrooms. by Linda Loyd, Staff Writer Twitter icon @LoydLinda | Mail icon lloyd@phillynews.com Close icon Mail icon Email Twitter icon @LoydLinda Phone icon 215-854-4822 Linda Loyd Staff Writer Linda Loyd writes about Philadelphia International Airport, the airline industry, and the ports on the Delaware River.  More by Linda Loyd Long airport lines of spring break 2016 are not back Mar 20 Philly port is poised to get new cranes, bigger ships, more cargo, and more jobs Mar 15 Trump budget proposes privatizing air traffic control, hiking TSA fee Mar 16 More from Linda Loyd Arrow icon Here’s how the $293 million (plus money for engineering and design costs) will be spent: Packer terminal Packer terminal is getting four new "post Panamax" container cranes, at $12.5 million each. They are comparable to cranes in the world's largest seaports. Warehouses on dock will be demolished with new ones built off site to free up acreage for containers. Ship berths will be dredged deeper to 45 feet to match the 45-foot channel depth in Delaware. Improvements also include new "fenders" and crane rail to handle bigger ships, updating the electrical grid in the terminal, and converting two older diesel cranes to electric. The port is negotiating to buy the old Food Distribution Center site in South Philadelphia to build warehouses. Construction to strengthen the wharf  to handle the larger cranes is out to bid. Work will begin in July and completed in October when the first two cranes arrive from China.  Why China?  The United States doesn't build cranes. "Every major port in the world has threse cranes," said Jeff Theobald, the Philadelphia Regional Port Authority's chief executive officer. Holt, the Packer terminal operator, will buy one of the four cranes, contribute 40 privately-owned acres known as the “Publicker site,” and prepare the area for containers, Theobald said. Southport terminal The port’s automobile-handling operation will get 155 paved and fenced acres at the Southport site. An old seaplane hangar will be renovated into a second auto-processing facility to complement the auto-processing operation now at the Pier 98 Annex. Hyundai and Kia signed a 15-year lease to stay in Philadelphia, and plan to increase autos coming from South Korea from 155,000 to 350,000 annually. The port authority can take back land at Southport to use for other cargoes, if container volumes surge, or if autos are down. The logistics firm for Hyundai and Kia is considering shipping Kia and Hyundai autos that now go to Vancouver, British Columbia, and by rail to eastern Canada to Philadelphia instead “and rail them from here to eastern Canada,” Theobald said. The firm is also looking at export opportunities to bring U.S. cars from the Midwest through Philadelphia on the same ships that bring the car imports. Today the ships leave empty. Tioga Marine terminal Tioga Marine Terminal will get $12 million to increase warehouse capacity for handling wood pulp and other cargoes, add rail track and a loading-dock canopy, and buy a new mobile harbor crane. Non-containerized cargo, such as wood pulp, plywood and steel, is expected to increase by 21 percent at Tioga. Fibria Celulose, the world’s largest producer of eucalyptus pulp, sends tons of pulp annually from Brazil to Tioga, where it goes by rail and truck to paper manufacturers in Pennsylvania, such as Kimberly-Clark in Chester and Procter & Gamble in Mehoopany, to make paper towels, bathroom tissue, and diapers. In 2014, Fibria made Tioga its Northeast U.S. distribution center, and a second pulp customer, CMPC Celulosa from Chile, is now shipping to Tioga. Robert Palaima, president of Delaware River Stevedores, the terminal operator, said other wood-pulp producers are interested in shipping pulp in combination with other cargoes. Palaima said he is talking to port officials about “an alternative vision for roughly the same amount of money” to accommodate some “new opportunities coming our way." “Whatever is done is going to be good for us and result in good opportunities for our work force,” Palaima said. “The improvements at Tioga will result in significant job increases — as much as an 18 percent to 20 percent increase in International Longshoremen Association (ILA) man hours.” — Linda Loyd Read more by Linda Loyd Published: March 17, 2017 — 6:15 AM EDT Do you have a minute?... Over the past year, the Inquirer, the Daily News and Philly.com have uncovered corruption in local and state public offices, shed light on hidden and dangerous environmental risks, and deeply examined the region’s growing heroin epidemic. This is indispensable journalism, brought to you by the largest, most experienced newsroom in the region. Fact-based journalism of this caliber isn’t cheap. We need your support to keep our talented reporters, editors and photographers holding government accountable, looking out for the public interest, and separating fact from fiction. If you already subscribe, thank you. If not, please consider doing so by clicking on the button below. Subscriptions can be home delivered in print, or digitally read on nearly any mobile device or computer, and start as low as 25¢ per day. We're thankful for your support in every way. We encourage respectful comments but reserve the right to delete anything that doesn't contribute to an engaging dialogue Help us moderate this thread by flagging comments that violate our guidelines Commenting policy | Comments FAQ Comment policy: Philly.com comments are intended to be civil, friendly conversations. Please treat other participants with respect and in a way that you would want to be treated. You are responsible for what you say. And please, stay on topic. If you see an objectionable post, please report it to us using the "Report Abuse" option. Please note that comments are monitored by Philly.com staff. We reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable. Personal attacks, especially on other participants, are not permitted. We reserve the right to permanently block any user who violates these terms and conditions. Additionally comments that are long, have multiple paragraph breaks, include code, or include hyperlinks may not be posted. Load comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Continue Reading More in business Business › 'Made in Pa.' products shine at giant housewares show Commercial Real Estate › Boeing seeks $30 million grant for V-22 mod workshop in Ridley Park Jobbing › Philly kid didn't come from money. Now he's one of city's most successful developers. Stocks down 3rd consecutive day NEW YORK - After an early-afternoon slump, U.S. stocks finished mostly lower Monday in a quiet day of trading. Banks fell along with bond yields... Comcast adds Netflix to potential freebies in binge-friendly 'watchathon' IT deal: KKR's Optiv buys Malvern-based Comm Solutions "End-to-end cyber security solutions" Vanguard replaces Explorer fund managers, aiming to improve performance Vanguard Group, the $4 trillion Malvern-based investment giant, says it has hired ClearBridge Investments LLC, New York, to replace two much... N.Y. group moves to develop massive new Philly enclave Internet of Things: Zonoff bosses, staff move to Calif. firm after Honeywell sale fail According to StacyOnIT Philly's trend-setting restaurants hike their hours but not their profits How Pa. teachers' pension fund beat the markets in 2016 The $50 billion-plus Pennsylvania Public School Employees Retirement System brought in more money than it paid out last year. That is news... Philly.com logo is powered by Inquirer logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Daily News logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Twitter icon @phillydotcom Facebook icon /phillydotcom News & Info News Sports Entertainment Business Health Food Lifestyle Opinion Event Calendar Archives Marketplace Deals Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers All Classifieds About us About Philly.com Advertise Contact Us Licensing & Permissions Photo Reprints Newspapers In Education Career Opportunities Internships Acel Moore Workshop   Mobile Apps Email Notifications Morning headlines Eagles This Week Things To Do Dining In and Out Sports Business Health Lifestyle PMN Events Show all ▾ Show some ▾ © Copyright 2017 Philadelphia Media Network (Digital), LLC Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Portfolio Catalyst Today’s Paper ePaper Blogs WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Know Meet Work Talk Cover Watch Read Takeaway Play Explore Hang Shoot Quiz on well-known brands Joy Bhattacharjya comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet On this day in 1850, Henry Wells and Willam Fargo started American Express, originally a mail company. This week’s quiz is on the origin of some well-known brands. Brand baaja 1 Which global consumer goods giant was started in 1837 by a candle-maker and a soap-maker who married sisters and were advised by their father-in-law to team up to make the sourcing of raw materials easier? 2 Former IOCL engineer Mahesh Gupta started his own business in 1988, mainly designing instruments to be used in the petroleum industry. However, when his son went down with jaundice in 1998, he decided to work on another product, which currently has around 40 per cent domestic market share in its category. Name the company. 3 The first paper mill of this extremely famous organisation was founded in 1865, near the town of Tampere in the former Russian Empire. However, the company was named after the town closest to the second mill. Name this company whose first model in its most famous category was the Mobira Senator in 1982? 4 Seabury Stanton’s going back on a verbal agreement in 1964 resulted in a takeover of his century-old textile manufacturing company. The person who took over made one of the most powerful organisations internationally, with no connection with the original product. Name the company, or the buyer. 5 Which iconic brand named after its founder was started by him after he became the official box-maker and packer for Empress Eugenie, Napoleon III’s wife? 6 The original logo of this international company was designed by the owner in 1868. There were four figures in that logo, which was later reduced to three to depict a modern family. Name the brand. 7 Which product got its name as its keys resembled the drupelets of a fruit of the rubus genre, in the Rosaceae family? 8 According to the founder, the original name — Foodiebay — didn’t have the zing they were looking for. The brand was renamed in 2010 with a play on a particular fruit. Name the brand. 9 Which Indian brand, started in the late 1960s, was named after a schoolgirl from the town of Ruppur in Gujarat? 10 Which product did German Maz Keith start manufacturing from whey, pomace and artificial sweeteners after supplies from the parent company stopped due to the outbreak of World War II? Answers 1. Procter and Gamble (from William Procter and James Gamble). They married the Morris sisters 2. Kent RO, which manufactures water purifiers 3. Nokia 4. Berkshire Hathaway, taken over by Warren Buffett 5. Louis Vuitton; his son George designed its iconic logo in 1896 6. Nestlé, started by Henri Nestlé. The three fledglings in the original logo were reduced to two 7. The Blackberry, which released its first smartphone in 2003 8. Zomato, started by Deepinder Goyal in 2008, and currently operating in more than 20 countries 9. Nirma, named by Karsanbhai Patel after his daughter Nirupama 10. Fanta; the parent company was Coca Cola. Fanta was later adopted by Coca Cola as a global brand Joy Bhattacharjya is a quizmaster and Project Director, FIFA U-17 World Cup Follow Joy on Twitter @joybhattacharj (This article was published on March 17, 2017) Post Comment Related TOPICS arts, culture and entertainment | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Slideshow This is home, everywhere Tarpaulin sheets and bamboo sticks mean the world to migrant labourers. Glimpses from Jaflong, Bangladesh more slideshows »  Home Spun The old faithful The old faithful Is the duration of stay the only parameter that separates visitors and residents? » Moderating extravagance Moderating extravagance Hazaribagh’s influence on a writer is visceral, going beyond the aesthetic » The lives of others The lives of others Living on the outskirts of Muzaffarnagar, the town’s fault lines were not immediately visible » Fishing for gold Fishing for gold Fish in the water trumps fish on the plate, every single time » Consuming home Consuming home A Guwahati childhood is inseparable from wondrous foods and their sonorous names » Read More » MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED SOS from the homemaker Shifting ground Quiz on well-known brands No level playing field Feminists have killed feminism A knockout worth the wait O P E N close Recent Article in Hang Quiz on elections As the results of an important State elections pour in today, here’s a news, a quiz on elections. » Businessline: BL Ink | Know | Meet | Work | Talk | Cover | Watch | Read | Takeaway | Play | Explore | Hang | Shoot | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
You're about to be redirected We notice you're visiting us from a region where we have a local version of Inc.com. READ THIS ARTICLE ON or remain on inc.com Startup Best Industries Funding Incubators Business Plans Naming Home-Based Business The UPS StoreView Grow Strategy Operations Sales Marketing Customer Service Franchises Build Lead Company Culture Productivity Public Speaking Hiring HR/Benefits Women Entrepreneurs Rising Stars T-MobileView Innovate Creativity Invent Design Pivot Technology Cloud Computing Social Media Security Big Data Money Bootstrapping Crowdfunding Venture Capital Borrowing Business Models Personal Finance Inc. 5000 The 2016 US List The 2017 Europe List Apply Inc. 5000 US Special Reports Founders 40 Small Business Week The Inc. Life Icons of Entrepreneurship Hot Spots Spread the Wealth Vision 2020 Secrets of the Inspired Traveler Main Street Video Women Who Lead Peak Performance Founders Forum Inspiration Chronicles World's Coolest Offices Lift Inc. Live How I Did It Drinks With… Idea Lab Playbook Tip Sheet Origin Stories Ask Marcus Lemonis Events Full Schedule Inc. Women's Summit Inc.5000 Conference & Gala Iconic GrowCo Conference Inc. BrandView NEWSLETTERS MAGAZINE PARTNER CONTENT Inc. BrandView Inc. Branded Content Inc. Franchise PODCASTS SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE INC. RADIO INC. BUSINESS HUB Inc. Verified Profile Inc. Plus Send Press Releases Plan for your business Secure Funding Get Published OTHER EDITIONS Inc. ASEAN Inc. Arabia SITEMAP PRIVACY PRESS QUERIES AD CHOICE Search Newsletters Follow Subscribe Today's Must Reads Inc. Events & Offers Inc. Partner Events & Offers Forgot Password? Enter your email to reset your password Or sign up using: New member? Sign up now. Sign in if you're already registered. INNOVATE How to Know the Goals of Your Audience You can't reach customers without knowing what they need. By Art Markman Art Markman is a professor of psychology and marketing at the University of Texas and founding director of the program in the human dimensions of organizations. He has written more than 150 research papers, on topics including reasoning, decision making, motivation, and creativity. He consults with companies that want to integrate cognitive science into their work. Markman has written several books, including Smart Thinking, Smart Change, and Habits of Leadership. He is also co-host of the radio show and podcast Two Guys on Your Head, produced by KUT radio in Austin. @abmarkman Professor of psychology and marketing, University of Texas@abmarkman WRITE A COMMENT CREDIT: Getty Images Advertisement On Saturday, I had the honor of being on a panel at SXSW Interactive with Oen Hammonds from IBM and Carol Milliron from SheSpeaks that was hosted by Davd Moon from BazaarVoice. The panel explored the role of visual story telling in brands. A key message that emerged from the panel discussion involved the importance of understanding the goals of the people you are trying to reach with visual messages. More broadly, this lesson is true for almost any aspect of innovation. Many advertisers and designers start with visual images that they want to use to portray their brand in a positive way. The hope is to find the killer imagery to go along with the brand concept that will sway potential consumers or customers. Unfortunately, this approach misses the key role of the goals of the people you are trying to reach. For example, Coca Cola has a wonderful strategy of creating ads that are engaging and force consumers to watch their logo for the duration of the commercial. This strategy is effective, because consumers are already well aware of what Coke is and when it is used. So, they are just trying to increase the mental accessibility of Coke and to make it easier for people to notice the Coke logo when they are in the store or in a restaurant. This strategy works quite well for any brand that is well-known by its customer base and is only trying to influence how quickly and easily the brand is recognized. This strategy works less well when a brand has an image it is trying to convey. Products like BMW, Coach, and Armani want to be associated with a lifestyle. The visual imagery they present for their brand is designed to reach consumers who are also conscious of the image they present. In order for this to work effectively, though, it is important to understand the image that consumers value. It is important to gather data about what consumers value about a brand to avoid alienating them with imagery. Brands like Abercrombie & Fitch or American Apparel can afford to shock people with sexualized images, because their customer base knows what to expect from them. When JC Penney tried to get more hip under CEO Ron Johnson, however, they did not attract devotees of edgier brands, but they did make their core customer base uncomfortable. Other brands struggle, because they need to help their customers to understand when to use the product. For these brands, it is critical to understand what they already know about the brand and then to connect their knowledge to contexts in which the product can be used. Many new products need to provide more information about how and when to use the product. This can be done in ads, but increasingly can be accomplished with product placements in TV shows and movies. In order to make this work, though, it is crucial to know when and where consumers use products most often as well as how they currently use the product. For example, Procter & Gamble struggled to get consumers to use the odor neutralizer Febreze after it was introduced. Consumers loved the product, but rarely finished bottles. Part of the problem was that they did not think about all of the situations in which the product could be used. Equally important, though, the original bottle for Febreze looked like a glass cleaning bottle. Consequently, consumers tended to put the bottle in the cabinet under the sink. As a result, it was only used on cleaning days. So, in addition to providing consumers with more information about when to use the product, P&G redesigned the bottle so that it could be put in more visible locations. This combination helped to increase the use of the product substantially. In order to uncover this information about customers, though, it is crucial to engage with them. Asking them questions in surveys and focus groups is a start, but people often have difficulty articulating their goals and decision processes. Instead, it is important to do two things. First, engage with experts in human behavior who can provide a basis for thinking about how people are likely to engage with a product. Second, observe what customers are doing in their natural habitat. Watch their engagement with your brand and others. Use these observations to think about how to reach them with your messages. The opinions expressed here by Inc.com columnists are their own, not those of Inc.com. Published on: Mar 13, 2017 Advertisement
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News Election Commission supports lifetime ban on convicts from contesting Cabinet clears 4 Bills, GST likely to roll out by July 1 Beef rumours: Dadri averted, police watched mob beat us, say Jaipur hotel owner, manager Roll out EVM printers, will dispel all doubt, say two ex-CECs BJP-led government wins trust vote in Manipur Home Education IIT-Bombay summer internship: Student gets Rs 2.8 lakh stipend offer, FMCG sector dominates placements IIT-Bombay summer internship: Student gets Rs 2.8 lakh stipend offer, FMCG sector dominates placements The average stipend for the batch rose to Rs 1.19 lakh, witnessing an increase of 27 per cent over the previous year. By: Express Web Desk | New Delhi | Updated: March 17, 2017 12:00 pm The students bagged offers in the summer placements from 40 participating companies In this year summer placements, the highest stipend of Rs 2.80 lakh has been received by a student of IIT Bombay’s Shailesh J Mehta School of Management, which is 40 per cent higher as compared to last year. The average stipend for the batch rose to Rs 1.19 lakh, witnessing an increase of 27 per cent over the previous year. The students bagged offers in the summer placements from 40 participating companies. The batch has attracted many new recruiters and also bagged new profiles from existing recruiters. Amont the new companies include Boehringer Ingelheim, Ocwen Financial Services, Pidilite, United Health Group and Whirlpool with profiles offered in General Management, Sales & Marketing, BFSI and Supply chain management. Among the sectors, highest offer is from FMCG sector which is 29 per cent of the batch. The Consulting/IT sector is on second position with 22 per cent of the batch securing offers in the sector. Manufacturing and BFSI stood third and fourth respectively followed by healthcare and other sectors. Read | Asia’s best university: 33 Indian institutes in top 300 list including IISc, IIT Bombay FMCG giants including Asian Paints, BCCL, Colgate-Palmolive, Johnson & Johnson, Kimberly-Clark, Marico, Mondelez, Nestle, P&G and others offered profiles in supply chain management, operations and IT domains. Consulting/IT bigwigs like Accenture, Capgemini, GEP, Tata motors, and Wipro had roles in procurement consulting and technology consulting up for grabs. Manufacturing giants including BASF, Cummins, Tata motors and Whirlpool offered profiles in operations and marketing. BFSI sector witnessed giants like Fidelity Investments, Goldman Sachs, ICICI, Indus Valley Partners, Ocwen Financial Services and Yes Bank offering roles in investment management, relationship banking, risk management, corporate treasury and Business Analysis & Research. In the healthcare sector, companies like Boehringer Ingleheim, Cochlear, Pharmeasy and United Health Group offered profiles in supply chain management, strategy, sales and marketing and general management. For more education news, click here For all the latest Education News, download Indian Express App now © The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd Election 2017 Captain Amarinder Singh is Punjab CM, vows to fight against drugs Amit Shah tells Keshav Prasad Maurya to pick Uttar Pradesh chief minister Lethargy of Digvijaya Singh, central observers was shocking, says Goa MLA who quit Congress Best of Express Ram Mandir: Supreme Court says Ayodhya land dispute a 'sentimental' matter, suggests mediation route  EntertainmentSunil Grover asks Kapil Sharma not to 'act like God', Kapil tries to appease him with a special invite EntertainmentHappy Birthday Rani Mukerji: She is Bollywood's real Mardaani EntertainmentNia Sharma turns a water baby and flaunts her bikini avatar. See pics, videos EntertainmentKapil Sharma says Sunil Grover has NOT left Kapil Sharma Show: ‘I will talk to him’ Must Read SportsJadeja edges Ashwin as top-ranked ICC Test bowler SportsAustralia stonewall, block by block SportsWith homespun technique, Handscomb comes of age TechnologyOokla stands by claim that Airtel is 'India’s Fastest Mobile Network' TechnologyGionee A1 smartphone to launch in India today: Here's how to watch live TechnologyXiaomi Redmi 4A first impressions: Priced at Rs 5,999, this looks like a good option LifestyleVideo: Shilpa Shetty's beginner's exercise routine is a must watch for all those who want to stay fit Mar 21: Latest News Delhi Postman/Mailguard exam 2017: Second paper to be held on March 28, check here Ram Mandir: A timeline of the long-standing dispute SC suggests fresh attempts to resolve Ayodhya Ram Mandir dispute Los Angeles only has eyes for 2024 Olympics amid deal speculation Kapil Sharma says Sunil Grover has NOT left Kapil Sharma Show: ‘I will talk to him’                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Balancing Priorities CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 SXSW Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Marketing Media Money Businesses could lose $16.4 billion to online advertising fraud in 2017: Report Lucy Handley, special to CNBC Wednesday, 15 Mar 2017 | 12:56 PM ET SHARES New figures released today suggest that ad fraud will cost brands $16.4 billion globally this year, and that nearly 20 percent of total digital ad spend was wasted in 2016. So-called invalid traffic, where bots rather than humans view or click on adverts on websites, was estimated to cost advertisers $12.5 billion in 2016 by ad verification company Adloox. However, today's figures from agency group The&Partnership estimates the cost will increase by almost $4 billion this year. It worked with Adloox to look at 200 billion "bid requests," a method by which online publishers sell advertising inventory, across 2016. It also examined ad "calls", when a publisher automatically contacts its ad server to "serve" or show an ad on its website, and ad impressions – the number of times an ad is displayed or viewed on a web page. Andrew Brookes | Getty Images The "viewability" of online advertising, a measurement relating to whether it has been seen, or clicked on, by a person, is a major concern for brands. In January, Procter and Gamble's chief marketing officer Marc Pritchard called for the media supply chain, which is involved with the placement of adverts online, to reform, telling a meeting of internet leaders: "We serve ads to consumers through a non-transparent media supply chain with spotty compliance to common standards, unreliable measurement, hidden rebates and new inventions like bot and methbot fraud." Online advertising campaigns bought using automated, or programmatic, technology are at higher risk of fraud, according to The&Partnership's research. It calculates that 29 percent of the $27 billion spent on this kind of advertising globally in 2016 was on invalid traffic, equivalent to $7.8 billion. Meanwhile, 12 percent of the online adverts bought directly from publishers, and not via programmatic methods, suffered from ad fraud, equating to $4.65 billion. Marketing departments are reviewing almost $3 billion-worth of contracts with programmatic media suppliers, according to research from the World Federation of Advertisers published in January 2016. Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook.
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Global Laundry Detergent for Institutional or Commercial Market 2017 – Henkel, Ecolab, Christeyns Global Laundry Detergent for Institutional or Commercial Market 2017 – Henkel, Ecolab, Christeyns Posted on March 16, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases Global Laundry Detergent for Institutional or Commercial Market: This market research report focuses on Past-Current Size, Shares, Trends, Price, Segmentation and Forecast 2017-2022. Pune, Mahrashtra — (SBWIRE) — 03/16/2017 — The report entitled Global Laundry Detergent for Institutional or Commercial Market 2017 presents key insights into the global Laundry Detergent for Institutional or Commercial market along with the latest up-to-date industry details and forthcoming Laundry Detergent for Institutional or Commercial industry trends, which will assist the readers to focus on product specification and end users driving the overall market revenue and profitability. Report Keynotes: The main motive of the report on "Global Laundry Detergent for Institutional or Commercial Market 2017" is to study comprehensive details of the market investors, key industry players which will enable them to make vital decisions in regards to Laundry Detergent for Institutional or Commercial growth opportunities and future investment scope. This report highlights the prominent industry competitors and provides the deep analysis of the major factors influencing the market. The report also covers the forecasts market study related to industry trends, market volume, market share estimates and company profiles of top industry players. Do Inquiry Before Buying Report Here: https://market.biz/report/global-laundry-detergent-for-institutional-commercial-market-icrw/32888/#inquiry Dominant Laundry Detergent for Institutional or Commercial market players: 1 Zep 2 Whitecat 3 Spartan Chemical Company 4 Sealed Air Corporation 5 Regal Washing 6 Procter & Gamble (PG) 7 Mega Magic 8 Kemde 9 Kao 10 Kaimi 11 JieLushi 12 Henkel 13 Ecolab 14 Christeyns 15 Betco 16 Beijing Yiqing Daily Chemical 17 BASF 18 BAIJIELI 19 Alpha Chemical Services Get Sample Copy Of Report Here: https://market.biz/report/global-laundry-detergent-for-institutional-commercial-market-icrw/32888/#requestforsample This Report examines the global Laundry Detergent for Institutional or Commercial market concerning product type, application service, client and geography. The global Laundry Detergent for Institutional or Commercial market covers major continents. Region wise Analysis of Laundry Detergent for Institutional or Commercial Market: 1 South America 2 North America 3 Middle East and Africa 4 Europe 5 APAC The global Laundry Detergent for Institutional or Commercial market has been segmentized into two parts product and application. Product Segment Analysis of Laundry Detergent for Institutional or Commercial Market: 1 Solid Laundry Detergent 2 Powder Laundry Detergent 3 Liquid Laundry Detergent Application Segment Analysis of Laundry Detergent for Institutional or Commercial Market: 1 Hospital 2 Hotel 3 Restaurant 4 Laundry 5 Other Finally, the research study provides a comprehensive view of the global Laundry Detergent for Institutional or Commercial market, offering market size and estimates for the period from 2016 to 2021, keeping in mind the above mentioned factors. For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/global-laundry-detergent-institutional-commercial-market-2017-783049.htm Media Relations Contact Stefen Marwa Research Analyst Market.biz Telephone: 8572390696 Email: Click to Email Stefen Marwa Web: https://market.biz/report/global-laundry-detergent-for-institutional-commercial-market-icrw/32888/ Latest News Toys Market in China: 2019 Industry Analysis Trends, Share, Growth Drivers and Forecasts Research Report Automotive Heads-Up Display Market to Exceed $2,869.0 Million in 2020 Global Conservation Voltage Reduction Market 2017 – Nighthawk, North Western Energy Global Brackets Market 2017: Henry Schein, 3M Unitek, GC Orthodontics, FORESTADENT Global LED Downlights Market 2017: OSRAM, Philips Lighting, GE Lighting, LUG Global Jet Engines Market 2017: GE Aviation, Pratt & Whitney, Rolls-Royce, Safran Global Laundry Detergent for Institutional or Commercial Market 2017 – Henkel, Ecolab, Christeyns Fixed Satellite Services Market Pegged for Robust Expansion During 2017 to 2025 – Persistence Market Research Global Digital Signage Market 2017 – Dynasign, E Display, Extron Electronics, Four Winds Global Security Ink Market 2017: Sicpa, ESSENTRA PACKAGING, Mingbo, DNP, Independent Ink Inc © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 March 2017 by Military News Global Feminine Hygiene Market Expected to Reach US$ 35,203.8 Million by 2024 End According to the latest market report published by Persistence Market Research (PMR) titled ‘Global Feminine Hygiene Product Market: Global Industry Analysis and Forecast, 2016-2024, the global feminine hygiene market is expected to expand at CAGR of 7.2% over the forecast period (2016-2024) in terms of value. The report has categorically been divided into three sections namely by product type, distribution channel, and region. On the basis of product type, the global feminine hygiene market has been segmented into sanitary napkins/pads, tampons, panty liners, menstrual cup, and feminine hygiene wash. On the basis of a distribution channel, the global feminine hygiene market has been segmented into a supermarket, convenience stores, department stores, retail pharmacies, and online purchase. By product type, sanitary napkin/pad segment is expected to expand at highest CAGR of 8.4% over the forecast period, in terms of value, attributed to increasing awareness about the benefits of sanitary napkins/pads. This segment is expected to be valued at US$ 16,896.8 Mn by 2024 end. A Sample of this Report is Available Upon Request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/3226 By product type, tampons segment is expected to be the second most dominant segment during the forecast period. By distribution channel, supermarket segment is expected to dominate the global feminine hygiene market over the forecast period, followed by department stores distribution channel segment. Increasing awareness and high adoption of feminine hygiene products in developing countries are expected to drive demand for feminine hygiene products during the forecast period. Factors such as easy availability and affordable prices of such products are expected to drive revenue growth of the global feminine hygiene market during the forecast period. The global feminine hygiene market is fragmented in nature, with a prevalence of oligopolistic competition among renowned brands. Established players are focused on manufacturing innovative feminine hygiene products in developed and developing countries to increase revenue generation. The report offers analysis and insights into each segment of feminine hygiene market in specific regions. On the basis of region, the global feminine hygiene market is segmented into five key regions namely North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia-Pacific (APAC), and the Middle East and Africa (MEA). In 2015, Asia Pacific dominated the global feminine hygiene market in terms of revenue and is expected to register a CAGR of 5.4% over the forecast period. Request to View Tables of Content @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/feminine-hygiene-product-market/toc Market participants covered in the report include Kimberley – Clark Corporation, Procter & Gamble, Unicharm Corporation, Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget SCA, Johnson & Johnson, Lil-lets UK Limited, Sanofi, Ontex, and Egdewell Personal Care. These companies are primarily focused on enhancing their product portfolio through research and development and introducing new cost-effective products, in order to strengthen its position in the global market. To Buy Full Report for a Single User @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/checkout/3226 CategoriesUncategorized TagsCompanies, feminine hygiene market, Google News, Industry, Machinery, Markets, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New Report of Well Casing Market Share, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2022 Next PostNext lymph Biopsy Market Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2022 Market Benefits, Business Opportunities & Future Investments Search Recent Posts Alzheimer’s disease (AD) – Epidemiology Forecast To 2023 Native American Higher Education Professionals and Students Earn Top Awards by American Indian College Fund and Adolph Coors Foundation Cruz Cobalt Closes Montana Cobalt Project Global Peripheral Transluminal Coronary Angioplasty Balloon Market Research Report & Industry Analysis Phoenix Solar Aktiengesellschaft: Phoenix Solar Regains Full Control Over Asia/Pacific Operations from Minority Shareholders in Singapore Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Turns Out Populism Has Limits: Five Things We Learned This Week The Fed lifted rates, the markets rallied anyway, and Robert Shiller has a reality check for you. by Lisa Fleisher @lisafleisher More stories by Lisa Fleisher March 17, 2017, 6:09 AM EDT Five Things We Learned This Week 1) Populism Isn’t Popular Everywhere The establishment breathed a sigh of relief this week when a nationalist, anti-immigrant Dutch party won fewer seats than expected in the first major European election of 2017, breaking the pattern of surprise from populist victories in the U.K., U.S. and Italy. The Freedom Party, led by Geert Wilders, ran on a platform of leaving the European Union, abandoning the euro, and stopping all immigration by Muslims. After the results, French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen’s odds in the betting markets plunged. France heads to the polls in April and May, followed by German elections in September.  Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte, right, and Party for Freedom (PVV) leader Geert Wilders at a meeting of Dutch political party leaders at the House of Representatives Photographer: Carl Court/Getty Images 2) The Fed Isn’t About to Pull a Big Surprise The Federal Reserve has good reason to be dull. Its decisions about U.S. monetary policy touch nearly every aspect of the global economy. A debate over the words “considerable time” is, by Fed standards, scintillating. And yet markets — stocks, bonds, the U.S. dollar and, in turn, commodities — were jolted when the Fed on Wednesday stuck to its expectations of three interest-rate increases this year. Some speculated policy makers might add another expected increase to the calendar. Still, Fed Chair Janet Yellen wants to keep investors alert, Bloomberg News reported, to keep some risk in the mix to encourage growth. 3) Robert Shiller Has a Reality Check for You Nobel Prize-winning economist Robert Shiller says the Trump rally reminds him of the feverish markets before the dot-com bust and the housing crash. Before those crises, traders thought some fundamental shift in the economy meant that the traditional measures of the value of companies and assets were obsolete. Now, investors are optimistic about President Donald Trump’s promises to cut regulations and taxes and spend $1 trillion on infrastructure. “The market is way over-priced,’’ Shiller said. “It’s not as intellectual as people would think, or as economists would have you believe.’’ Trump speaks at a rally in Nashville, on March 15, 2017. Photographer: Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post via Getty Images 4) Putin’s Love for Immigrants Trump may have a lot of love for President Vladimir Putin. But a Russian newspaper editorial recently said the U.S. president would be a member of the opposition in Russia, based on his anti-immigration stance. Russia has 11 million immigrants, according to a U.N. count, and they’re helping the country recover from a prolonged recession. The unemployment rate is 5.6 percent, and immigrants provide cheap labor for jobs like street cleaning, kitchen service and retail. Two-thirds of the population support tighter immigration limits, but the government knows they’re needed and says the country’s safe, Bloomberg News reports. “The current visa regime and rules of entry guarantee a fairly high degree of security,” says Ildar Gilmutdinov, who represents Putin’s ruling party, United Russia. Life, however, is hard for the immigrants. Source: Getty Images 5) We’re Eating Less Sugar and Salt Without Even Trying Good news for your diet. Consumer-foods giants like Nestle and Procter & Gamble are helping us cut carbs and sodium by changing the ingredients in about 20 percent of their products. “The big consumer companies are responding to competitive pressures,” said Peter Freedman, managing director of industry body Consumer Goods Forum. Healthy foods from smaller brands and tighter government rules, such as taxes on sugary drinks in the U.K. and Mexico, are spurring change. Nestle says it’s even cut as much as 40 percent of the sugar in chocolate. (We’re reserving judgment.) Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Comey Deals Trump a Political Blow When He Can Least Afford It Oil Drops as U.S. Drilling Growth Threatens to Counter OPEC Cuts Italy’s Struggling Economy Has World’s Healthiest People David Rockefeller, Banker, Philanthropist, Heir, Dies at 101 Comey Confirms Russia Inquiry, Rejects Trump Wiretap Claims Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
