메뉴 바로가기 검색 바로가기 본문 바로가기 오늘 날짜 2 0 1 7년 0 2월 0 3일 금요일 실시간뉴스속보 특검, 靑이어 특별감찰관 사무실 압수수색도 실패 '해빙' 이청아 "강박증 내과의사로 변신한 조진웅, 흥미로... 아이디스, 주당 200원 현금배당 아이디스, 지난해 영업손 12억원…적자 전환 종근당바이오, 지난해 영업익 116억원…전년比 44.4%↑ 구하라, 지드래곤과 열애설 부인 "함께 놀이공원 간 것일 ... 호실적 코스피…엇갈린 '명암' 대규모 적자 낸 포스코건설, 신용등급 하락 위기 주요국 재정확대에 글로벌 인플레이션 압력 커져 오늘 읽어야 할 아경 연예/스포츠 뉴스 Top10 열기 멈춤 실시간 속보 전체보기 2017.02.03(금요일) 특검, 靑이어 특별감찰관 사무실 압수수색도 실패18:20 '해빙' 이청아 "강박증 내과의사로 변신한 조진웅, 흥...18:16 아이디스, 주당 200원 현금배당18:16 아이디스, 지난해 영업손 12억원…적자 전환18:15 종근당바이오, 지난해 영업익 116억원…전년比 44.4%...18:13 구하라, 지드래곤과 열애설 부인 "함께 놀이공원 간 ...18:10 호실적 코스피…엇갈린 '명암'18:05 대규모 적자 낸 포스코건설, 신용등급 하락 위기18:04 주요국 재정확대에 글로벌 인플레이션 압력 커져18:04 오늘 읽어야 할 아경 연예/스포츠 뉴스 Top1018:00 close 페이스북 공유트위터 공유 검색 열기 검색입력폼 전체메뉴 열기 뉴스 오피니언 증권 자동차 연예스포츠 골프 포토 플러스 엔조이아경 티잼 [뉴스] 정치 사회 산업/IT 경제/금융 부동산 라이프 국제 [전국] 호남 수도권 중부 [증권] 증권뉴스 루머앤진실 스몰캡 재테크 불스클럽 [오피니언] 칼럼 실감현장 아시아블로그 [자동차] 자동차 뉴스 자동차 갤러리 자동차 스페셜 [포토] 포토다큐 포토갤러리 포토뉴스 동영상 포토아카이브 [연예스포츠] 연예스타 스포츠 해외뉴스 [엔조이아경] 펀캐스트 네티즌와글와글 만화 [골프] 골프기획 골프레슨 골프칼럼 골프휴먼 골프용품 골프포토 골프일반 전체뉴스 [플러스] 기획 이슈 골드에이지 스페셜뷰 카드뉴스 인포그래픽스 네티즌핫이슈 에듀아시아 리빙푸드 티잼 양낙규의 디펜스 클럽 박희준의 육도삼략 구세경의 두근두근 pdf 지면보기 noon P&G 팸퍼스 기저귀, 독성물질 검출 논란…“팸...관련기사 전체메뉴 열기 [뉴스] 정치 사회 산업/IT 경제/금융 부동산 라이프 국제 [전국] 호남 수도권 중부 [증권] 증권뉴스 루머앤진실 스몰캡 재테크 [오피니언] 사설 칼럼 기자수첩 아시아블로그 [자동차] 자동차 뉴스 자동차 갤러리 자동차 스페셜 [포토] 포토다큐 포토갤러리 포토뉴스 동영상 포토아카이브 [연예스포츠] 연예스타 스포츠 해외뉴스 [엔조이아경] 펀캐스트 네티즌와글와글 만화 [골프] 골프기획 골프레슨 골프칼럼 골프휴먼 골프용품 골프포토 골프일반 전체뉴스 [플러스] 기획 이슈 골드에이지 스페셜뷰 카드뉴스 인포그래픽스 네티즌핫이슈 에듀아시아 리빙푸드 양낙규의 디펜스 클럽 박희준의 육도삼략 구세경의 두근두근 pdf 지면보기 noon [AD] 홈> 뉴스>사회 P&G 팸퍼스 기저귀, 독성물질 검출 논란…“팸퍼스만 썼는데 애기한테 미안해” 최종수정 2017.02.03 13:01 기사입력 2017.02.03 13:01 글꼴설정 글꼴설정 맑은 고딕 돋움 바탕 폰트확대 폰트확대 폰트축소 폰트축소 스크랩 스크랩 프린트 프린트 RSS RSS 기사제보 기사제보 페이스북 트위터 카카오스토리 네이버밴드 네이버블로그 이메일 사진=아시아경제 DB [아시아경제 최누리 인턴기자] 한국 피앤지(P&G)가 국내에서 유통하는 수입 기저귀 ‘팸퍼스’ 일부 폼목에서 독성 물질이 검출됐다는 해외 언론 보도가 논란이 되고 있다. 지난달 24일 소비 전문지 '6000만 소비자들' 최신호는 프랑스 내에서 유통되는 기저귀 브랜드 12종 가운데 피앤지의 ‘팸퍼스 베이비 드라이’ 제품에서 다이옥신·살충제 두 가지 유독 성분이 검출됐다고 발표했다. 다이옥신은 고엽제 파동을 일으킨 맹독성 물질이고, 살충제는 세계보건기구가 발암물질로 분류돼 있다. 해당 제품은 한국 피앤지를 통해 국내에도 유통되고 있다. 한국 피앤지는 국내 기저귀 시장점유율 13~14%를 차지한 2위 업체다. 한국 피앤지 측은 “기준치 이하라 문제없다”고 해명했다. 앞서 한국 피앤지는 2012년 10월에도 베트남산 ‘다우니 베리베리와 바닐라크림향’ 제품에서 유독 물질인 글루타알데히드와 개미산이 검출됐다는 소비자시민모임 소시모의 주장에 논란이 됐다. 당시 소시모는 “글루타알데히드가 미국산 다우니에는 없었으나 베트남산에는 함유된 채 국내에서 팔리고 있다”고 지적했다. 그러자 한국피앤지는 지식경제부 산하 기술표준원으로부터 다우니가 안전기준에 적합함을 확인받았다고 반박했다. 방부제로 사용되는 글루타알레히드는 과민성 물질로 국내에서는 환경부 ‘유해화학물질관리법’에 따라 유독물(97-1-5)로 지정 관리하고 있다. 이에 네티즌들은 “다른 기저귀 쓰면 발진 나서 태어나서부터 지금까지 팸퍼스만 쓴 내딸. 아침부터 화나고 이런 일 생기면 애미만 애한테 미안하고” (나무야***), “아... 팸퍼스... ㅠㅠ적은 수치라지만 발암물질인데 안전이라니” (얀이냥***), “ 기준치 이하든 애초에 기저귀에 살충제랑 발암물질이 있는게 말이 돼?” (힘내요***) 등의 반응을 보였다. 최누리 인턴기자 asdwezx1@asiae.co.kr <!-- --> <!-- --> <!-- --> [속보]'서울대 출신' 유시민 딸, 충격 과거 [속보]"반기문, 박근혜에게 한 말이 결정타" [속보]김무성 불출마한다더니 이제와서… [속보]'박근혜 딸' 정유라 절대 아니라더니… 난리난 '박근혜 나체' 10년전 실제로… <ⓒ세계를 보는 창 경제를 보는 눈, 아시아경제(www.asiae.co.kr) 무단전재 배포금지> [일반] 최신뉴스 특검, 靑이어 특별감찰관 사무실 압수수색도 ... 한강 야생조류 폐사체서 AI 검출…서울시, 인... [인턴편지]오후 퇴근하면서 디지털 뉴스룸의 ... 일베, 선화예고 성폭행 예고장…범인 잡혔지... <!-- --> 오늘 본 뉴스 스크랩보기 P&G 팸퍼스 기저귀, 독성물질 ...18:23 스크랩삭제 <!-- --> 티잼 박근령 편지 속 '형님' 근혜 "힘내요 우리... 포토갤러리 이전 1/3 다음 남자들이 훔쳐본 '美의 여신 TOP 10' [금주의 여신 10] 여자도 반한 몸매종결자 이규철 특검보, 남다른 출근길 패션 가장많이본뉴스 1김무성 재등판설에…"망가지려 ... 반기문 전 유엔 사무총장의 대선판 중도하차가 결정되면서 바른정당... 2서경석 “박근혜 탄핵되든 하야하든 솔직히... 3일베 회원, "선화예고 학생 납치해 성폭행... 4이번엔 못빠져나간 왕실장..고법 "김기춘, ... 5국산헬기 수리온 비행 전면금지 6[양낙규의 Defence Club]EMP공격도 막는 ‘... 7특검 압수수색 임박 소식…靑 "예의주시" 8박근령, 朴대통령 생일에 눈물의 영상편지 ... 9조응천, 청와대 압수수색 거부에 “군색한 ... 10수리온 외면하는 정부… “국내 판로개척 ... 인기 포토 갤러리 깜짝 놀란 이국적인 미모 누워있어도 완벽한 볼륨 터치 부르는 탄력 힙라인 상상초월 글래머 몸매 미스맥심 육감 몸매 시선둘 곳 없는 일상 사진 아름다운 근육질 몸매 눈을 뗄 수 없는 섹시 화보 스투닷컴 스포츠 연예 포토 김동성♥오유진 "이혼 소송... [데이비스컵]정현, 파지에... '첼시 레전드' 램파드, 현... 유승민 딸 유담·유시민 딸... 엄상미, 슬립한장 걸치고 ... '뉴스룸' 손석희 "역사의 ... 박수연, 남심 자극하는 근... 이하늬, 장수 속옷모델 우... 미스맥심, 파격적인 노출[S... 펀캐스트 #본격_고프로_지름각 #내_휴가는_... 참...쉽죠? 와글와글 엄마 제가 산책시킬게요! 나 출근 어떻게 하지 만화 [멜랑꼴리] 5440화 오류 검문 삐리리 아시아경제 추천뉴스 루머앤진실 주요뉴스 하이비젼, 美 테슬라에 자율주행용 부품 상... 하이비젼시스템은 7일 테슬라의 자율주행 차량에 자율주행용 카메라 검사... 리빙푸드 「오늘의 레시피」에그베이크드 해조류(다시마, 쇠미역, 꼬시래기, 매생... 아시아경제 추천뉴스 루머앤진실 주요뉴스 청와대 특검, 제한적 수색과 거리 멀어 면세점 싸움에 새우등…중기청장 황당 피소 대통령 측 고영태에 ‘조우송달’ 해달라 헌... 금감원 부서장급 이상 주식 거래 전면금지 뛰어도 멈춰도 가시밭길…'황교안의 딜레마' 리빙푸드 「오늘의 레시피」에그베이크드 해조류(다시마, 쇠미역, 꼬시래기, 매생... 아시아경제 TV 대규모 적자 낸 포스코건설, 신용... 주요국 재정확대에 글로벌 인플레... <!-- --> 안드로이드 앱다운로드 아이폰 앱다운로드 맨위로 회사소개/약관 회사소개 회사공고 광고문의 제휴문의 구독문의 기사제보 채용정보 개인정보취급방침 사이트맵 고충처리 주소 : 서울특별시 중구 충무로 29 아시아미디어타워 10-11층 ㅣ 인터넷신문등록번호 : 서울 아00058 ㅣ 등록일자 2005.09.13 ㅣ 발행.편집인 : 최영범 청소년보호책임자 : 이상국 아시아경제호남 ㅣ 주소 : 광주광역시 북구 첨단연신로108길 51-10, 1층 ㅣ 인터넷신문등록번호 : 광주 아-00194 ㅣ 등록일 : 2015. 02. 02 ㅣ 발행인 : 이상민, 편집인 : 박호재 아시아경제의 모든 콘텐츠(기사)는 저작권법의 보호를 받는 바, 무단전재, 복사, 배포 등을 금합니다. [콘텐츠 문의] Copyright ⓒ 아시아경제 All rights reserved. 패밀리사이트 스포츠투데이 포토아카이브 아시아경제TV 팍스넷 티브이데일리 리더스경제신문 퍼스트클럽
connexion Français English Español Português Deutsch العربية EN Seoul (AFP) - 02/03/2017 - 02:13 N. Korea nuclear attack would trigger 'overwhelming' response: Mattis Washington (AFP) - 02/03/2017 - 00:36 White House says new Israeli settlements 'may not be helpful' Washington (AFP) - 02/03/2017 - 00:22 US Vice President to visit Brussels, Munich: White House United Nations (United States) (AFP) - 02/02/2017 - 23:17 No lifting of Russia sanctions as long as Crimea annexed: US San Francisco (AFP) - 02/02/2017 - 22:53 Snapchat parent Snap to raise up to $3 bn in IPO Search form Search The News The Agency AFP management AFP in dates AFP in numbers AFP in the world AFP in pictures AFP Charter Awards Press releases and newsletter Subsidiaries Annual report Medialab Products Products and services Partners AFP News BUY OUR PRINTS You are here Home News Advertisers eye winning Super Bowl strategy 3 Feb 2017 Getty/AFP / Tim Warner The Super Bowl is expected to draw more than 110 million US viewers, and a 30-second advertising spot on the Fox network will cost an estimated $5 million There's the new "Wonder Woman" actress in action and a sexed-up Mr. Clean. And some political messages too -- but only if you pay close attention. Sunday's Super Bowl is not just the biggest US sporting event, it's also the most important event of the year for advertisers. For some, the clash of top marketers overshadows the premier American football game. The Super Bowl is expected to draw more than 110 million US viewers, and a 30-second spot on the Fox network will cost an estimated $5 million. This offers both challenges and risks for brands, according to Tim Calkins, professor at Northwestern University's Kellogg School of Management, who leads a Super Bowl ad review with his students. Calkins said the event -- a matchup in Houston between the New England Patriots and Atlanta Falcons -- draws in many people who are not football fans, giving the ads greater prominence. "A lot of people aren't interested in the game, and many of them focus on the ads more than the game itself," he said. "This is a rare opportunity to reach a huge amount of the US population at one time. There's nothing anywhere that comes close to this for marketers." Brands are pulling out all the stops to stand out. Hyundai, the South Korean automaker, hired film director Peter Berg, known for "Patriots Day" and "Deepwater Horizon," to create a 90-second "documentary" filmed and produced entirely during the game. "We wanted to push the creativity and storytelling even further," said Hyundai marketing chief Dean Evans. Another "live" ad will be created for Snickers with actor Adam Driver, which will follow a 36-hour livestream by the Mars brand on its own site and on Facebook. - An immigrant's tale - Some advertisers also appear to be making an end run around the ban on overtly political ads. One of them is Budweiser, whose ad tells a 60-second story about its founder, Adolphus Busch, and his journey as a German immigrant -- a theme set to make waves as debate rages over US immigration policy. "This commercial shows the start of Budweiser's journey, and while it is set in the 1800s, it's a story we believe will resonate with today's entrepreneurial generation -- those who continue strive for their dreams," said Ricardo Marques, vice president of the Anheuser-Busch beer brand. The brewer "told us they wanted to celebrate those who embody the American spirit,” said Mike Byrne of the agency Anomaly, which created the ad called "Born the Hard Way." Ads seen as too political or provocative can be rejected, and home improvement retailer 84 Lumber was forced to revise its original concept, which had depicted a border wall. The ad, which aims to recruit new employees, originally included a wall blocking people looking for work -- an image deemed too sensitive in light of President Donald Trump's plan for a wall on the border with Mexico. Audi's "Daughter" ad also offers political overtones with a story of a girl competing in a cart race and a message of equal pay for women. - Mr. Clean gets dirty - At the provocative end of the ad spectrum, Procter & Gamble turns Mr. Clean into a household sex symbol in the spot dubbed "Cleaner of Your Dreams." "Mr. Clean is showing off his strong and sexy side, and hopefully even inspiring men across America to pick up a mop and bucket themselves," said P&G vice president Martin Hettich. "Wonder Woman" actress Gal Gadot joins her "Furious 7" partner Jason Stratham in an action-packed spot for website builder Wix.com created by French director Louis Leterrier, known for his "Transporter" and "Incredible Hulk" films. Some memorable spots from previous Super Bowls include Apple's dystopian 1984 Ridley Scott ad launching the Macintosh, a 2011 ad celebrating Chrysler's return from bankruptcy and Budweiser's 2014 "puppy love" commercial showing a Clydesdale horse befriended by the canine. Some ads have done more harm than good: a notorious 2015 Nationwide Insurance ad featuring a young child who explains how he will miss out on life's experiences because he is dead missed its target by a long shot. This year, newcomers such as Australian winemaker Yellow Tail (helped by a kangaroo) will join well-known brands such as Intel, TurboTax and Avocados from Mexico and several automakers and consumer brands. Larry Chiagouris, a professor of marketing at Pace University, said the Super Bowl offers a unique opportunity to promote or reposition a brand. He noted brand boosts from Super Bowl ads such as E-Trade, which launched its talking baby ad in 2008, and web hosting firm Go Daddy, with its scantily clad woman testifying before Congress. "The key has always been to have something that is not expected, not typical of the category," Chiagouris said. The ads are worth it, "if you put the creative effort into it," he said. "If it's not creative, if it's been seen before, it's a waste of money." 3 Feb 2017 Previous Back to summary Next Newsletter AFP Subscribe to our newsletter AFP's worldwide network The global network of Agence France Presse covers 150 countries Find out more Find out more Contact us If you have news to share or a question, comment or suggestion, contact us via... MAIL Facebook Twitter Subsidiaries AFP Gmbh Sport Informations Dienst AFP-Services   About AFP AFP is a global news agency delivering fast, in-depth coverage of the events shaping our world from wars and conflicts to politics, sports, entertainment and the latest breakthroughs in health, science and technology. Useful links Site Map Contact us Terms of use Our Blog Correspondent Partners Business Wire News Press close
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Reckitt Benckiser’s CEO Pins His Future on a $16.7 Billion Baby Food Deal by Matthew Boyle @bizboyle More stories by Matthew Boyle February 3, 2017, 1:00 AM EST Mead Johnson deal could lift shadow hanging over CEO Kapoor Purchase would ‘set Reckitt Benckiser on a new path:’ analyst Rakesh Kapoor. Photographer: Simon Dawson/Bloomberg Last year was tough for Rakesh Kapoor. The chief executive officer of Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc grappled with slowing revenue growth, boycotts stemming from toxic disinfectants in South Korea, and shareholder ire over his $33.6 million pay package. Just a month into 2017, Kapoor is seeking to put all that behind him with a surprise $16.7 billion overture to buy baby-food maker Mead Johnson Nutrition Co. The purchase would give the maker of Lysol cleaners, Nurofen painkillers and French’s mustard a strong position in a fast-growing new category, and earn it a place alongside consumer-product giants such as Unilever, Nestle, Danone and Procter & Gamble Co.  Perhaps equally important for Kapoor, a deal -- the company’s biggest-ever -- would finally pull the 58-year-old native of India out from the shadow of Bart Becht, his predecessor, who presided over a sixfold increase in market value during his 12 years at the British company. “There has always been the feeling that he was just following on and improving the work of his predecessors,” said Sanford Bernstein analyst Andrew Wood, noting that the day RB announced Kapoor would replace Becht, its shares dropped 7.5 percent. “Today’s deal is clearly his, and would set Reckitt Benckiser on a new path.” For more on the proposed terms of the Mead deal, please see here To reach that path, Kapoor will have to fend off any rival suitors that might emerge and finalize the purchase, which is in advanced negotiations. Kapoor must also convince investors that it makes sense to add baby food to a sprawling portfolio of household products that already ranges from hot sauce to condoms. The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up While Kapoor has been on the hunt for deals, and speculation has been rife for years that Mead Johnson would be bought, Reckitt Benckiser was an unlikely suitor as infant formula was far from its core business of over-the-counter health-care remedies. But Kapoor has a track record of aggressively entering new arenas, outbidding Bayer AG to buy vitamin and supplement maker Schiff Nutrition for $1.4 billion in 2012. Adding Mead Johnson’s $3.7 billion in revenue, half of which comes from Asia, could accelerate RB’s sales growth, which has slowed due to deflation in Europe and weakness in Russia and Brazil. The baby-food market will expand by 6 percent or more over the next five years, data tracker Euromonitor predicts, more than double the pace of the broader packaged-food sector. A purchase would also help offset last year’s missteps. Sales in South Korea plummeted after the deaths of more than 100 people were linked to toxic humidifier sanitizers RB once sold, forcing Kapoor to make a public apology and set aside 300 million pounds ($376 million) to compensate victims. In December, an Australian court fined the company for making misleading claims about its Nurofen painkillers, which it markets for specific types of pain.  Nearly a quarter of shareholders rejected the company’s pay policy at last year’s annual meeting, and Chairman Adrian Bellamy has recently met with investors to allay concerns over the lapses. Reckitt Benckiser owners reacted favorably to the Mead news, but the company’s stock still trails the U.K.’s benchmark index for the past 12 months. One way to get shareholders off his back would be to seal the deal for Mead Johnson and expand the business, as he’s done with brands like Nurofen and Durex, whose growth rates have doubled on Kapoor’s watch. “If the deal creates value for the shareholders, all past mishaps will be erased,” said Christopher Bovis, a professor at Britain’s Hull University Business School. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Twitter Bursts Throw Decades-Old Alliances Into Chaos Who Will Pay for San Francisco's Tilting, Sinking Millennium Tower? America’s Top Prosecutor Defied Trump and Got Fired. Now She Gets Paid Trump Slams ‘Dumb Deal’ With Ally Australia After Testy Call Nordstrom Says It’s Cutting Ivanka Trump Brand Due to Poor Sales Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
검색 Politics Social Affairs Foreign Affairs Defense North Korea Sharing Science Diplomatic Circuit Education Environment Economy Finance Industry Technology Automode Management Culture Travel Fashion Food & Beverage Books People Expat Living Design Health Film Television Music Arts Hallyu Soccer Baseball Golf More Sports World News World Business Asia News Network Editorial Viewpoints Voice Special probe team fails to search Blue House over scandal The Korea Herald > Business > Industry Korea launches probe on P&G diapers for toxic chemicals   Published : 2017-02-03 14:49 Updated : 2017-02-03 14:49 The South Korean government on Friday began a safety probe on diapers from Proctor & Gamble after allegations arose that they contain toxic chemicals. The Korean Agency for Technology and Standards is taking action on rising fears at home after French media reported that the diapers had dioxin, an insecticide substance. (Yonhap) "We will investigate if there are actually toxic chemicals, and if so, how dangerous they are," an agency official said.  The agency will randomly take samples of the products being sold in the market, officials said. Experts note that there are no formal guidelines on dioxin detection. "As for the level of danger for dioxin, there are rules only on emissions," the official said. "There has to be negotiations on detection." (Yonhap) 영어뉴스를 통한 ListeningㆍReading 실력 향상 단기 학습 프로그램 [NEST] 1. Special probe team fails to ... 2. Russia warns of ‘action’ i... 3. Korea’s current account sur... 4. Anti-trust body, financial r... 5. SK E&C inks $3.2b power plan... 6. Allies agree to deploy THAAD... 7. Service to society, service... 8. Posco appoints new COO to le... 9. Lee Jong-suk holds successfu... 10. Veteran singer Lee Hyori gea... 1. Mattis vows to deploy THAAD ... 2. S. Korea court to declare Ha... 3. Mattis vows to respond overw... 4. Daughters jumping into busi... 5. Russia likely to mull action... 6. 'Political fatigue' drove B... 7. Special investigators ready ... 8. No bounds 9. Hwang, An rise as race dynam... 10. Former N. Korean smuggler di... THE HERALD BUSINESS THE KOREA HERALD THE JUNIOR HERALD THE HERALD BUSINESS(USA) HERALD EDU HERALD ARCADEMY SEOUL/BUSAN/MOKPO/GEOJE ENGLISH VILLAGES DIGITAL HERALD HERALD ARTDAY HERALD ECOCHEM Herald Corporation | 주소: Huam-ro 4-gil 10, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, Korea | 제호: The Korea Herald | Online newspaper registration number: Seoul 아03711 Date of registration: 2015.04.28 | Publisher. Editor: Lee Young-man | Juvenile Protection Manager: Shin Chang Hoon | Tel : 02)727-0114
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 33° Air Quality: PSI 49-55 We set you thinking Friday 3 February 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World Xiao Jianhua’s preference for female bodyguards highlights growing trend among Chinese tycoons 1486113707 Business Sibanye may raise up to $1.3 billion in equity for Stillwater deal 1486110617 World Philippine leader scraps communist truce, tells troops 'be ready to fight' 1486110685 World U.S. warns North Korea of 'overwhelming' response if nuclear arms used 1486111028 Business Snap shoots for the sky, promises little in $3 billion IPO pitch 1486090664 Business Uber CEO quits Trump's business advisory group 1486088555 World Russia says Ukraine violating Geneva convention, shelling civilians 1486110444 World Britain says Russia is trying to undermine West by 'weaponizing misinformation' 1486109090 World Australian leader faces long-term risk after 'Donald Thump' call on refugees 1486108748 Business Battered Toshiba seeks exit from UK, India in nuclear retreat: sources 1486110367 Business Oil edges up on threat of U.S. issuing new Iran sanctions 1486108962 World China says resolutely opposes deployment of THAAD in South Korea 1486107223 World Pence to attend Munich Security Conference, organizers say 1486107146 World Pirates, cyclones and mud: Bangladesh's island solution to Rohingya crisis 1486107456 Business Ford upbeat on local sales despite safety recall in South Africa 1486108364 World Trump's Indonesia business partner says can help with U.S. ties 'if needed' 1486103262 World Trump pick for China ambassador sees 'win-win' boost to trade ties 1486097096 Sports Singapore women qualify for world floorball championships 1486108607 World Iranian refugee who sought asylum in Fiji deported back to PNG 1486105597 World Turkey to meet Syrian opposition, rebel groups in Ankara on Friday: sources 1486105536 Lifestyle Popstar chef Davide Oldani opens FOO’D in Singapore 1486106512 World Radiation level in Fukushima plant at record high 1486105260 World South Korea's presidential Blue House blocks search amid graft probe 1486104855 World White House says Israeli settlement building may not help peace 1486104754 Business GE, Boeing, Oracle form coalition to support Republican border tax 1486082229 World Malaysia to document stateless Chinese in Sarawak with aim to grant citizenship 1486105002 World Too soon to tell how U.S. statement will affect settlements: Israeli official 1486101536 World South Korea prosecutor may ask acting president to allow Blue House search 1486102560 Business U.S. job growth seen accelerating in January, wages strong 1486101909 Business U.S. reversal on transparency could sting Canadian, European oil companies 1486102389 World U.S. to issue new Iran sanctions, opening shot in get-tough strategy: sources 1486085476 World Tense call between Trump and Australian leader strains longtime ties 1486085160 China&India Chinese Lunar New Year greeting by Donald Trump’s granddaughter sparks huge media interest 1486099380 World Exclusive: U.S. officials postpone interviews with asylum seekers held in Australian camps 1486100688 World Philippine miners say closures to hit 1.2 million people, vow to fight back 1486100973 World Australia's Tigerair abruptly quits Bali flights after Indonesia ruling 1486100764 World Life at Brazilian prison where ‘the state has lost control’ 1486100460 World North Korean defector sees 'crack in elite' in report of minister's dismissal 1486100150 Business Asian stocks tumble most in two weeks after China tightens policy 1486099894 Entertainment Musicians Guild hopes new conference will 'connect diverse community' 1486097580 World Inner strength, not ‘anti-hysteria kit’, is antidote to evil spirits, Malaysian faith healer says 1486087320 China&India Why is Donald Trump giving Chinese leader Xi Jinping the apparent cold shoulder? 1486096260 World N Korea spy head dismissed: S Korea 1486096500 Business Lockheed says didn't seek help from Trump's ex-campaign manager 1486095513 World Their new life in US was ready — then Trump signed his decree 1486095404 World Melania Trump, America’s low-profile first lady 1486095106 Business Missing China tycoon's company says 'operating as normal', shares slump 1486094247 World Trump hit with US$6m fine in golf club lawsuit 1486094515 World Tillerson, on first day, addresses dissent and calls Mexico, Canada 1486094509 World The long, arduous trek to find the American Dream 1486094201 China Skin-care ad tackles ‘leftover woman’ taboo in China A screenshot from SK-II's advertisement touching the topic of "leftover women" - unmarried women over the age of 25. P&G’s facial cream campaign targets single women past their mid-20s mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 10:15 AM, February 3, 2017 Updated: 10:30 AM, February 3, 2017 BEIJING — In the four-minute advertorial, a young Chinese woman, her long hair pulled into a ponytail, weeps as her parents discuss her single status. “She’s just average-looking, not too pretty,” her mother says. “That’s why she’s a leftover.” In China the phrase sheng nu, or “leftover woman”, is a derogatory term referring to those in their late 20s who are unmarried. A Procter & Gamble marketing campaign aims to remove this stigma while promoting products such as its US$179 (S$253) Facial Treatment Essence and US$225 (S$318) GenOptics drops for age spots, both included in its pricey SK-II skin-care line. The campaign features women who’ve chosen to pursue their dreams instead of being pressured into marrying for the sake of it. It’s helped increase sales of SK-II in China more than 50 per cent over the past nine months, says Mr Markus Strobel, global president of SK-II. “This campaign has put us on the map in China and generated extremely positive sentiment among consumers and retailers,” he says. “It’s helping us win with young professional and executive women.” For P&G, which has said it underestimated the Chinese appetite for premium products, expensive ones such as SK-II goods, teeth-whitening kits, and ProGlide Flexball razors now make up half the company’s lineup around the world. The campaign has helped SK-II expand globally, too. The centrepiece of the campaign is the sheng nu video, which has been watched 46 million times on YouTube and elsewhere. In it, the weepy young daughter and other women talk about the pressures they face to wed. The women and their parents are shown visiting a so-called marriage market in an urban park where parents post ads seeking mates for their children—then the women show their parents their own ads, stating their desire to remain single until they find a spouse they love. Swedish ad agency Forsman & Bodenfors produced the video as part of P&G’s “Change Destiny” SK-II campaign, started almost three years ago. It encourages women to overcome barriers and work and live as they want. There’s unease in China around some women’s desire to marry later, says Ms Jennifer Gilhool, a former Ford executive there who leads the US-based Gender Economics Lab, a management consulting firm. Those who wait often struggle in a society that still supports traditional roles. Chinese parents, many of whom have only one child, expect daughters (and sons) to marry and provide a grandchild. The government is also promoting early marriage to deal with the ageing population and low birthrate. Young men, who outnumber women, are anxious to find suitable matches as early as possible. Ms Gilhool is no fan of P&G’s campaign, saying it emphasises women’s appearance and not their accomplishments. “I think the impact of the ad isn’t aligned with the intention,” she says. P&G spokesman Damon Jones says the campaign “celebrates women who are independent and creating their own definition of happiness, regardless of societal expectations”. Chinese women who want to delay marriage or stay single say it will take more than an ad to alter prejudices. “The commercial just spells out the problems we have. It doesn’t really give a solution,” says Ms Tong Lei, a 36-year-old executive who works in the tourism industry in Shanghai. She’s seen the video but hasn’t used SK-II products. “My parents can understand that society has changed,” she says, “but their values, in terms of prizing marriage, won’t change.” She says her relationship with her parents improved only after she moved from their home into her own apartment two years ago, an option not economically possible for many single women. “This mindset of looking down on single women will only change when my generation becomes parents,” she says. Ms Jessica Sui, 29, a native of Shenzhen who works for an airline-services firm in Shanghai, says she didn’t realise when she first watched the SK-II video that it was done by the skin-care company—the brand’s logo doesn’t appear until the end. She wants to show it to her parents. “I hope it will make them feel better,” Ms Sui says. “The marriage problem bothers them more than it bothers me.” Her brother agreed to an arranged marriage, but she refused. “Parents think marriage is bliss,” she says, “but people my age don’t think so.” BLOOMBERG mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players With new hybrid, Nissan offers cheaper route to electric cars White House says executive order does not apply to independent regulators Wells Fargo asset-based lending head resigns Weak exports curb U.S. fourth-quarter economic growth Waymo's self-driving cars improve performance in California tests Warren Buffett: I bought $12 billion of stock after Trump won Wall Street stalls as market, Trump priorities diverge Wall Street slips after soft GDP data, earnings Wall Street falls the most this year as Trump honeymoon sours Wall Street ends flat after 2-day run; Dow stays above 20,000 Inside Today World U.S. warns North Korea of 'overwhelming' response if nuclear arms used Philippine leader scraps communist truce, tells troops 'be ready to fight' Russia says Ukraine violating Geneva convention, shelling civilians Battered Toshiba seeks exit from UK, India in nuclear retreat: sources Britain says Russia is trying to undermine West by 'weaponizing misinformation' Business Sibanye may raise up to $1.3 billion in equity for Stillwater deal Battered Toshiba seeks exit from UK, India in nuclear retreat: sources Oil edges up on threat of U.S. issuing new Iran sanctions Ford upbeat on local sales despite safety recall in South Africa Trump's Indonesia business partner says can help with U.S. ties 'if needed' Sports Singapore women qualify for world floorball championships Softball association pays tribute to late softball coach Josephine Lim Gun clubs told to get rid of 70 weapons for security reasons Tay makes U-turn, rejoins S'pore Table Tennis Association Former Chelsea star Lampard retires at 38 Entertainment Musicians Guild hopes new conference will 'connect diverse community' Schwarzenegger to Trump: ‘Why don’t we switch jobs?’ Get up close to Chingay floats in Chinatown British singer Vera Lynn to release new album at 100 Gilles Peterson, Esperanza Spalding join Sing Jazz line-up About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Home Industry Baba Ramdev’s Patanjali Ayurved’s news channel ads strategy turns newsmaker Baba Ramdev’s Patanjali Ayurved’s news channel ads strategy turns newsmaker Patanjali Ayurved has disrupted the FMCG space with herbal products positioned at attractive points. By: Meghna Sharma | Mumbai | Updated: February 3, 2017 1:15 PM To compete in categories that depend highly on repeat value, Patanjali needs to expand its advertising spend and portfolio to reach out to genres which garner more eyeballs. (PTI) Patanjali Ayurved has disrupted the FMCG space with herbal products positioned at attractive points. After growing its sales at a scorching 80% compounded between 2012 and 2016, the company is hoping to clock revenues of Rs 10,000 crore in FY17 and between R20,000 crore and R25,000 crore in FY18. Even as it plans a tripling of its retail presence to 3 million by March next year, the firm is strengthening its distribution network to be able to reach out to traders. To do this, Patanjali’s advertising strategy is such that it targets traders rather than only consumers. The company is among the top advertisers in the country and sponsors the Pro Wrestling League. Of the total 1.14 lakh insertions last year, 84% were on news channels and nearly 99% on Hindi news channels. That’s one way of reining in costs since this genre is cheaper than GECs (general entertainment channels) but it also means missing out on a core audience. The rest of the FMCG pack relies on entertainment channels to sell their products because news channels have a relatively small share of the viewership pie — English news at 0.03%, Hindi news at 3% and regional news at 3.5%, as per KPMG-FICCI. Nevertheless, with an estimated advertising budget of R300-350 crore, smaller than those of an HUL or a P&G, the company is heavily dependent on its distribution network which comprises a chain of 80 super stockists and 2,000-3,000 distributors. The company also has 1,200 Chikitsalayas and 7,000 Arogya and Swadeshi Kendras, which it plans to double in FY17. In an interview to Edelweiss, Baba Ramdev said the company is offering separate distributorships for food and cosmetics instead of the earlier system where one distributor managed both. Distributors are also being appointed at the district, tehsil, and mandi levels. As of now products are sold at 5,000 retail outlets. Maxus India managing partner Anand Chakravarthy says distribution is the backbone for FMCG and through news channels, Patanjali is reaching out to small traders. “It is showcasing how salient the brand is, persuading these traders to stock up its products, rather than opening their own stores at every nook and corner,” he says. The move to largely advertise on news channels may not be a good one as India still continues to be mostly a single-TV household, with males watching more news channels than women, who are the decision makers. However, it is a perfect way to boost confidence among traders at a relatively low cost. You may also like to watch: Dinesh Rathore, COO, Madison Media Omega, says the strategy is well though out and should benefit Patanjali in the long run. “Patanjali isn’t just talking to the urban population but rural, too. There, the shopping pattern is different so talking to a male consumer isn’t a bad idea,” he said. And though the media fraternity applauds the strategy, it is apprehensive about the future. To compete in categories that depend highly on repeat value, Patanjali needs to expand its advertising spend and portfolio to reach out to genres which garner more eyeballs. So far, it has depended on word-of-mouth and associations with the Future Group and online stores like Big Basket. Please Wait while comments are loading... Budget 2017 Budget 2017: How demonetisation and GST can benefit customers in the coming financial year Budget 2017 positive, expect Modi government to achieve fiscal targets: Moody's Individuals earning upto Rs 3 lakhs will now pay zero tax. Here's How Budget 2017: What Modi government does not understand about job creation Union Budget 2017: Capping of tax breaks on rented homes to discourage speculative activity, hit premium home sales Trending Now This has deeply affected me: Priyanka Chopra on US President Donald Trump immigration ban Happy birthday, Simbu. Check out the Twitter frenzy for the star's 34th birthday Punjab Elections 2017: AAP had unwittingly given a platform to radicals, says KPS Gill South Korea's Samsung mulls building US appliance factory Viral video: When Uttarakhand CM Harish Rawat as 'Bahubali' left PM Narendra Modi, Amit Shah 'awed' Government plans strategic sale of 3 PSUs, merger of 4 Honda raises full-year profit outlook on lower costs, weaker yen Uttarakhand polls: Satpal Maharaj says he lost out as Congress saw him as Hindu face Dwarf planet Ceres may have vanishing ice volcanoes Watch! Woman publically thrashed by village 'Sarpanch' in Andhra Pradesh What happened to Naga peace accord, CPIM's Sitaram Yechury asks PM Narendra Modi  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Budget 2017 News जयति घोष का आकलन: नरेंद्र मोदी सरकार ने अपने ही फैसलों से इस बजट को बना ल‍िया है सबसे मुश्‍क‍िल आर्थिक समीक्षा में भूमि, रीयल एस्टेट को जीएसटी के दायरे में लाने पर जोर बजट 2017: जानिए क्या होता है आर्थिक सर्वेक्षण और क्यों इसे पेश करना है जरूरी... बजट 2017: इन बातों का ध्‍यान रख कम टैक्‍स से पब्लिक को खुश कर अरुण जेटली जुटा सकते हैं पैसा Assembly Elections 2017 News चुनावी सीजन में नेता-वोटर के रिश्ते पर आमिर खान का ये वीडियो हो रहा है वायरल पंजाब में मतदाताओं को ललचाने के लिए रम, व्हिस्‍की कूपन बांट रहे राजनीतिक दल प्रशांत भूषण ने शेयर की AAP सांसद भगवंत मान की 'टल्ली' होने वाली फोटो, शराब पीकर जनसभा में पहुंचने का लगाया आरोप Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Union Budget 2017 Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe A Skin-Care Ad Tackles Social Taboos in China P&G’s facial cream campaign targets single women past their mid-20s. by Carol Hymowitz More stories by Carol Hymowitz and Lauren Coleman-Lochner @LaurenLochner More stories by Lauren Coleman-Lochner February 2, 2017, 6:00 PM EST From Subscribe Reprints Photograpehr:Craig Barritt/Getty Images In the four-minute advertorial, a young Chinese woman, her long hair pulled into a ponytail, weeps as her parents discuss her single status. “She’s just average-looking, not too pretty,” her mother says. “That’s why she’s a leftover.” In China the phrase sheng nu, or “leftover woman,” is a derogatory term referring to those in their late 20s who are unmarried. A Procter & Gamble marketing campaign aims to remove this stigma while promoting products such as its $179 Facial Treatment Essence and $225 GenOptics drops for age spots, both included in its pricey SK-II skin-care line. The campaign features women who’ve chosen to pursue their dreams instead of being pressured into marrying for the sake of it. It’s helped increase sales of SK-II in China more than 50 percent over the past nine months, says Markus Strobel, global president of SK-II. “This campaign has put us on the map in China and generated extremely positive sentiment among consumers and retailers,” he says. “It’s helping us win with young professional and executive women.” For P&G, which has said it underestimated the Chinese appetite for premium products, expensive ones such as SK-II goods, teeth-whitening kits, and ProGlide Flexball razors now make up half the company’s lineup around the world. The campaign has helped SK-II expand globally, too. The centerpiece of the campaign is the sheng nu video, which has been watched 46 million times on YouTube and elsewhere. In it, the weepy young daughter and other women talk about the pressures they face to wed. The women and their parents are shown visiting a so-called marriage market in an urban park where parents post ads seeking mates for their children—then the women show their parents their own ads, stating their desire to remain single until they find a spouse they love. Swedish ad agency Forsman & Bodenfors produced the video as part of P&G’s “Change Destiny” SK-II campaign, started almost three years ago. It encourages women to overcome barriers and work and live as they want. “My parents can understand that society has changed, but their values, in terms of prizing marriage, won’t change. This … looking down on single women will only change when my generation becomes parents” There’s unease in China around some women’s desire to marry later, says Jennifer Gilhool, a former Ford executive there who leads the U.S.-based Gender Economics Lab, a management consulting firm. Those who wait often struggle in a society that still supports traditional roles. Chinese parents, many of whom have only one child, expect daughters (and sons) to marry and provide a grandchild. The government is also promoting early marriage to deal with the aging population and low birthrate. Young men, who outnumber women, are anxious to find suitable matches as early as possible. Gilhool is no fan of P&G’s campaign, saying it emphasizes women’s appearance and not their accomplishments. “I think the impact of the ad isn’t aligned with the intention,” she says. P&G spokesman Damon Jones says the campaign “celebrates women who are independent and creating their own definition of happiness, regardless of societal expectations.” Chinese women who want to delay marriage or stay single say it will take more than an ad to alter prejudices. “The commercial just spells out the problems we have. It doesn’t really give a solution,” says Tong Lei, a 36-year-old executive who works in the tourism industry in Shanghai. She’s seen the video but hasn’t used SK-II products. “My parents can understand that society has changed,” she says, “but their values, in terms of prizing marriage, won’t change.” She says her relationship with her parents improved only after she moved from their home into her own apartment two years ago, an option not economically possible for many single women. “This mindset of looking down on single women will only change when my generation becomes parents,” she says. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up Jessica Sui, 29, a native of Shenzhen who works for an airline-services firm in Shanghai, says she didn’t realize when she first watched the SK-II video that it was done by the skin-care company—the brand’s logo doesn’t appear until the end. She wants to show it to her parents. “I hope it will make them feel better,” Sui says. “The marriage problem bothers them more than it bothers me.” Her brother agreed to an arranged marriage, but she refused. “Parents think marriage is bliss,” she says, “but people my age don’t think so.” —With Rachel Chang The bottom line: A marketing campaign in China for SK-II products has boosted sales growth more than 50 percent over the past nine months. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Twitter Bursts Throw Decades-Old Alliances Into Chaos Who Will Pay for San Francisco's Tilting, Sinking Millennium Tower? America’s Top Prosecutor Defied Trump and Got Fired. Now She Gets Paid Trump Slams ‘Dumb Deal’ With Ally Australia After Testy Call Nordstrom Says It’s Cutting Ivanka Trump Brand Due to Poor Sales Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Share 10 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-02-02 WWE News: Watch XFL ’30 For 30’ ESPN Special Stream Online, ‘This Was The XFL’ Entertainment 2017-02-02 BTS New Concept Photos Unveiled, Teaser Videos For New Album To Release Soon? Entertainment 2017-02-02 ‘Winds Of Winter’ Release Date Rumor: Book Might Come Out This Year After All Entertainment 2017-02-02 Kate Moss, 43, Gets Naked For W Magazine ‘Powerful Women’ Issue News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-02-03 GOP-Controlled House Overturns Obama’s Gun Rule Preventing Sales To Mentally Ill News 2017-02-03 Vacheron Constantin And Piaget Get New CEOs News 2017-02-02 Yemen Raid: What We Know About Trump’s First Major Military Operation News 2017-02-02 Trump Club Loses Suit: National Golf Club Jupiter Must Pay Former Members Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-02-03 WWE Planning Huge Feud For Brock Lesnar And Roman Reigns After ‘Wrestlemania 33’ Basketball 2017-02-03 Chicago Bulls Trade Rumors: Jahlil Okafor Offer Made To Philadelphia 76ers Wrestling 2017-02-03 WWE News: Goldberg To Win WWE Universal Title And Defend It At ‘WrestleMania 33’ Wrestling 2017-02-02 WWE News: ‘Wrestle Kingdom 11’ Match To Air On Cable Television Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-02-02 Gwyneth Paltrow’s Goop Hits And Misses: Slammed By OB/GYN For Peddling Jade Egg Lifestyle, News 2017-01-28 Guy Fieri Helps Re-Open Planet Hollywood Restaurant At Disney Springs In Orlando [Videos] Lifestyle 2017-01-22 The Obamas’ New Digs: Check Out The Former First Family’s Possible Picks Lifestyle 2017-01-17 Donald Trump’s Childhood Home Auction Buzz: Will Trump Bid On His Old House? Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-02-02 Sahana Khatun, 10, Becomes First Girl To Be Treated For ‘Tree Man’ Syndrome Health 2017-01-29 How PTSD Differs From Other Anxiety Disorders Health 2017-01-28 Rare Amnesia Cases In Massachusetts Likely Linked To Opioid Abuse Health 2017-01-28 Safe Injection Sites: Seattle Opening Facilities Where Drug Addicts Can Use Illegal Drugs Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-02-02 ‘Marvel Heroes’ Adds Beast Hero, Jubilee Team-Up In Latest Update Science 2017-02-02 Nuclear Fusion Energy News: Infinite Power By 2030 With Nuclear Fusion Reactor? Gaming 2017-02-01 Nintendo Reveals Switch Online Price, Possibility Of VR Support Gaming 2017-02-01 Nintendo NES Classic Edition Stocks And Availability To Increase Soon? BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-02-02 Kiersten Miles: Nanny Donates Part Of Her Liver To Save Toddler’s Life BuzzWorthy 2017-02-02 Gang Member Slaps Dead Rival In The Face As He Lays In Casket At Funeral [Video] BuzzWorthy 2017-02-02 Texas Family Finds Rattlesnake In Toilet, 23 Other Snakes Hiding In Home BuzzWorthy 2017-02-01 Trump’s Long And Real Hair Secret? Propecia Hair-Growth Drug, Says His Doctor SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Trump, Pharma Talk Conflicts Of Interest: Invested In Celgene, Merck, Johnson And Johnson News Analysis 10 0 0 January 31, 2017 Trump, Pharma Talk Conflicts Of Interest: Invested In Celgene, Merck, Johnson And Johnson Maryam Louise While constitutionally questionable executive orders are flying out of the White House via Trump, pharma is rejoicing after their meeting on January 31 because Trump has reversed some of his ideas about how his administration will be dealing with them. At one time, Senator Bernie Sanders agreed with Trump on some of his ideas to renegotiate pricing deals with pharmaceutical companies, according to a January 13 report from CNBC. Mainly, Sanders sided with Trump because Trump stated pharma companies were “getting away with murder” by overcharging the U.S. government for medications and other supplies, according to a January 11 report from Reuters. However, Bernie Sanders likely would not agree with Donald Trump’s new plans proposed on January 31, and Trump’s change of heart toward the pharma industry could be due to his conflicts of interest — more of which might be hidden in his still-unreleased tax returns. For now, what the public does know is that Trump met on January 31 with top pharma executives that own companies Trump has invested in the recent past. For example, in November of 2016, Forbes alleged Trump owns stock in pharma companies such as “Pfizer, Merck, Celgene and GlaxoSmithKline… Procter and Gamble, and Johnson and Johnson.” Business Insider gave a complete list of Trump’s investments as of July 2015, and there were other players in the pharmaceutical industry companies mentioned such as Gilead Sciences and McKesson (an information technology and pharmaceutical distribution services company). Adding to the idea that Trump may have conflicts of interest, among the pharma attendants at Trump’s meeting on January 31, according to Reuters, were top executives at Merck, Johnson and Johnson, Celgene, Eli Lilly, Amgen, and “Switzerland’s Novartis AG as well as the head of the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America lobbying group (PhRMA).” Trump promised to be tough on big pharma and was not which might be an indication of a conflict of interest. [Image by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images] Business Insider gave a rundown of events, and also noted that after a hard month, pharma stocks were going up after the Trump PhRMA meeting on January 31. On December 7, 2016, Bloomberg quoted a representative of PhRMA claiming that she looks forward to a president that will give the pharmaceutical industry the power to “self-regulate on pricing” — and it appears she got her wish. Unlike some of the ideals that Bernie Sanders might agree with about the changes needed to the pharmaceutical industry, Donald Trump’s new plan is different than his old one, as told by VOX. For example, around March of 2016, Donald Trump adopted a “longstanding Democratic pledge to let Medicare negotiate bulk discounts in the price it pays for prescription drugs.” Despite this, Vox argues that on January 31, Trump reversed ideas about negotiating bulk discounts on drugs, and instead called his old ideas a version of “price fixing” that would inhibit small businesses in the pharmaceutical industry. In other words, instead of pressuring pharma to lower prices, Trump is going to give them more money by getting rid of regulations and lowering their taxes instead. A reason that there could be a “new plan” by Trump and pharma executives that favors PhRMA – and not the American people – is because Donald Trump has owned stocks in their companies in the recent past. Protesters could add Trump’s red flag of siding with Big Pharma as another excuse to denounce the president. [Image by Win McNamee/Getty Images] In fact, many of these companies are part of Trump’s stock investments, and Fortune listed pharmaceutical companies such as Celgene, Gilead Sciences, Johnson and Johnson, and McKesson in his top 14. Although Trump owned these stocks, he claims he has signed them over to his family in a “blind trust” that the Atlantic disputes is not truly “blind.” Instead, there are many opinions that Trump has and will continue to have issues with conflicts of interest regarding various industries despite denouncing that he will have conflicts of interest. Adding to the inability of the public to see through any lies that Donald Trump might put out that pertain to conflicts of interest he does not want the public to connect, Donald Trump has not officially turned in his tax returns from years past. Although it is required that a new president offers up their tax returns for scrutiny, and not doing it makes it difficult for the press to ascertain if there may be more conflicts of interest hidden behind his alleged “IRS audit” — the taxes are still not turned in even as President Trump makes executive orders. Furthermore, on January 22, Counselor Kellyanne Conway announced on behalf of President Trump that he “will not be releasing his tax returns,” according to CNN, and she also stated the following. “Our position from the campaign has not changed. [Trump] is under audit and has been advised by accountants and lawyers not to release [his tax returns].” In addition to conflicts of interest with Trump and Big Pharma, as previously reported by the Inquisitr, it is predicted that Trump’s poor bedside manner with other countries, such as Mexico or the seven countries involved in the Muslim ban, may start a trade war, according to former Mexican President Vincente Fox on January 30. [Feature Image by Andrew Harrer/Pool/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Nancy Pelosi Calls Steve Bannon A “White Supremacist” Now Read This: Mike Pence’s Black History Month Tweet Honoring A White Man Draws Flak Share 10 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Maryam Louise Tags: amgen, bernie sanders, Business, corruption February 2, 2017 NFL Uses Lady Gaga For Hidden Agenda Ahead Of Super Bowl 2017? [Opinion] February 1, 2017 ‘Z Nation’ 2017 Season 4: Lucy Ages Fast As Show Makes Odd Promise [Opinion] Comments LATEST HEADLINES WWE Planning Huge Feud For Brock Lesnar And Roman Reigns After ‘Wrestlemania 33’ Huawei P10 Release: 2017 Flagship Arriving With ‘Plus’ & ‘Lite’ Variants? Chicago Bulls Trade Rumors: Jahlil Okafor Offer Made To Philadelphia 76ers WWE News: Goldberg To Win WWE Universal Title And Defend It At ‘WrestleMania 33’ Mike Pence’s Black History Month Tweet Honoring A White Man Draws Flak GOP-Controlled House Overturns Obama’s Gun Rule Preventing Sales To Mentally Ill Beyoncé Suffered Miscarriage, Rumored Fertility Troubles Before Conceiving Twins ‘Today’ Bumps Tamron Hall For Megyn Kelly, Is Savannah Guthrie Next? Vacheron Constantin And Piaget Get New CEOs Samsung Galaxy S8 Specs: Battery, Awkward Fingerprint Scanner Location And More Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories WWE Opinion: WWE Has The Time And Place Set To Turn Roman Reigns Into The Biggest Heel Of All Time 44.3k 0 0 Noam Chomsky Calls For ‘Militant Labor Movement’ To Transform American Politics And Fight Trump 15.5k 0 0 Song Joong-ki, Song Hye-kyo To Reunite In February for DOTS’ First Anniversary? 5.3k 0 0 WWE News: Nikki Bella Officially Retiring, Leaving WWE After ‘WrestleMania 33’ 4.9k 0 0 Internet Personality Chris Crocker: Remixed, Revisited, And Royally Underappreciated [Opinion] 4k 0 0 WWE News: John Cena & Nikki Bella To Battle The Miz & Maryse At ‘WrestleMania 33 3.1k 0 0 Recent Videos Politics Donald Trump’s Solution To Supreme Court Gridlock Is “Go Nuclear” Politics Acting Attorney General Sally Yates Fired After Defying Travel Ban News Starbucks Will Hire 10,000 Refugees Politics One Million Petition Trump U.K. Visit Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Budget 2017 Photos Video Search Search Home Companies Baba Ramdev's Patanjali Ayurved is India's No. 2 advertiser, next only to Hindustan Unilever BARC India data for January 21 to 27, 2017 lists India's top 10 advertisers, among other details of TV viewership. S V Krishnamachari   February 3, 2017 13:28 IST Union Road Transport, Highways and Shipping Minister Nitin Gadkari, Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis and Yoga Guru Ramdev at the foundation stone laying ceremony of Patanjali Food and Herbal Park at MIHAN, Nagpur on Sept 10, 2016.IANS Patanjali Ayurved, an Indian FMCG company actively endorsed by yoga guru Baba Ramdev, has emerged as the No. 2 advertiser in India, just behind Dutch-Anglo MNC Unilever's Indian subsidiary, Hindustan Unilever Ltd. (HUL). It also emerged as the second in the list of top 10 brands, below Vodafone, according to the data released for the week January 21-27, 2017 by television audience measurement agency Broadcast Audience Research Council (BARC) India on Friday.  Read: Patanjali Ayurved in Pakistan? Why not, asks Baba Ramdev TRP ratings: Naagin 2 continues to rule; The Kapil Sharma Show beats Shakti, Kumkum Bhagya However, the number of insertions (advertisements) for Patanjali Ayurved at 38,886 was far below that of HUL at 97,428. Read: BSE lists at Rs 1,085 on NSE; trading volume hits 1.20 crore shares Other big spenders on TV ads in India include Reckitt Benckiser (India), Cadburys India, Smithkline Beecham, Brooke Bond Lipton India and Proctor & Gamble. ITC was ranked at 10th position. From a brands ranking perspective, Fogg Scent, Shopclues, Horlicks, Olx and Maruti Suzuki Ignis were ranked below Vodafone Super Hour and Patanjali Range of Products. The top TV channels for the reporting week are Sun TV, Star Plus, Colours, Gemini and Zee Telugu. BARC India Patanjali Ayurved recently got a rating upgrade from ICRA for its Rs 300 crore fund-based facilities. Explaining the rating upgrade for PAL, the rating agency said Patanjali Ayurved has been growing steadily over the past few years, increasing its turnover from Rs 2,007 crore in 2014-15 to Rs 4,812 crore the next financial year. For the first seven months of FY2017, the company's turnover was Rs 3,600 crore.  Over the past few months, PAL has been on an expansive spree, setting up facilities and food parks at Sonitpur, Assam and Nagpur, Maharashtra, apart from signing an agreement to develop herbal forests in Panchkula, Haryana. BARC India HUL shares were trading at Rs 843 apiece on Friday at around 1.07 pm on the BSE, while the Dabur stock was also flat at Rs 272. The BSE Sensex was 66 points down at 28,160. Top Sensex losers were Tata Motors, Tata Steel, ICICI Bank and Power Grid Corporation. Yoga guru Baba Ramdev with filmmaker Anurag Basu, choreographer Geeta Kapoor and actress Shilpa Shetty on the sets of Sony TV reality show Super Dancer in Mumbai on Oct. 17, 2016IANS Post Comment IBT TV Close Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi resigns after referendum loss Why advertise with us? Latest News Snapchat parent Snap Inc files for $3 billion IPO 1 minute ago By Deependra Jha Editor's Pick WATCH Bruce Springsteen troll Donald Trump after POTUS hangs up phone on Australian PM #ReasonsTrumpHangsUp: Twitter reactions that will make you burst out with laughter Why advertise with us? most popular BSE lists at Rs 1,085 on NSE; trading volume hits 1.20 crore shares BSE Ltd. shares list on NSE at Rs 1,085, 35 percent premium to issue price; trading volumes hits 12 million in 3 hours. World's listed stock exchanges [PHOTOS] As BSE gets ready for listing on February 3 on the NSE, take a look at the world's listed stock exchanges such as Nasdaq, NYSE, Deutsche Borse, HKSE, LSE. Photo Gallery Divya Khosla Kumar celebrates Kabhi Yaadon Mein with Sridevi Reprised versions of popular chartbusters from the 70s and 80s seems to be making a comeback in the Bollywood industry. However, Divya Khosla Kumar takes it a notch further and reprises the not-so-old and super popular 2003 chartbuster Kabhi Yaadon Mein, creating quite a stir across social media and her fans from all over. Jayam Ravi at Bogan success celebration Bogan movie success celebration held at Kamala Cinemas. Celebs like Jayam Ravi, director Lakshman, Kamala Cinemas Owner CT Ganesan also graced the event. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
irishmirrorLoad mobile navigation News Latest News Irish News Crime Politics Education World News News OpinionExpand Sport Latest Sport Soccer GAA Golf Rugby Union UFC Other Sport Sport Opinion Fantasy FootballExpand Showbiz Lifestyle Weird News GAA Soccer Rugby Sign in My Account Sign Out facebook twitter Bingo Competitions Horoscopes Crosswords BuySell About Us Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions How to Complain Mirror.co.uk BelfastLive.co.uk © 2016 MGN Limited Home Showbiz Celebrity News Super Bowl Showbiz Watch all the Super Bowl 2017 commercials as Miranda Kerr, Tom Brady and Jason Statham lead star-studded ads The Super Bowl is the most watched TV programme in the US and advertisers pay as much as $5million for a 30-second spot  Share  Comments ByNatalie Evans 07:39, 3 FEB 2017 Updated09:15, 3 FEB 2017 Showbiz Super Bowl 2017 Ads (Photo: YouTube)  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email The New England Patriots face-off against the Atlanta Falcons this Sunday in the NFL's showpiece sporting event of the year. The Super Bowl is one of, if not, THE most-watched television programme in the United States - making it a prime spot for advertisers. The audience for last year's championship game totalled nearly 112 million viewers, and Super Bowl 51 is expected to be even bigger. As a result, advertisers are paying 21st Century Fox Inc as much as $5million for a 30-second spot during the event at Houston's NRG Stadium. Here's an A to Z of some of the commercials you can expect to see... 84 Lumber Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in  84 Lumber release immigration-themed advert for the Super Bowl Share this video Watch Next The Pennsylvania-based building materials supply company released a 90-second version of their ad, which made waves after Fox rejected their initial idea that reportedly featured immigrants being blocks by a wall. The spot ends with a cliffhanger, directing viewers to watch online after the game, which will include the parts that Fox had rejected. Audi AG Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Audi is one of the few brands taking a stance on an issue during the Super Bowl, with an ad promoting gender equality. Avocados From Mexico Avocados From Mexico returns for its third straight Super Bowl, this time with Jon Lovitz starring in an eerie, Twilight Zone-inspired spot. The commercial is set to run during the game's first commercial break. Bud Light Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Bud Light is bringing back Spuds MacKenzie, its former mascot that became an 1980s pop culture icon, to commemorate the dog's first appearance 30 years ago during Super Bowl XXI. Budweiser Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch NextNintendo Switch has paid up to $5 million for a S Watch this video again Watch Next Lady Gaga gets fans PUMPED UP for Super Bowl perf1:58 Video will play in  Watch the controversial Budweiser advert readied for the Super Bowl Share this video Watch Next In what is sure to be among the most talked-about spots, Budweiser is paying tribute to its parent company's co-founder, Adolphus Busch, a German-born immigrant. It is one of four spots for Anheuser-Busch InBev NV. Buick Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch NextWatch the controversial Budweiser commercial read Watch this video again Watch Next Lady Gaga gets fans PUMPED UP for Super Bowl perf1:58 Video will play in  Miranda Kerr stars in Buick's Super Bowl advert Share this video Watch Next Carolina Panthers quarterback Cam Newton won't feature on the field on Sunday, but he still makes an appearance, taking out a field of five-year-old's in this Buick ad starring alongside Australian supermodel Miranda Kerr. Busch Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Busch is making its Super Bowl debut with a humorous look at the way Anheuser-Busch's value brand's name sounds. Febreze Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Airing in the second quarter, Febreze will make its Super Bowl debut by promoting its OdorClear technology in a way that most football fans can relate: Bathroom breaks. GoDaddy.com Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now After sitting out last year, GoDaddy returns to the Super Bowl with a decidedly less-racy spot than what viewers usually expect from the web services company, featuring one of the internet's most popular animals. Honda Motor Co Ltd Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Honda will promote its 2017 CR-V featuring high school yearbook photos of famous celebrities including Tina Fey, Robert Redford and NBA hall of famer Earvin "Magic" Johnson. Hyundai Motor Company Technically, the South Korean auto-maker will not have a spot during the Super Bowl, instead opting for a 90-second commercial that will run directly following the final whistle. Filmmaker Peter Berg will produce a 90-second documentary of the Super Bowl. Intel Corp Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in  Tom Brady stars in Intel's new TV advertisement Share this video Watch Next The technology company will use New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady to showcase its 360-degree video technology, which will also be used by Fox during the game to show replays. Kia Motors Corp Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Melissa McCarthy will star in the auto-maker's spot, which is set to run during the game's third quarter. Kia released a 15-second teaser for its commercial, which will tout the 2017 Kia Niro, featuring McCarthy running from something in the distance. Mercedes-Benz Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Joel and Ethan Coen, known for directing films "Fargo" and "No Country for Old Men" make their Super Bowl debut with this spot touting the automaker's AMG GT Roadster. Peter Fonda stars. Mr. Clean Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Procter & Gamble Co's cleaning brand is making its Super Bowl debut this year, with a 30-second spot that humorously shows just much how ladies love a guy who cleans. Nintendo Co Ltd Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch NextNintendo Switch has paid up to $5 million for a S Watch this video again Watch Next Watch the controversial Budweiser commercial read1:00 Video will play in  Nintendo drop new advert for Switch during the Super Bowl Share this video Watch Next The Japanese gaming company is using its first ever Super Bowl commercial to promote its newest gaming device, the Nintendo Switch. Paramount Pictures Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now The Viacom Inc-owned studio confirmed it will run trailers for some of its upcoming films, including "Ghost in the Shell" and "Transformers: The Last Knight." Paramount released the one for "Ghost in the Shell." Pepsico Inc Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now PepsiCo is using its long Super Bowl spot to promote its new purified water brand, Lifewtr, with an inspirational spot featuring music by John Legend. Persil Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now The laundry detergent brand is teasing the appearance of a certain "Science Guy" that most U.S. viewers would be familiar with, in its second straight year advertising during the Super Bowl. Skittles Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch NextWatch the controversial Budweiser commercial read Watch this video again Watch Next Lady Gaga gets fans PUMPED UP for Super Bowl perf1:58 Video will play in  Watch the HILARIOUS Skittles Super Bowl advert Share this video Watch Next The Mars Inc brand will use a popular teen-romance trope for its latest Super Bowl commercial: the lovestruck guy trying to get his crush's attention by throwing rocks (except this time it is Skittles) at her upstairs window in the middle of the night. Snickers Snickers will be the first brand to stage a live commercial during the Super Bowl, which will come during the first break of the third quarter. The Mars Inc company has enlisted "Star Wars" actor Adam Driver for the spot and released a quartet of teasers for the ad. Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Sprint Corp Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now This humorous spot from the telecommunications provider continues its war with Verizon, once again using former Verizon spokesperson Paul Marcarelli, to shows just how far consumers will go to get out of their Verizon bills. Squarespace Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now For its fourth Super Bowl ad, the publishing tools company has enlisted John Malkovich, who has appeared in prior ads. The spot is humorous take on the actor, and burgeoning fashion designer, attempting to register the domain name, JohnMalkovich.com, only to find someone else already owns it. (The real JohnMalkovich.com, owned by the actor, is hosted by Squarespace.) In addition to the in-game spot, Squarespace will have a 60-second ad running prior to the game. Tide Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Patriots' tight end Rob Gronkowski may not be able to play in the game due to injury, but he stars alongside actor Jeffrey Tambor in this humorous spot for Proctor & Gamble's detergent brand. T-Mobile USA Inc Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Rob Gronkowski makes his second Super Bowl commercial appearance, alongside Justin Bieber and former NFL star Terrell Owens as they search for the perfect touchdown dance. Toyota Motor Corp Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now The Japanese auto-maker enlisted Minnie Driver to voice its spot touting their Lexus brand's two new vehicles, Lexus LC 500 and LC 500h. The musical spot also features recording artist Sia's "Move Your Body," and movement artist Lil Buck. TurboTax Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now For its fourth Super Bowl, TurboTax is referencing a very popular children's character: Humpty Dumpty. The 45-second spot sees anthropomorphic egg being attended to after his famous fall, which is humorously blamed using TurboTax. Wendy's Co Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Making its Super Bowl debut, the fast-food chain is trying to combat customer sentiment that its beef patties are not made fresh. Wix.com Ltd Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in  The Wix Super Bowl commercial starring Jason Statham Share this video Watch Next The Israeli-based web development platform has recruited film action stars Jason Statham and Gal Gadot in this action-packed commercial, their third Super Bowl spot, about creating businesses in a disruptive world. poll loading Who will win the Super Bowl? 0+ VOTES SO FAR Atlanta New England Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @irishmirror Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Super Bowl NFL Atlanta Falcons New England Patriots American football Honda Toyota John Malkovich Justin Bieber Showbiz all Most Read Most Recent ShowbizKylie Minogue 'calls off engagement to actor fiancé Joshua Sasse over cheating suspicions' The pop star is said to be heartbroken after throwing the British actor out of her house ShowbizLittle Mix's Jesy Nelson showcases gorgeous natural look as she ditches hair extensions The singer posted a stunning selfie to show off her new look Vogue WilliamsVogue Williams has been forced to pull out of The Jump with a knee injury It is reported that Vogue has had to pull out due to an injury Game of ThronesGame of Thrones star Jason Momoa is in Ireland and he's drinking Guinness The actor who no longer features in the show is in the capital enjoying himself First Dates IrelandRoz Purcell and sister Rachel watch pal on First Dates Ireland - and don't agree on how it's going The two siblings have some opposing views on Thursday's episode Pete BennettBig Brother legend Pete Bennett working as a CLEANER after losing his £100,000 prize money The reality star has turned his life around after he appeared on Jeremy Kyle back in 2015 and admitted he was homeless Ronan KeatingRonan Keating pays tribute to his mum Marie on her anniversary: 'We are the people we are because of your love' Marie Keating sadly passed away in 1998, aged just 51 when Ronan was just 20, after a short battle with breast cancer The ExJemma Lucy SLAMS Jodie Marsh's appearance and brands her a "slag" in Twitter war The Ex On The Beach star branded Jodie "rank" in a foul-mouthed rant Arnold SchwarzeneggerArnold Schwarzenegger tells Donald Trump he could 'take over' presidency after Apprentice ratings dig Unfortunately, Arnie isn't able to run for US president Kylie MinogueKylie Minogue 'calls off engagement to actor fiancé Joshua Sasse over cheating suspicions' The pop star is said to be heartbroken after throwing the British actor out of her house Most Read Most Recent What's OnReason why EastEnders isn't airing on Friday revealed - so fans have to wait a little longer for outcome of revenge porn plot Fans have been glued to their screens all week - but have to wait until Monday for the next episode because of Spy In The Wild An Garda SiochanaGardai set to recruit 140 civilian staff this summer It was announced at a graduation ceremony in Templemore earlier today World NewsSon of former world champion kickboxer dies after 'being shot nine times' outside chip shop in Liverpool Police have launched a murder investigation after Aaron Lewis, 26, was gunned down in a "cold blooded, targeted attack" last night An Garda SiochanaResidents of quiet well-off housing estate in south Dublin reeling after woman assaulted It is the second serious assault in the area this year and residents are shocked Other SportRecord-breaking Irishman rows Atlantic after beating alcohol and heroin addiction An Irish former heroin addict and alcoholic who tried to kill himself became a superfit endurance athlete and rowing across the Atlantic - sponsored by a whiskey company. Harry RedknappHarry Redknapp opens up about THAT infamous Frank Lampard moment - 'I knew he'd reach the very top' The ex-West Ham boss says he felt compelled to stick up for Lampard and was pleased he proved him right Cesc FabregasChelsea midfielder Cesc Fabregas refuses to rule out Chinese Super League switch as he eyes American future The Spaniard has already planned for his future post-Chelsea, while he is also preparing to take his coaching badges Pete BennettBig Brother legend Pete Bennett working as a CLEANER after losing his £100,000 prize money The reality star has turned his life around after he appeared on Jeremy Kyle back in 2015 and admitted he was homeless Transfer NewsLiverpool transfer news and rumours: Juventus eyeing summer swoop for Emre Can? PLUS: Jurgen Klopp has given Mamadou Sakho an Anfield lifeline and the German admits he could see red again after fourth official rant DrugsIrish laboratories can't keep up with rising number of deaths from synthetic drugs, expert warns Assistant state pathologist Dr Margaret Bolster said deaths by synthetic drugs are becoming increasingly common Top Stories WexfordIs this Ireland's Hugh Hefner? 79-year-old lothario claims he's slept with more than 2,000 women Chris Culleton says he met most of the women while he was working at a music promoter - but turned down a job with the Rolling Stone for love DrugsIrish laboratories can't keep up with rising number of deaths from synthetic drugs, expert warns Assistant state pathologist Dr Margaret Bolster said deaths by synthetic drugs are becoming increasingly common Road DeathsTragic dad killed in horrific Irish car crash was due to become a father again this year Father-of-two Valdis Gabranovs was killed just yards from his home in Rush Co Dublin on Wednesday night LimerickLimerick priest tied up in aggravated burglary after returning home from mass Canon Tony O'Keeffe was targeted in his house after coming home from saying mass NewsGorillas massacred and driven to extinction - all for the sake of our mobile phones The animals are being poached for bushmeat by militia groups and miners digging for an ore called coltan used in mobile phones Conor McGregorConor McGregor will be an 'amazing dad' and pregnant Dee Devlin is already buying baby clothes, his sister Erin reveals Conor McGregor and his partner Dee Devlin are due to welcome their first child this May PoliticsStephen Donnelly will be Fianna Fail’s frontbench spokesman on Brexit Party leader Micheal Martin said Mr Donnelly’s appointment was part of an ongoing journey of recovery and growth for Fianna Fail An Garda SiochanaGardai set to recruit 140 civilian staff this summer It was announced at a graduation ceremony in Templemore earlier today Ed SheeranTickets for Ed Sheeran's sold out Irish gigs selling online for over €800 Fans of the popular singer snapped up the extremely limited supply within minutes on Thursday morning PoliticsFinance Minister Michael Noonan hits out at European Commission’s €13billion Apple tax ruling He told the Public Accounts Committee today the decision to appeal against the move was taken “in the best interests of the country” UFCFloyd Mayweather's father hits out at Conor McGregor in bizarre fashion There has been ongoing speculation that a fight between McGregor and Mayweather Junior is drawing closer Other SportRecord-breaking Irishman rows Atlantic after beating alcohol and heroin addiction An Irish former heroin addict and alcoholic who tried to kill himself became a superfit endurance athlete and rowing across the Atlantic - sponsored by a whiskey company. Kylie Minogue 'calls off engagement to actor fiancé Joshua Sasse over cheating suspicions' Little Mix's Jesy Nelson showcases gorgeous natural look as she ditches hair extensions Vogue Williams has been forced to pull out of The Jump with a knee injury Game of Thrones star Jason Momoa is in Ireland and he's drinking Guinness Roz Purcell and sister Rachel watch pal on First Dates Ireland - and don't agree on how it's going Katherine Ryan shares shocking snaps of BOTCHED Brazilian bum lift as she's forced to cancel shows Conor McGregor will be an 'amazing dad' and pregnant Dee Devlin is already buying baby clothes, his sister Erin reveals Britney Spears has X-rated wardrobe malfunction as her BOOB falls out during live performance Nadia Forde feeling 'broody' as she confesses she wants to start a family The Jump love triangle emerges as Spencer Matthews hooks up with Vogue Williams AND Jade Jones Jeremy McConnell told to 'man up' by fans who say Stephanie Davis' baby is 'spitting image' of his dad What's inside the $30,000 gift bags being handed to stars at the GRAMMY Awards 2017? Prince Harry and Meghan Markle enjoy dinner date as TV star's friends say she has 'virtually moved in' with royal Tickets for Ed Sheeran's Dublin gigs sell out in MINUTES Pregnant Beyonce shares incredible honeymoon snap with Jay Z after revealing they're expecting twins Pregnant Beyonce goes NAKED to celebrate her twin baby announcement Danielle Lloyd breaks silence over ex-husband Jamie O'Hara's romance with Bianca Gascoigne Why isn't Jay Z in any of Beyoncé’s pregnancy pictures? Noah Buble's aunt gives joyful update on toddler's cancer case: "We are very happy" Beyonce is pregnant with TWINS as she and Jay Z confirm happy news with baby bump selfie News Sport Lifestyle Follow us facebook twitter About Us Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions How to Complain Mirror.co.uk BelfastLive.co.uk © 2016 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Formula 1 Boxing Cricket Horse Racing Row Zed Rugby Union Other Sports Athletics Cycling Darts MMA Tennis WrestlingExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Got a Story? Sign in My Account Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Psychic Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited Home Sport Other Sports Super Bowl Sport Watch all the Super Bowl 2017 commercials as Miranda Kerr, Tom Brady and Jason Statham lead star-studded ads The Super Bowl is the most watched TV programme in the US and advertisers pay as much as $5million for a 30-second spot  Share  Comments ByNatalie Evans 07:39, 3 FEB 2017 Sport Super Bowl 2017 Ads (Photo: YouTube)  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email The New England Patriots face-off against the Atlanta Falcons this Sunday in the NFL's showpiece sporting event of the year. The Super Bowl is one of, if not, THE most-watched television programme in the United States - making it a prime spot for advertisers. The audience for last year's championship game totalled nearly 112 million viewers, and Super Bowl 51 is expected to be even bigger. As a result, advertisers are paying 21st Century Fox Inc as much as $5million for a 30-second spot during the event at Houston's NRG Stadium. Read More How to watch Super Bowl in the UK? Start time, Lady Gaga's performance and more for NFL clash Here's an A to Z of some of the commercials you can expect to see... 84 Lumber Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch NextJournalist claims Noah Buble’s “cancer has gone” Watch this video again Watch Next Kim is at it again as Denise tries to study0:57 Celebrity Big Brother: Telling Tales with James C2:30 Celebrity Big Brother: Coleen calls Kim's suggest0:26 Celebrity Big Brother: Nicola rants about Kim in 0:30 Video will play in  84 Lumber release immigration-themed advert for the Super Bowl Share this video Watch Next The Pennsylvania-based building materials supply company released a 90-second version of their ad, which made waves after Fox rejected their initial idea that reportedly featured immigrants being blocks by a wall. The spot ends with a cliffhanger, directing viewers to watch online after the game, which will include the parts that Fox had rejected. Read More When is Super Bowl 2017? TV channel information and more ahead of the big NFL clash Audi AG Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Audi is one of the few brands taking a stance on an issue during the Super Bowl, with an ad promoting gender equality. Avocados From Mexico Avocados From Mexico returns for its third straight Super Bowl, this time with Jon Lovitz starring in an eerie, Twilight Zone-inspired spot. The commercial is set to run during the game's first commercial break. Bud Light Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Bud Light is bringing back Spuds MacKenzie, its former mascot that became an 1980s pop culture icon, to commemorate the dog's first appearance 30 years ago during Super Bowl XXI. Budweiser Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch NextNintendo Switch has paid up to $5 million for a S Watch this video again Watch Next Lady Gaga gets fans PUMPED UP for Super Bowl perf1:58 Budweiser Dream Goal | One unforgettable surprise1:10 Sean Spicer's Aussie gaffe!0:35 Mirror man Tom Parry and gorilla expert Ian Redmo1:55 Trump claims he's going to 'fix the world'0:37 Baby starved to death after parents died of overd1:02 Malcolm Turnbull addresses THAT phone call with T1:50 Italian police release footage of dramatic jewell1:22 Trump puts Iran on notice over ballistic missile 1:11 Trump's attorney general told Sally Yates to stan1:27 On the launch pad with Russia Soyuz rocket as it 1:25 Video will play in  Watch the controversial Budweiser advert readied for the Super Bowl Share this video Watch Next In what is sure to be among the most talked-about spots, Budweiser is paying tribute to its parent company's co-founder, Adolphus Busch, a German-born immigrant. It is one of four spots for Anheuser-Busch InBev NV. Buick Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch NextWatch the controversial Budweiser commercial read Watch this video again Watch Next Lady Gaga gets fans PUMPED UP for Super Bowl perf1:58 Let Miranda Kerr take you on a guided tour around0:34 Top 20 Victoria's Secret models2:18 Journalist claims Noah Buble’s “cancer has gone” 3:03 Kim is at it again as Denise tries to study0:57 Celebrity Big Brother: Telling Tales with James C2:30 Celebrity Big Brother: Coleen calls Kim's suggest0:26 Celebrity Big Brother: Nicola rants about Kim in 0:30 Video will play in  Miranda Kerr stars in Buick's Super Bowl advert Share this video Watch Next Carolina Panthers quarterback Cam Newton won't feature on the field on Sunday, but he still makes an appearance, taking out a field of five-year-old's in this Buick ad starring alongside Australian supermodel Miranda Kerr. Busch Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Busch is making its Super Bowl debut with a humorous look at the way Anheuser-Busch's value brand's name sounds. Febreze Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Airing in the second quarter, Febreze will make its Super Bowl debut by promoting its OdorClear technology in a way that most football fans can relate: Bathroom breaks. GoDaddy.com Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now After sitting out last year, GoDaddy returns to the Super Bowl with a decidedly less-racy spot than what viewers usually expect from the web services company, featuring one of the internet's most popular animals. Honda Motor Co Ltd Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Honda will promote its 2017 CR-V featuring high school yearbook photos of famous celebrities including Tina Fey, Robert Redford and NBA hall of famer Earvin "Magic" Johnson. Hyundai Motor Company Technically, the South Korean auto-maker will not have a spot during the Super Bowl, instead opting for a 90-second commercial that will run directly following the final whistle. Filmmaker Peter Berg will produce a 90-second documentary of the Super Bowl. Intel Corp Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in  Tom Brady stars in Intel's new TV advertisement Share this video Watch Next The technology company will use New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady to showcase its 360-degree video technology, which will also be used by Fox during the game to show replays. Kia Motors Corp Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Melissa McCarthy will star in the auto-maker's spot, which is set to run during the game's third quarter. Kia released a 15-second teaser for its commercial, which will tout the 2017 Kia Niro, featuring McCarthy running from something in the distance. Mercedes-Benz Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Joel and Ethan Coen, known for directing films "Fargo" and "No Country for Old Men" make their Super Bowl debut with this spot touting the automaker's AMG GT Roadster. Peter Fonda stars. Mr. Clean Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Procter & Gamble Co's cleaning brand is making its Super Bowl debut this year, with a 30-second spot that humorously shows just much how ladies love a guy who cleans. Nintendo Co Ltd Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch NextNintendo Switch has paid up to $5 million for a S Watch this video again Watch Next Watch the controversial Budweiser commercial read1:00 Incredible preview of Mario Odyssey shown at Nint3:14 Watch the trailer for The Legend of Zelda: Twilig2:25 Online games company builds a refugee version of 1:38 Watch this room transform into an amazing Mario K1:53 If you love Nintendo you will LOVE this Super Mar2:14 Video will play in  Nintendo drop new advert for Switch during the Super Bowl Share this video Watch Next The Japanese gaming company is using its first ever Super Bowl commercial to promote its newest gaming device, the Nintendo Switch. Paramount Pictures Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now The Viacom Inc-owned studio confirmed it will run trailers for some of its upcoming films, including "Ghost in the Shell" and "Transformers: The Last Knight." Paramount released the one for "Ghost in the Shell." Pepsico Inc Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now PepsiCo is using its long Super Bowl spot to promote its new purified water brand, Lifewtr, with an inspirational spot featuring music by John Legend. Persil Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now The laundry detergent brand is teasing the appearance of a certain "Science Guy" that most U.S. viewers would be familiar with, in its second straight year advertising during the Super Bowl. Skittles Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch NextWatch the controversial Budweiser commercial read Watch this video again Watch Next Lady Gaga gets fans PUMPED UP for Super Bowl perf1:58 Journalist claims Noah Buble’s “cancer has gone” 3:03 Kim is at it again as Denise tries to study0:57 Celebrity Big Brother: Telling Tales with James C2:30 Celebrity Big Brother: Coleen calls Kim's suggest0:26 Celebrity Big Brother: Nicola rants about Kim in 0:30 Video will play in  Watch the HILARIOUS Skittles Super Bowl advert Share this video Watch Next The Mars Inc brand will use a popular teen-romance trope for its latest Super Bowl commercial: the lovestruck guy trying to get his crush's attention by throwing rocks (except this time it is Skittles) at her upstairs window in the middle of the night. Snickers Snickers will be the first brand to stage a live commercial during the Super Bowl, which will come during the first break of the third quarter. The Mars Inc company has enlisted "Star Wars" actor Adam Driver for the spot and released a quartet of teasers for the ad. Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Sprint Corp Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now This humorous spot from the telecommunications provider continues its war with Verizon, once again using former Verizon spokesperson Paul Marcarelli, to shows just how far consumers will go to get out of their Verizon bills. Squarespace Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now For its fourth Super Bowl ad, the publishing tools company has enlisted John Malkovich, who has appeared in prior ads. The spot is humorous take on the actor, and burgeoning fashion designer, attempting to register the domain name, JohnMalkovich.com, only to find someone else already owns it. (The real JohnMalkovich.com, owned by the actor, is hosted by Squarespace.) In addition to the in-game spot, Squarespace will have a 60-second ad running prior to the game. Tide Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Patriots' tight end Rob Gronkowski may not be able to play in the game due to injury, but he stars alongside actor Jeffrey Tambor in this humorous spot for Proctor & Gamble's detergent brand. T-Mobile USA Inc Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Rob Gronkowski makes his second Super Bowl commercial appearance, alongside Justin Bieber and former NFL star Terrell Owens as they search for the perfect touchdown dance. Toyota Motor Corp Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now The Japanese auto-maker enlisted Minnie Driver to voice its spot touting their Lexus brand's two new vehicles, Lexus LC 500 and LC 500h. The musical spot also features recording artist Sia's "Move Your Body," and movement artist Lil Buck. TurboTax Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now For its fourth Super Bowl, TurboTax is referencing a very popular children's character: Humpty Dumpty. The 45-second spot sees anthropomorphic egg being attended to after his famous fall, which is humorously blamed using TurboTax. Wendy's Co Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Making its Super Bowl debut, the fast-food chain is trying to combat customer sentiment that its beef patties are not made fresh. Wix.com Ltd Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in  The Wix Super Bowl commercial starring Jason Statham Share this video Watch Next The Israeli-based web development platform has recruited film action stars Jason Statham and Gal Gadot in this action-packed commercial, their third Super Bowl spot, about creating businesses in a disruptive world. poll loading Who will win the Super Bowl? 0+ VOTES SO FAR Atlanta New England Read More Super Bowl 2017 How to watch Super Bowl in UK When is Super Bowl? TV Channel info Watch Super Bowl 2017 commercials Super Bowl 2017 latest news Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @DailyMirror Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Super Bowl NFL Atlanta Falcons New England Patriots American football Sport all Most Read Most Recent Real Madrid transfer newsReal Madrid ready to swoop for Manchester City's out-of-favour striker Sergio Aguero Aguero was benched for City's win over West Ham on Wednesday night, with youngster Gabriel Jesus starting in his place Premier League title raceFootball Manager reveal final 2016/17 Premier League table - and it's bad news for Liverpool and Manchester United Chelsea are set to be pushed until the very wire and have their lead at the top of the table cut to just two points Premier LeagueWho are the five fastest players at each Premier League club? We crunch the numbers Here, we take a look at the five fastest players at each of the 20 top flight clubs... Next West Ham managerEx-Manchester City boss Roberto Mancini ready to replace under-pressure Slaven Bilic at West Ham The Hammers are to review their manager's position in the summer and Italian seen at their midweek match is believed to be keen on a return to England Liverpool FCJurgen Klopp is already thinking about summer signings, says former Liverpool favourite Jan Molby The Reds players are put through their paces ahead of Saturday's trip to the KC Stadium to face Marco Silva's Hull Arsenal FCArsenal press conference live updates as Arsene Wenger speaks to the media ahead of Chelsea clash It has been a bad week for the Gunners boss and his team and it only gets worse with the runaway league leaders away from home on Saturday Manchester City FCMan City superstar Sergio Aguero to resist Real Madrid interest despite being left out by Pep Guardiola The Argentinian could be of interest to the European champions with Gabriel Jesus impressing on his full debut vs West Ham Six NationsA team-by-team guide to the Six Nations MirrorSport picks out the key player, fixture and more for each of the Six Nations Six NationsSix players to watch during the 2017 Six Nations From precocious England talent Maro Itoje to Italy talisman Sergio Parisse, the RBS 6 Nations will again showcase the full spectrum of European talent Manchester United transfer newsManchester United transfer news and rumours: Red Devils to resurrect deal for Victor Lindelof this summer? PLUS: Youngster Axel Tuanzaebe has signed a new deal at Old Trafford and Zlatan Ibrahimovic's future has been thrown into doubt Most Read Most Recent Car parks'Do it yourself' ticketing phone app pays £10 bounty to users who snap a car parked against landowner's wishes The firm which boasts of operating car parks for McDonalds, Halfords, Tesco and the NHS is handing out a £10 commission to increase parking “fines” dished out GorillasGorillas massacred and driven to extinction - all for the sake of our mobile phones The animals are being poached for bushmeat by militia groups and miners digging for an ore called coltan used in mobile phones RelationshipsIs this Britain's Hugh Hefner? 79-year-old lothario claims he's slept with more than 2,000 women Chris Culleton says he met most of the women while he was working at a music promoter - but turned down a job with the Rolling Stone for love Kylie MinogueKylie Minogue 'calls off engagement to actor fiancé Joshua Sasse over cheating suspicions' The pop star is said to be heartbroken after throwing the British actor out of her house Passport OfficeMan renews passport and is shocked to get it back with STRANGER'S photo on it Ben Spence paid £82 to update the document ahead of a weekend birthday trip to Amsterdam with pals at the end of this month Johnny GaleckiThe Big Bang Theory’s Johnny Galecki unwittingly releases Samara in terrifying new Rings clip Mirror TV has been given an exclusive peek at the actor's role in the horror movie Africa Cup of NationsPremier League: The best players for your Fantasy Football team this weekend Take advantage of the free transfers this weekend as the top strikers will be kicking-off at different times Arsenal FCArsenal press conference live updates as Arsene Wenger speaks to the media ahead of Chelsea clash It has been a bad week for the Gunners boss and his team and it only gets worse with the runaway league leaders away from home on Saturday Pete BennettBig Brother legend Pete Bennett working as a CLEANER after losing his £100,000 prize money The reality star has turned his life around after he appeared on Jeremy Kyle back in 2015 and admitted he was homeless Liverpool transfer newsLiverpool transfer news and rumours: Juventus eyeing summer swoop for Emre Can? PLUS: Jurgen Klopp has given Mamadou Sakho an Anfield lifeline and the German admits he could see red again after fourth official rant Top Stories Kylie MinogueKylie Minogue 'calls off engagement to actor fiancé Joshua Sasse over cheating suspicions' The pop star is said to be heartbroken after throwing the British actor out of her house Met OfficeBritain set to be lashed by 70mph winds as storm brings gales and heavy rain over the weekend The storm has not yet been named 'Doris', contrary to reports, but could still bring down trees and cause travel disruption Motor neurone diseaseMotor neurone disease campaigner dies aged 31 after brave battle against illness and fight to find cure We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story Passport OfficeMan renews passport and is shocked to get it back with STRANGER'S photo on it Ben Spence paid £82 to update the document ahead of a weekend birthday trip to Amsterdam with pals at the end of this month Dangerous dogsMum describes horrific attack that saw 'devil dog tear at tot's face' Heavily pregnant Chloe Milne watched in horror as a Staffordshire bull terrier-type dog launched itself at daughter Nevaeh in a car park Court caseDad 'shook baby boy so badly he suffered brain damage and will need nursing care for life' Zsolt Lakatos admits he shook the infant on two separate occasions but denies that he had intended to cause him serious harm Prince HarryPrince Harry and Meghan Markle enjoy date as friends say she's 'virtually moved in' Friends of Meghan say the royal and Suits star have been "inseparable" Court caseMum of toddler shot in head reveals heartbreak as docs told her to 'say goodbye' to boy In first chat about horrific incident Amy Allen said heart 'broke into a thousand million little pieces' when doctors told her it was certain her son wouldn't survive Super Bowl LI'You're not from round here are you?' Budweiser Super Bowl immigration-themed advert sparks controversy in wake of Donald Trump Muslim ban The ad tells the story of Adolphus Busch, one of the founders of Budweiser, who emigrated from Germany to the US in 1857 Inquests"I've done it, thanks": Woman's final text to boyfriend before she's found hanged Keep-fit centre manager Lyndsey Higgins, 30, was found dead by ex-fireman Martin Westwell after she told him she would harm herself if they split Missing personsPolice hunting for body of missing British mum launch major new search near expat home Lisa Brown, 32, disappeared on November 4, 2015 after a "violent episode" at the Spanish home she shared with her Brit boyfriend, who is suspected of her murder Court caseMum hauled before court for calling man a "pussy" feared being jailed and losing her kids Aga Czachowska, 31, claims she was held in a cell, had her DNA taken and feared she would be deported for leaving a sweary message on a businessman's answerphone Real Madrid ready to swoop for Manchester City's out-of-favour striker Sergio Aguero Football Manager reveal final 2016/17 Premier League table - and it's bad news for Liverpool and Manchester United Who are the five fastest players at each Premier League club? We crunch the numbers Ex-Manchester City boss Roberto Mancini ready to replace under-pressure Slaven Bilic at West Ham Jurgen Klopp is already thinking about summer signings, says former Liverpool favourite Jan Molby Michael Carrick to take HUGE pay cut at Manchester United? Transfer news and gossip from Friday's papers Arsenal fans' abuse nudging hurt Arsene Wenger towards the exit THIS summer Newcastle boss Rafael Benitez questioning his future after they make ZERO winter window signings Arsenal transfer news and rumours: Gunners make contact with Atalanta star Franck Kessie? Transfer deadline day LIVE: Fallout and reaction after the January window slams shut Frankie goes to Hollywood: Lampard considering sensational switch into ACTING following retirement Frank Lampard or Steven Gerrard? Our reporters answer the question that plagued both England legends' careers As Arsenal head to Chelsea, Nwankwo Kanu relives THAT goal — just like he's done almost daily since Sergio Ramos agrees bizarre swap with fan - gives Real Madrid shirt in exchange for PORK LOINS IN LARD Cristiano Ronaldo HUMILIATES young Real Madrid keeper with a cheeky step-over before tapping the ball past him 7 things that will definitely happen if Joe Hart signs for Liverpool Arsene Wenger may be forced to sit with Chelsea fans when Arsenal travel to Stamford Bridge on Saturday Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp admits he could see Red again like he did after THAT Chelsea penalty Demanding Pep Guardiola making life tougher for Manchester City, admits Yaya Toure Liverpool transfer news and rumours: Secret talks held with Manchester City over Joe Hart deal? News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Friday, February 03, 2017 5:21 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 32°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Advertisers eye winning Super Bowl strategy Friday February 3, 2017 02:45 PM GMT+8 ICYMI Radiation level in Fukushima plant at record high The Edit: Ivanka Trump’s daughter charms China with CNY song ProjekMMO: Kenapa sihir guna jin Islam lebih mahal? Hasselbaink: Conte has earned utmost respect from his players Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Quarterback Cam Newton #1 of the Carolina Panthers (left) and model Miranda Kerr pose for a photo at 'Buick Super Bowl ad featuring the cascada and encore with football star Cam Newton and supermodel Miranda Kerr on January 13, 2017 in Los Angeles, California. ― Emma McIntyre/Getty Images for Buick/AFPWASHINGTON, Feb 3 — There’s the new Wonder Woman actress in action and a sexed-up Mr Clean. And some political messages too — but only if you pay close attention. Sunday’s Super Bowl is not just the biggest US sporting event, it’s also the most important event of the year for advertisers. For some, the clash of top marketers overshadows the premier American football game. The Super Bowl is expected to draw more than 110 million US viewers, and a 30-second spot on the Fox network will cost an estimated US$5 million (RM22.12 million). This offers both challenges and risks for brands, according to Tim Calkins, professor at Northwestern University’s Kellogg School of Management, who leads a Super Bowl ad review with his students. Calkins said the event — a matchup in Houston between the New England Patriots and Atlanta Falcons — draws in many people who are not football fans, giving the ads greater prominence. “A lot of people aren’t interested in the game, and many of them focus on the ads more than the game itself,” he said. “This is a rare opportunity to reach a huge amount of the US population at one time. There’s nothing anywhere that comes close to this for marketers.” Brands are pulling out all the stops to stand out. Hyundai, the South Korean automaker, hired film director Peter Berg, known for Patriots Day and Deepwater Horizon, to create a 90-second “documentary” filmed and produced entirely during the game. “We wanted to push the creativity and storytelling even further,” said Hyundai marketing chief Dean Evans. Another “live” ad will be created for Snickers with actor Adam Driver, which will follow a 36-hour livestream by the Mars brand on its own site and on Facebook. An immigrant’s tale Some advertisers also appear to be making an end run around the ban on overtly political ads. One of them is Budweiser, whose ad tells a 60-second story about its founder, Adolphus Busch, and his journey as a German immigrant — a theme set to make waves as debate rages over US immigration policy. “This commercial shows the start of Budweiser’s journey, and while it is set in the 1800s, it’s a story we believe will resonate with today’s entrepreneurial generation — those who continue strive for their dreams,” said Ricardo Marques, vice president of the Anheuser-Busch beer brand. The brewer “told us they wanted to celebrate those who embody the American spirit,” said Mike Byrne of the agency Anomaly, which created the ad called “Born the Hard Way.” Ads seen as too political or provocative can be rejected, and home improvement retailer 84 Lumber was forced to revise its original concept, which had depicted a border wall. The ad, which aims to recruit new employees, originally included a wall blocking people looking for work — an image deemed too sensitive in light of President Donald Trump’s plan for a wall on the border with Mexico. Audi’s “Daughter” ad also offers political overtones with a story of a girl competing in a cart race and a message of equal pay for women. Mr Clean gets dirty At the provocative end of the ad spectrum, Procter & Gamble turns Mr Clean into a household sex symbol in the spot dubbed “Cleaner of Your Dreams.” “Mr Clean is showing off his strong and sexy side, and hopefully even inspiring men across America to pick up a mop and bucket themselves,”  said P&G vice president Martin Hettich. “Wonder Woman” actress Gal Gadot joins her Furious 7 partner Jason Stratham in an action-packed spot for website builder Wix.com created by French director Louis Leterrier, known for his Transporter and Incredible Hulk films. Some memorable spots from previous Super Bowls include Apple’s dystopian 1984 Ridley Scott ad launching the Macintosh, a 2011 ad celebrating Chrysler’s return from bankruptcy and Budweiser’s 2014 “puppy love” commercial showing a Clydesdale horse befriended by the canine. Some ads have done more harm than good: a notorious 2015 Nationwide Insurance ad featuring a young child who explains how he will miss out on life’s experiences because he is dead missed its target by a long shot. This year, newcomers such as Australian winemaker Yellow Tail (helped by a kangaroo) will join well-known brands such as Intel, TurboTax and Avocados from Mexico and several automakers and consumer brands. Larry Chiagouris, a professor of marketing at Pace University, said the Super Bowl offers a unique opportunity to promote or reposition a brand. He noted brand boosts from Super Bowl ads such as E-Trade, which launched its talking baby ad in 2008, and web hosting firm Go Daddy, with its scantily clad woman testifying before Congress. “The key has always been to have something that is not expected, not typical of the category,” Chiagouris said. The ads are worth it, “if you put the creative effort into it,” he said. “If it’s not creative, if it’s been seen before, it’s a waste of money.” ― AFP                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Uphill task for Geely if Proton deal goes through, research house says Chatime owner accuses Malaysian franchisee of using unapproved ingredients KL shares higher at mid-day If Trump hits China, regional demand would ease blow in Asia Moody’s eyes downgrade for Sime Darby after planned units spin-off Jakim’s new certification enables Halal Pharmaceuticals to expand locally, globally US airlines tumble amid fear Trump travel ban will spread An iPhone made in America? Not that simple, experts say Without immigrants, these world-renowned US companies wouldn’t exist (VIDEO) Oil groups slash costs, but investors spared Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: Uber CEO quits Trump’s business advisory group ‘Smurfs: The Lost Village’ gets a new trailer See this new clip for ‘John Wick: Chapter 2’ Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: Fancy a gourmet meal underwater? Related Articles Private jets descend on Houston for Super Bowl (VIDEO) Will be true to my beliefs during Super Bowl show, says Gaga (VIDEO) Heroic Rodgers adding to his legend Lady Gaga to headline Super Bowl 2017’s halftime show Watch the best food and beverage Super Bowl ads 2016 (VIDEO) Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Advertisers eye winning Super Bowl strategy Rob Lever AFPFebruary 3, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share The Super Bowl is expected to draw more than 110 million US viewers, and a 30-second advertising spot on the Fox network will cost an estimated $5 million (AFP Photo/Tim Warner)More Washington (AFP) - There's the new "Wonder Woman" actress in action and a sexed-up Mr. Clean. And some political messages too -- but only if you pay close attention. Sunday's Super Bowl is not just the biggest US sporting event, it's also the most important event of the year for advertisers. For some, the clash of top marketers overshadows the premier American football game. The Super Bowl is expected to draw more than 110 million US viewers, and a 30-second spot on the Fox network will cost an estimated $5 million. This offers both challenges and risks for brands, according to Tim Calkins, professor at Northwestern University's Kellogg School of Management, who leads a Super Bowl ad review with his students. Calkins said the event -- a matchup in Houston between the New England Patriots and Atlanta Falcons -- draws in many people who are not football fans, giving the ads greater prominence. "A lot of people aren't interested in the game, and many of them focus on the ads more than the game itself," he said. "This is a rare opportunity to reach a huge amount of the US population at one time. There's nothing anywhere that comes close to this for marketers." Brands are pulling out all the stops to stand out. Hyundai, the South Korean automaker, hired film director Peter Berg, known for "Patriots Day" and "Deepwater Horizon," to create a 90-second "documentary" filmed and produced entirely during the game. "We wanted to push the creativity and storytelling even further," said Hyundai marketing chief Dean Evans. Another "live" ad will be created for Snickers with actor Adam Driver, which will follow a 36-hour livestream by the Mars brand on its own site and on Facebook. - An immigrant's tale - Some advertisers also appear to be making an end run around the ban on overtly political ads. One of them is Budweiser, whose ad tells a 60-second story about its founder, Adolphus Busch, and his journey as a German immigrant -- a theme set to make waves as debate rages over US immigration policy. "This commercial shows the start of Budweiser's journey, and while it is set in the 1800s, it's a story we believe will resonate with today's entrepreneurial generation -- those who continue strive for their dreams," said Ricardo Marques, vice president of the Anheuser-Busch beer brand. The brewer "told us they wanted to celebrate those who embody the American spirit,” said Mike Byrne of the agency Anomaly, which created the ad called "Born the Hard Way." Ads seen as too political or provocative can be rejected, and home improvement retailer 84 Lumber was forced to revise its original concept, which had depicted a border wall. The ad, which aims to recruit new employees, originally included a wall blocking people looking for work -- an image deemed too sensitive in light of President Donald Trump's plan for a wall on the border with Mexico. Audi's "Daughter" ad also offers political overtones with a story of a girl competing in a cart race and a message of equal pay for women. - Mr. Clean gets dirty - At the provocative end of the ad spectrum, Procter & Gamble turns Mr. Clean into a household sex symbol in the spot dubbed "Cleaner of Your Dreams." "Mr. Clean is showing off his strong and sexy side, and hopefully even inspiring men across America to pick up a mop and bucket themselves," said P&G vice president Martin Hettich. "Wonder Woman" actress Gal Gadot joins her "Furious 7" partner Jason Stratham in an action-packed spot for website builder Wix.com created by French director Louis Leterrier, known for his "Transporter" and "Incredible Hulk" films. Some memorable spots from previous Super Bowls include Apple's dystopian 1984 Ridley Scott ad launching the Macintosh, a 2011 ad celebrating Chrysler's return from bankruptcy and Budweiser's 2014 "puppy love" commercial showing a Clydesdale horse befriended by the canine. Some ads have done more harm than good: a notorious 2015 Nationwide Insurance ad featuring a young child who explains how he will miss out on life's experiences because he is dead missed its target by a long shot. This year, newcomers such as Australian winemaker Yellow Tail (helped by a kangaroo) will join well-known brands such as Intel, TurboTax and Avocados from Mexico and several automakers and consumer brands. Larry Chiagouris, a professor of marketing at Pace University, said the Super Bowl offers a unique opportunity to promote or reposition a brand. He noted brand boosts from Super Bowl ads such as E-Trade, which launched its talking baby ad in 2008, and web hosting firm Go Daddy, with its scantily clad woman testifying before Congress. "The key has always been to have something that is not expected, not typical of the category," Chiagouris said. The ads are worth it, "if you put the creative effort into it," he said. "If it's not creative, if it's been seen before, it's a waste of money." Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next In Donald Trump’s White House, Female Staffers Must ‘Dress Like Women’ 2818 messages6%67%27% Get a $100 AT&T Visa® Reward Card DIRECTVSponsored Lady Gaga Remains Mysterious on Super Bowl Halftime Show Details 6 messages0%60%40% Trump Supporter Fired Over Twitter Exchange With Patton Oswalt 4001 messages5%60%35% #2 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: 9/11: Then and now - 15 years later 1135 messages5%58%37% The New Face of Marijuana Investing MONEY MORNINGSponsored Former Giants Kicker Josh Brown Speaks Out After Domestic Abuse Allegations Quadruple Homicide of Washington Family Is ‘Not a Random Act,’ Police Say 152 messages3%68%29% New Israeli Settlements 'May Not Be Helpful' in Achieving Peace With Palestinians, White House Says 227 messages4%72%24% Wall Street "Poster Boy" Makes A Big Prediction Banyan HillSponsored How This Woman Got Her Bubble Butt 82 messages7%68%25% #8 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: Deadly attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport 1007 messages9%20%71% Free Speech Questions After Canceled Milo Yiannopoulos UC Berkeley Event 4 messages0%78%22% Frederick's of Hollywood Frederick's of HollywoodSponsored This Man Slays Walking in Heels Like No Other 89 messages1%72%27% Beyoncé's full pregnancy photoshoot has landed and it's insane 918 messages6%60%34% House Democrats demand Trump boot Bannon from NSC r: Want to know what happens next? Dems will oppose the next thing President Trump does, Shumer and Cummings will put in their input. There will be protesters, not knowing what exactly they are protesting, someone will be called racist or sexist, the comment boards will have someone talking about the popular vote, then someone will say we will treat Trump the same way Obama was treated, the left owned biased media will try to discredit anything Trump does and Democrats will take it as gospel! Join the Conversation 1 / 5 7.9k Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Advertisers eye winning Super Bowl strategy By Afp Published: 01:37 EST, 3 February 2017 | Updated: 01:37 EST, 3 February 2017 e-mail There's the new "Wonder Woman" actress in action and a sexed-up Mr. Clean. And some political messages too -- but only if you pay close attention. Sunday's Super Bowl is not just the biggest US sporting event, it's also the most important event of the year for advertisers. For some, the clash of top marketers overshadows the premier American football game. The Super Bowl is expected to draw more than 110 million US viewers, and a 30-second spot on the Fox network will cost an estimated $5 million. The Super Bowl is expected to draw more than 110 million US viewers, and a 30-second advertising spot on the Fox network will cost an estimated $5 million ©Tim Warner (Getty/AFP) This offers both challenges and risks for brands, according to Tim Calkins, professor at Northwestern University's Kellogg School of Management, who leads a Super Bowl ad review with his students. Calkins said the event -- a matchup in Houston between the New England Patriots and Atlanta Falcons -- draws in many people who are not football fans, giving the ads greater prominence. "A lot of people aren't interested in the game, and many of them focus on the ads more than the game itself," he said. "This is a rare opportunity to reach a huge amount of the US population at one time. There's nothing anywhere that comes close to this for marketers." Brands are pulling out all the stops to stand out. Hyundai, the South Korean automaker, hired film director Peter Berg, known for "Patriots Day" and "Deepwater Horizon," to create a 90-second "documentary" filmed and produced entirely during the game. "We wanted to push the creativity and storytelling even further," said Hyundai marketing chief Dean Evans. Another "live" ad will be created for Snickers with actor Adam Driver, which will follow a 36-hour livestream by the Mars brand on its own site and on Facebook. - An immigrant's tale - Some advertisers also appear to be making an end run around the ban on overtly political ads. One of them is Budweiser, whose ad tells a 60-second story about its founder, Adolphus Busch, and his journey as a German immigrant -- a theme set to make waves as debate rages over US immigration policy. "This commercial shows the start of Budweiser's journey, and while it is set in the 1800s, it's a story we believe will resonate with today's entrepreneurial generation -- those who continue strive for their dreams," said Ricardo Marques, vice president of the Anheuser-Busch beer brand. The brewer "told us they wanted to celebrate those who embody the American spirit,” said Mike Byrne of the agency Anomaly, which created the ad called "Born the Hard Way." Ads seen as too political or provocative can be rejected, and home improvement retailer 84 Lumber was forced to revise its original concept, which had depicted a border wall. The ad, which aims to recruit new employees, originally included a wall blocking people looking for work -- an image deemed too sensitive in light of President Donald Trump's plan for a wall on the border with Mexico. Audi's "Daughter" ad also offers political overtones with a story of a girl competing in a cart race and a message of equal pay for women. - Mr. Clean gets dirty - At the provocative end of the ad spectrum, Procter & Gamble turns Mr. Clean into a household sex symbol in the spot dubbed "Cleaner of Your Dreams." "Mr. Clean is showing off his strong and sexy side, and hopefully even inspiring men across America to pick up a mop and bucket themselves," said P&G vice president Martin Hettich. "Wonder Woman" actress Gal Gadot joins her "Furious 7" partner Jason Stratham in an action-packed spot for website builder Wix.com created by French director Louis Leterrier, known for his "Transporter" and "Incredible Hulk" films. Some memorable spots from previous Super Bowls include Apple's dystopian 1984 Ridley Scott ad launching the Macintosh, a 2011 ad celebrating Chrysler's return from bankruptcy and Budweiser's 2014 "puppy love" commercial showing a Clydesdale horse befriended by the canine. Some ads have done more harm than good: a notorious 2015 Nationwide Insurance ad featuring a young child who explains how he will miss out on life's experiences because he is dead missed its target by a long shot. This year, newcomers such as Australian winemaker Yellow Tail (helped by a kangaroo) will join well-known brands such as Intel, TurboTax and Avocados from Mexico and several automakers and consumer brands. Larry Chiagouris, a professor of marketing at Pace University, said the Super Bowl offers a unique opportunity to promote or reposition a brand. He noted brand boosts from Super Bowl ads such as E-Trade, which launched its talking baby ad in 2008, and web hosting firm Go Daddy, with its scantily clad woman testifying before Congress. "The key has always been to have something that is not expected, not typical of the category," Chiagouris said. The ads are worth it, "if you put the creative effort into it," he said. "If it's not creative, if it's been seen before, it's a waste of money." Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'She is devastated': Kylie Minogue 'ends engagement to Joshua Sasse following suspicions about his relationship with an actress' George and Amal Clooney step out for a romantic dinner in Spain amid pregnancy rumours Ocean's Eleven star, 55, took his wife on a date Emily Ratajkowski flaunts her incredible curves and enviable abs in boho floral bikini as she smoulders in stunning new beach shoot PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Worse for wear David Beckham gallantly holds car door for Poppy Delevingne as they party together on her husband's birthday eve 'The cancer has gone, we are very happy': Michael Bublé's son Noah, 3, 'is recovering' from liver cancer after heartbreaking battle  Good news for singer Guest biogs, drones photographing from above and banquet feasting: 2017's HOTTEST wedding trends SPONSORED Swimming with turtles, lounging on the beach and catch ups over wine with the girls: Meet the jet setting, yoga loving beauty getting close to Kylie's man 'Miss this face every day': Wayne Rooney posts heartfelt Instagram tribute to Coleen's late sister Rosie on her birthday... five years after death That's a slippery slope! The Jump's Spencer Matthews 'caught up in love triangle with co-stars Vogue Williams and Jade Jones' On thin ice PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Amber Rose showcases her famous buxom curves in orange bikini as she chills out in Honolulu Beach babe  Nicola McLean's husband Tom Williams brands Kim Woodburn and Jedward the C-word in expletive filled rant after comments on CBB about wife's 'knockers' Angelina Jolie shares teaser of Netflix passion project she directed based on Cambodian genocide memoir Her Netflix passion project  Janet Jackson, 50, joins newborn son Eissa as he gets a visit from grandma Katherine, aunt Rebbie and uncle Randy Family fun She's got some front! Braless Dakota Johnson stuns in VERY plunging dress at Fifty Shades Darker premiere Exquisite No supporting act! Rita Ora steals the show at Fifty Shades Darker premiere in revealing dress...after being mocked for cameo role Dubbed her big break Where's the rest of it? Singer Halsey risks wardrobe malfunction with VERY revealing dress at Fifty Shades Darker premiere Left her cleavage bare Keeping mum! Rosie Huntington-Whiteley continues to spark pregnancy rumours as she protectively covers her tummy in LA Covered up What a drag! Scott Disick shares a suspicious-looking cigarette on his hotel balcony with a female friend  Smokin' (hot) women Kim Kardashian puts on eye-popping display in sheer tank as she steps out with sister Kourtney for dinner in Costa Rica Turning heads Getting hearts pumping! Mariah Carey hits the gym in cleavage-baring lingerie and HEELS She also needed her fishnet stockings  'I've not had a bum enlargement!' Comedian Katherine Ryan reveals shocking photo of her bare bottom covered in bruises is a FAKE Cheeky Red hot! Ashley James sizzles in flesh-flaunting mini dress as she showcases her ample cleavage and toned pins out in London Scarlet siren 'THICK!': Kylie Jenner shows off voluptuous figure in her own brand's yellow tracksuit Looking to make big inroads in the apparel market Christine Bleakley reveals retired footballer husband Frank Lampard has been 'in talks' to embark on acting career in Hollywood Scott Disick cosies up to a gaggle of women during trip to Miami after he professes love for on-off girlfriend Kourtney Kardashian Ladies man Make-up free Charlotte McKinney ditches the glamour as she steps out in sweats for casual day of shopping in West Hollywood Casual yet chic  Priorities in order! Heidi Klum reveals her panties as she pulls trousers down to her knees for a quick sunbathing session She's a cheeky one David Beckham opts for sunglasses and a low-key ensemble as he jets out of LAX... hours after partying with Poppy Delevingne Good night Love Island's Olivia Buckland looks effortlessly chic in a white leather jacket as she cuddles up to fiancé Alex Bowen That's a Lottie leg! Model Moss flashes her toned pins in thigh-skimming skirt as she makes an entrance at friend's birthday party Kate's little sister  Solange Knowles performs at free Super Bowl concert in Houston... just one day after sister Beyonce revealed she's pregnant with twins Meghan Markle has 'virtually moved in' with Prince Harry reveal friends of the actress as the pair enjoy a dinner date in London  'To the next level' 'Stop reaching!' Kylie Jenner, 19, calls fans 'f***** idiots' for claiming she wanted to make her waxwork's skin color darker than it really is Lambasted fans Handsome model David Gandy cuts a dapper figure in a dark camel coat as he steps out for lavish cocktail party Looking dapper  After the dramatic bus crash, life in Walford was (unfortunately) back to 'normal' in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley Anti-climatic Great guns! Chris Hemsworth's MASSIVE bulging bicep once again takes centre stage as fan tries to get in a selfie with star Australian actor 'I love you too dude': Kristen Stewart hypes Saturday Night Live hosting debut with Leslie Jones In a series of promotional clips for the NBC comedy PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Home sweet home! Neighbours welcome the Obamas back to their $4.3 million new D.C. home after their luxury break Kim Kardashian shows some leg in thigh-high lace-up boots as she steps out in NYC after meeting with French authorities for a second day in a row Blonde bombshell! Kim Basinger is back and how... as she wows on the red carpet in low-cut black gown at premiere of Fifty Shades Darker A part in erotic trilogy Miley Cyrus' sister Noah wears sheer dress to Fifty Shades Darker premiere in Los Angeles Make Me (Cry) songstress decided to show off her own flair Ferne McCann flashes her abs in a crop top as she films herself having non-surgical liposuction on her stomach after bum lift Back at it  'Not sure if I have the same confidence': Coco Austin shares throwback pic from racy car calendar shoot The 37-year-old shared a racy throwback pic Juliette Lewis shows off her svelte frame in skinny jeans with a khaki coat and hat while catching flight at LAX The actress cut a casual figure in skintight denim Blue jean baby! Paris Jackson wears crop top and denims with frayed cuffs as she enjoys a concert night out in LA Spotted leaving James Arthur's LA concert  Keri Russell wears minimal makeup as she steps out in skinny jeans and ankle boots while on the move in New York city Natural beauty Bundled up beauty! Zoe Kravitz dons blue duster coat with trousers and a heavy navy scarf while holding hands with boyfriend Karl Glusman She doesn't look a day older! Elle Macpherson, 52, shares a sweet throwback bikini photo of herself at the beach with her two sons in 2005 She's ripped! Kourtney Kardashian wears torn jeans and biker jacket as she takes daughter Penelope to Beverly Hills gallery Just back from holiday America's Next Top Model judge Tyson Beckford pulls GUN on process server outside his Miami apartment  A look back at Minogue's ill-fated relationships including her failed 'engagement' to Olivier Martinez as she 'splits from fiancé Joshua Sasse' ' 'She always wanted kids and I never did': Dannii Minogue spoke about her sister Kylie's, 48, hopes for a baby earlier this year Ended engagement Beyonce the work of art: Queen Bey's pregnancy photo series echoes famous paintings featuring Venus and the Virgin Mary Lena Dunham sports aggressive pink eyeshadow as she teams up with Girls cast at premiere of final season Heavy make-up Can't make up your mind? Allison Williams wears trousers AND a dress at premiere of Girls final season That's how you make an entrance... and an exit Leslie Mann looks smitten with Judd Apatow at Girls premiere... after revealing argument with daughters over 'inappropriate' snaps Leggy display! Erin McNaught flaunts her trim pins and flashes white lace bra in a thigh-skimming denim frock as she enjoys a pamper session 'She's the vilest woman I've ever met in my life': CBB's Coleen Nolan rants about Kim Woodburn as Nicola McLean vows to 'never to see her again'  'Prep with my man': Ellen Pompeo brings newborn son Eli to work as she gets ready for directorial debut on Grey's Anatomy Behind the scenes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Georgia May Jagger and Grumpy Cat make it a date: Party team up for party in Germany to celebrate calendars  Is she fur real? Selma Blair wears red coat reminiscent of bath robe with animal hair trim around Los Angeles Looked like a very cosy cover up Part of the squad! Kelsea Ballerini says pal Taylor Swift taught her how to deal with fame as she covers Billboard magazine 'I'm really disappointed to be out!' Vogue Williams forced to QUIT The Jump just days before anticipated launch after suffering serious knee injury Babies, let's get in Formation! Beyonce 'set to perform at this year's Grammy Awards' after revealing she's pregnant with twins No slowing down That's quite the pregnancy album! Beyonce displays her baby bump in underwater video after announcing she's having twins Red hot! Emma Roberts shows off her new fiery colored hair as she leaves the salon in Hollywood Sporting freshly coloured tresses 'Call your senator': Amy Schumer continues anti-Trump activism by urging fans to oppose 'unqualified' Education Secretary pick Betsy DeVos 'I'm a sex goddess!' Teen Holly Willoughby, 18, grabs her assets as she makes saucy profession in sizzling throwback lingerie ad 'You have to bite the bullet': Kristen Stewart admits she is dreading her SNL hosting debut on Saturday Even if vampires don't make her flinch Khloe Kardashian helps Lauren lose 50 pounds and reconnect with her dead father on E! reality show Revenge Body With a celebrity trainer Making waves! Karlie Kloss sports curly locks and monochrome mini dress  during high fashion Vogue photo shoot at Sydney's Bondi Beach Lena Dunham admits she crossed 'boundaries of professionalism' as she reveals she once 'made out' with a Girls guest star  James Corden jokes about being the lowest paid late night talk show host on television... ahead of Grammys hosting gig But he's hit the big time... 'I've had some really bad hairstyles': Shane Warne reveals style disasters as ex-cricketer celebrates 10 years as an Advanced Hair Studio ambassador Borne this way! Lady Gaga gets police escort to NRG Stadium in Houston as she rehearses for Super Bowl Halftime Show  She's all fired up 'Yo I made it!' Rihanna steps out in biker chic ensemble... after celebrating Mariah Carey wearing her Fenty heels to the GYM Dressed in all black In bed with Hilary Duff! Star shows off her legs while wearing only panties and a T-shirt on Instagram A long way from being a self-conscious teen Is this the end of underwear? Why stars are forgoing bras and pants on the red carpet (and why they believe it makes them look more CLASSY) Victoria's Secret stars Jasmine Tookes, Martha Hunt and Taylor Hill bring the heat to Miami with sizzling bikini photo shoot Trio of Angels  Lily-Rose Depp goes on spending spree at Chanel in Beverly Hills... amid reports of dad Johnny's ongoing financial woes Karl Lagerfeld's muse Make-up free Julia Roberts, 49, looks bright as she goes shopping for interior decor with daughter Hazel in Malibu Had a stylish wintry get-up Just like mom! Rumer Willis stars in Gap campaign paying homage to mother Demi Moore and her 1990 ad Just like her famous mother Demi Kate Moss, 43, goes completely naked for W magazine as she joins Jennifer Lopez, Jessica Chastain, Taraji P Henson and Donatella Versace Quite the treat! Sara Gilbert has mother-son date with Rhodes at Jessica's Biel's pricey Au Fudge restaurant in Los Angeles Spoiling her little boy  A look at Shanina Shaik and fiancé DJ Ruckus' $100,000-a-month Miami rental property with incredible waterfront views and a heated swimming pool  Miranda gets her dream role in Annie: Actress in final negotiations to play Miss Hannigan when musical moves into the Piccadilly Theatre  'F*** you Price is Right!': Aaron Paul aims for game show redemption with the help of James Corden 17 years after walking away a loser A gloomy affair is saved by the belle: The Glass Menagerie is glum but Cherry Jones gives a fine turn, writes QUENTIN LETTS   SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Who silenced royal rebel Lady Amelia? Duke of Kent's granddaughter deletes her Instagram account  Upbeat Elbow go out on a limb: Little Fictions is a slow-burning blockbuster, writes ADRIAN THRILLS  JAN MOIR: Apple Tree Yard and a brutally real portrait of a wife in crisis  It caused controversy and divided opinion Coco Austin puts on a busty display as she steps out with baby Chanel... as Ice T proudly reveals his daughter has inherited his 'mean mug' Focused on family: Bethenny Frankel spends some quality time time with daughter Bryn after nasty drama with her ex Family first Making a dog's dinner of it! CBB's Jedward and Bianca Gascoigne try not to gag as they're forced to eat unsavoury 'mystery can' Not good enough to eat Tallia Storm flaunts her tanned and toned legs in a sequinned silver mini dress and chunky black ankle boots at fashion party Leggy lady Making them green with envy! Camilla dazzles in a velvet gown as she brings some glamour to the British Asian Trust dinner in London  'If there's anyone designed to deal with it, it's her': Meghan Markle's on-screen Suits fiancé Patrick J. Adams approves of her royal romance 'She's the love of my life': Scott Disick declares Kourtney Kardashian is the one in KUWTK trailer...before getting cuddly with beauties in Miami 'The shoot is not soft porn, it is actual fashion': Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm defends posing naked for Playboy Make-up free Cindy Crawford shows off her svelte figure in skintight jeans and plunging white top ahead of 51st birthday Fit at 50 Enjoying a bit too much Pillowtalk? Pop heartthrob Zayn Malik sports a serious case of bed head as he enjoys shopping trip in Beverly Hills Going solo! Taylor Swift releases filmed acoustic rehearsal of I Don't Wanna Live Forever... without singing partner Zayn When two become one 'I didn't want to play a crack addict': Naomie Harris reveals she initially turned down Moonlight because of 'negative portrayals of women' in film That's one way to go viral! Mariah Carey poses in racy lingerie as she streams Facebook Live video...and hits one million views in first hour Busty Preeya Kalidas flashes her legs in a glamorous baby blue gown with dramatic ruffles at British Asian Trust dinner Blue-tiful Master and Apprentice! Arnold Schwarzenegger lunches with Mickey Rourke... after hitting back at Trump over ratings  Celebrity yearbook photos including Jimmy Kimmel in a tacky prom shirt, Tina Fey clutching a rose and a baby-faced Amy Adams are brought to life for Super Bowl ad Keke Palmer reveals truce with Trey Songz after claims he filmed her without her consent as she puts on another fashion show in New York You're fired! Gloomy Ivanka is pictured leaving DC home after Nordstrom drops her fashion brand amid angry boycott by thousands of women 'I can't wait to share our journey': New mum Stephanie Davis dotes over baby son Caben-Albi in adorable video  Preparing to raise her newborn alone 'I have three hearts': Pregnant Beyoncé strips NAKED to show off her baby bump in intimate snaps after announcing she is expecting twins  'Having twins is the most incredible experience ever!' Mariah Carey congratulates pal Beyonce after baby news   'Targeting the weakest does not show strength,' Angelina Jolie pens op-ed for the New York Times about refugee policy  Scarlett Johansson flaunts her famous curves in nude-looking suit in a sneak peek of her new movie Ghost In The Shell ahead of trailer  Naked tummy! Gigi Hadid models crop top that exposes her belly button and adds leather jacket to help keep out chill in NYC Tum's the word 'You made a reputation by showing your knockers!' CBB's Kim Woodburn takes aim at 'vile little creature' Nicola McLean as she's branded 'scum' Wigged out! Oprah Winfrey looks virtually unrecognisable in crimped blonde hairpiece on Los Angeles set of A Wrinkle In Time EXCLUSIVE Tequila shots, karaoke and a VERY A-list crowd: Behind-the-scenes at Harry Styles' 23rd birthday bash with Adele and Cindy Crawford Forgotten something? Lisa Appleton struggles to contain her ample assets as she dons a pair of tiny bikini briefs in Spain She always turns heads EXCLUSIVE: Timbaland's divorce lawyer slaps a lien on the music producer's $5 million Miami mansion for unpaid bills Pricey The apple of his (Beady) Eye! Liam Gallagher's son Gene sports similar haircut and same distinctive eyebrows as rocker dad on shopping spree 'It's time for us to embrace': Matthew McConaughey says celebrities should accept Trump is president and 'be constructive' 'This performance is for everyone': Lady Gaga talks up 'athletic' halftime show at Super Bowl after dancing in her underwear backstage Bikini-clad Kim Zolciak calls her husband Kroy Biermann 'sexy' as she posts photo of him in a very tight Speedo during beach getaway Fun in the sun J.C. Penney defends Beyonce using her own lyrics after critics snidely suggest that her 'awkward' pregnancy photo was taken at the retailer's portrait studio Fans accuse Beyoncé of copying M.I.A.'s music video for her maternity shoot - just months after the Sri Lankan rapper said Bey stole her sound What controversy? Mel Gibson smiles as his upcoming police brutality film Dragged Across Concrete sparks a social media backlash 'I get paid quite well to not be biased!': Rylan Clark-Neal hits out at claims CBB BOTS is unfair to housemates... as he confirms he'll still host the spin-off show  Drew Barrymore wanted 'ultra-traditional' upbringing for her two daughters as she calls split from husband her 'worst nightmare'  Back to basics Jamie Dornan flaunts his muscular physique as he showcases impressive pommel horse trick on Conan O'Brien Impressive Looking extra pouty! Rumer Willis shows off bigger lips as she attends opening of new basement bar in New York Getting lippy Selena Gomez is nominated for Kids' Choice Award as her current beau The Weeknd goes up against ex Bieber in 2017 nominations Oops, she did it again! Britney Spears suffers an EPIC wardrobe malfunction as she exposes her bare breast during Las Vegas show Kanye West is reprimanded by CFDA for his 'bad behavior' after failing to liaise with NYFW organizers about his Yeezy Season Five show Kim Kardashian looks slimmer than ever as she flaunts her gym-honed figure in black bikini alongside sister Kourtney during family getaway in Costa Rica Nicki Minaj invests in huge security upgrade for mansion following brazen thieves steal $200K worth of property and trash her home  Taking no chances 'I started doing hard drugs at age 12': Khloe Kardashian listens as latest Revenge Body contestant reveals she turned to meth to get thin 'We need a security guard 24-7': Kim Kardashian amps up protection for family in KUWTK sneak peek following armed heist Harrowing news Jennifer Connelly opts for a low-key look in a navy coat and beanie as she enjoys a stroll with husband Paul Bettany in New York Feeling the chill Oscar-winning Leonardo DiCaprio gets his meat seasoned by viral meme sensation Salt Bae at the chef's Dubai steakhouse  Just a sprinkle  Feeling Ferry saucy! Geordie Shore's Chloe leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her ample assets and tiny waist in skimpy lingerie Ola Jordan and Heidi Montag look worse for wear as they twerk up a storm during wild night out with husbands James and Spencer Justin brings Bieber Fever to the Super Bowl with wacky dance moves as he honours the history of touchdown celebrations in new advert 'Things just didn't work out': Singer Ella Eyre 'amicably' ends her two-year relationship with Rixton drummer Lewi Morgan Sad news  Kim Kardashian relives horror of Paris jewel heist by testifying in New York after a judge flew to meet her to identify armed men who robbed her at gunpoint CBB's Bianca Gascoigne puts on an eye-popping display as she poses provocatively in lingerie for racy pre-show photo shoot EXCLUSIVE 'I love to mix it up!': Ellie Goulding reveals the secrets behind her stunning athletic shape She's a fitness enthusiast  Alesha Dixon dares to be different in sexy leather mesh dress with sheer skirt as she joins glam Amanda Holden at Britain's Got Talent auditions in Birmingham Victoria Beckham shows off slim figure in chic trousers and polo-neck for shopping trip ... but STILL keeps her favourite sunglasses on in drizzly London Don't let mum and dad see! Brooklyn Beckham tucks into HUGE baguette during London day out without health fanatic parents David and Victoria  'I've got my priorities really in order!': Rob Lowe laughs as Jimmy Kimmel ribs him over job ad for assistant who can turn on his jacuzzi and arrange massages 'I really fell in love': Iskra Lawrence posts lingerie selfie as she reveals she's learned to accept her curves while inspiring women to celebrate their bodies 'Everybody's looking': New Fifty Shades Darker trailer reveals glamorous Masquerade Ball sequence A new promo has debuted  'I'm more nervous on runways now' than when I was 21': Naomi Campbell, 46, admits she feels 'vulnerable' on the catwalk alongside younger models 'I'd love to be with Kate Middleton!': Drew Barrymore reveals she fancies the Duchess of Cambridge... as she jokes about being 'naughty in my forties' 'Breakouts have made me stay in my house all day': Ashley Benson opens up about her struggle with acne at the launch of a spot-reducing gel product Johnny Depp brands former business managers 'reprehensible' after details of his spendthrift $2million-a-month lifestyle emerge  McQueen Bey! Hollyoaks' pregnant matriarch Myra recreates THAT Beyonce baby pic... yet swaps designer lingerie for sports top and cardi Lottie Moss cuts a demure figure in lace-up jeans and fur coat as she hits the town for casual night out Certainly looked the part of a fashion model  It's Patsy TANsit! Actress overdoes the bronzer as she dons workout gear for energetic jog in the rain Not exactly tanning weather in London 'It left me bereft': Kris Marshall quits Death In Paradise after Caribbean filming separated him from his family... as fans mourn 'heartbreaking' news No dramas! Danielle Lloyd steps out in double denim after furiously denying Nicola McLean's claims she attended her wedding to Jamie O'Hara CBB's Nicola McLean flaunts her ample assets in racy lace lingerie as she poses for saucy pre-show shoot WAG and glamour model, 35 'It's a disaster!': Make-up free Dakota Johnson dons fur coat at LAX airport after revealing everything she says turns sexual Only the best for the Lord! Scott Disick stayed in $12,500 a night suite in Miami after fleeing Kardashian Costa Rican getaway 'I've never met a hater whose life I wish I had': Gabrielle Union bites back at mean girls as she flaunts her fabulous figure at 44 in Women's Health Trump requests prayers for Arnold Schwarzenegger and his Apprentice ratings... as his replacement suggest they switch jobs  'WAKE UP & JOIN THE RESISTANCE': Sarah Silverman calls for a military coup to overthrow President Trump Controversial statement Twinning! Cindy Crawford's son Presley Gerber steps out with girlfriend Lily - whose model good looks will fit right in Strictly's rumoured new head judge Gary Edwards suffers 'TV fail' when he continuously refers to Len Goodman as a 'matriarch' rather than a patriarch Imogen Thomas displays her curves in colourful swimwear at the launch of her new collection... as she reveals her relationship has lost its spark Gaz Beadle transforms into a naughty pensioner as he hits the gym and chats girls up in hilarious prank ahead of Spring Break with Grandad launch Just like Linda! Lusardi's daughter Lucy Kane shows an uncanny resemblance to her mum... as she 'blows judges away on The Voice End of an era! Designer Riccardo Tisci leaves Givenchy after 12 YEARS with the French fashion house - as rumors suggest he is heading to Versace Move over George! Adorable Prince of Bhutan proves himself a contender for world's cutest royal baby as he poses for his first birthday portrait Nick Gordon steps out on second anniversary of the day girlfriend Bobbi Kristina was tragically found unresponsive in bathtub 'I love having her around again': Brooke Vincent reveals she was instrumental in her on-screen sister Helen Flanagan's return to Coronation Street Drinking problems! Coronation Street viewers spot a major props blunder when Kate serves Toyah a glass of wine from an EMPTY bottle Who said acting was easy? Joanne Froggatt shelters from the rain as she braves freezing conditions while filming Liar in Kent Alice Eve oozes classic Hollywood glamour in a sophisticated all-black ensemble as she enjoys a low-key dinner in LA British beauty Gigi Hadid wears nothing but a tiny miniskirt as she goes braless for tasteful LOVE magazine shoot Stunning black and white snap  That's a butt rude! Rita Ora is cheeky in see-through gym pants ... as she steps out in LA after congratulating Beyonce on her pregnancy news What a view! Will pregnant Beyonce still perform at Coachella? Singer's April headline slot is uncertain after announcement she's expecting twins The adorable moment Prince Harry pranks an unimpressed school boy with the 'wrong shoulder' trick (and acts surprised when the joke's turned on him) Bella Thorne flaunts her taut tummy as she works up a sweat with her wild moves while leading a dance class Energetic night! Heidi Klum steals the spotlight in a quirky black Victoriana-style ensemble and heavy jewels as she shoots Germany's Next Top Model 'We do get a bit delirious': Rebel Wilson and Anna Kendrick share behind-the-scenes Pitch Perfect 3 video after filming for 15 hours Geordie Shore's Holly Hagan shows off her toned curves as she shares an eye-popping bikini shot from her holiday in Thailand 'I absolutely hate my natural look': Katie Price shares rare 'make-up free' selfie as she takes a break from her hair extensions Ed Sheeran fans hit out at touts after tickets to the British pop star's UK tour were being sold online for up to £1,000 just minutes after going on sale  Racy in red! Lucy Mecklenburgh shows off her stunningly slim figure in chic bikini as she posts yet ANOTHER swimsuit snap from Dubai trip 'Let me come in your changing room!' Trinny Woodall accidentally propositions Phillip Schofield live on This Morning leaving Holly Willoughby in hysterics What a bikini body! Justin Bieber's 'ex' Sahara Ray almost busts out of her skimpy swimwear in racy Instagram snap after THAT lingerie shot Lorraine Kelly can't contain her giggles as she recreates the famous pottery scene from the movie Ghost with Dr Hilary Jones as Patrick Swayze  Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
BUSINESS Technology Everything you need to know about Snapchat and Snap's IPO MN: Corporations In Minnesota Tripplaar Kristoffer / SIPA USA Founded in 2011, Snapchat could soon become part of a publicly traded company. Founded in 2011, Snapchat could soon become part of a publicly traded company. (Tripplaar Kristoffer / SIPA USA) Paresh Dave, David Pierson and Tracey LienContact Reporters Snap Inc., a Los Angeles company that makes one of the world’s most used and recognized smartphone apps, will soon begin trading its stock on public markets. Here are the key details gleaned from the company’s S1 filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. What is Snap Inc.? Snap Inc.’s flagship product is Snapchat — an app that lets people send each other photos and short videos that disappear after being viewed. On average, 158 million people use Snapchat daily, and more than 2.5 billion Snaps are created every day. Snapchat is also a place where people consume media, thanks to partnerships with publishers including CNN, BuzzFeed, Cosmopolitan and Vogue.  Then there’s Spectacles, a pair of sunglasses with a built-in camera that can be used to take snaps. They’re a bit of a novelty, but they help explain why Snap describes itself as a camera company.  A camera company? Here’s how Snap explains its camera-centric vision in its filing: “We believe that the camera screen will be the starting point for most products on smartphones,” the company said. “This is because images created by smartphone cameras contain more context and richer information than other forms of input like text entered on a keyboard. This means that we are willing to take risks in an attempt to create innovative and different camera products that are better able to reflect and improve our life experiences.” How does Snap make money? Like other social media platforms, Snap makes the bulk of its revenue from advertising. During 2016, the company recorded $404.5 million in revenue, up from $58.7 million in 2015. Although that’s almost a seven-fold increase, the company incurs substantial losses. In 2015, the company lost $372.9 million. In 2016, Snap lost $514.6 million.  What stands in the company’s way? Snapchat can't succeed without its young following. Each day, users under 25 visited the app more than 20 times and spent more than 30 minutes on Snapchat on average, according to a company study conducted from October to December of last year. By comparison, users 25 and older used Snapchat about 12 times and spent about 20 minutes on the app per day over the same period. Retaining young users is not assured given the group’s penchant for jumping onto the next cool thing. Snapchat could face new rivals or stiffer competition from apps like Instagram, which has adopted similar features. Snapchat also requires heavy data usage, which would challenge its ability to expand to emerging economies where telecommunications infrastructure remains underdeveloped. Who are the leaders of the company? The company’s chief executive is 26-year-old Evan Spiegel, and its chief technology officer is 28-year-old Bobby Murphy. In its S1, Spiegel is said to be responsible for the company’s “strategic vision,” while Murphy developed the app’s technical foundation. Then there’s Reggie Brown, who sued Snap Inc. in 2013, alleging that Spiegel and Murphy had taken his idea for Snapchat and ousted him from the company. Though the company’s S1 filing does not mention Brown by name, it says that an individual was paid $157.5 million to settle a lawsuit that alleged that Snap was “using certain intellectual property that the individual jointly owned with our founders.”  Who’s on the board of directors? Michael Lynton (CEO of Sony Entertainment) Stan Meresman (Board director of Palo Alto Networks Inc.) Joanna Coles (Chief content officer of Hearst Magazines) Mitch Lasky (General partner at Benchmark Capital) A.G. Lafley (Former chairman of Proctor & Gamble) Scott D. Miller (CEO of G100 Companies) Christopher Young (GM of Intel Security Group) Evan Spiegel (Snap CEO) Bobby Murphy (Snap CTO) Who are its major shareholders prior to the IPO? Spiegel and Murphy are tied for the two biggest shareholders. They're followed by Benchmark Capital (represented by board member Mitch Lasky) and Lightspeed Venture Partners as the only four shareholders with voting power. What would an IPO do? Money raised through an initial public offering would help capitalize the company, potentially funding its growing workforce of nearly 2,000 employees, expansions into new, high-capital markets, and rollouts of additional hardware such as Spectacles, which cost a lot more to produce than software. When is Snap’s IPO? Under the quickest timeline, company executives would begin courting investment pledges from big money management firms in about three weeks before listing its shares in early March. Look for shares to trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol SNAP.  The company, of course, could also pull the plug and choose to remain private if investors seem skittish or the stock market takes a turn for the worse. Caption 4 stories you can't miss Two Republicans senators have defected and will vote against Betsy DeVos for secretary of Education. Could President Trump’s proposed 20% border tax set off an international food fight? Are emails and texts sent on the personal devices of government employees a public record? 22,000 new U.S. factory jobs  could be generated by limiting car imports from Mexico. Two Republicans senators have defected and will vote against Betsy DeVos for secretary of Education. Could President Trump’s proposed 20% border tax set off an international food fight? Are emails and texts sent on the personal devices of government employees a public record? 22,000 new U.S. factory jobs  could be generated by limiting car imports from Mexico. Caption 4 stories you can't miss Two Republicans senators have defected and will vote against Betsy DeVos for secretary of Education. Could President Trump’s proposed 20% border tax set off an international food fight? Are emails and texts sent on the personal devices of government employees a public record? 22,000 new U.S. factory jobs  could be generated by limiting car imports from Mexico. Two Republicans senators have defected and will vote against Betsy DeVos for secretary of Education. Could President Trump’s proposed 20% border tax set off an international food fight? Are emails and texts sent on the personal devices of government employees a public record? 22,000 new U.S. factory jobs  could be generated by limiting car imports from Mexico. Caption UC Berkeley protests against Milo Yiannopoulos turn violent A speech by conservative firebrand and  Milo Yiannopoulos was canceled at UC Berkeley on Wednesday amid violent protests that prompted President Trump to suggest cutting funding to the university. A speech by conservative firebrand and  Milo Yiannopoulos was canceled at UC Berkeley on Wednesday amid violent protests that prompted President Trump to suggest cutting funding to the university. Caption Judge Neil M. Gorsuch accepts Supreme Court nomination Neil M. Gorsuch, a highly regarded conservative jurist best known for upholding religious liberty rights in the legal battles over Obamacare, is President Trump's Supreme Court nominee. Neil M. Gorsuch, a highly regarded conservative jurist best known for upholding religious liberty rights in the legal battles over Obamacare, is President Trump's Supreme Court nominee. Caption L.A. Police Commission reviews the case of a woman who died in an LAPD jail The L.A. Police Commission ruled Tuesday that officers were not involved in the case of a woman who died in an LAPD jail.  The L.A. Police Commission ruled Tuesday that officers were not involved in the case of a woman who died in an LAPD jail.  Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Federal Judge Neil M. Gorsuch is Trump's Supreme Court pick. L.A.'s City Council voted to decriminalize street vending. Trump's team has hinted that some of the temporary travel bans could be extended indefinitely. LAPD officers were not involved in the death of a woman inside a jail cell. Federal Judge Neil M. Gorsuch is Trump's Supreme Court pick. L.A.'s City Council voted to decriminalize street vending. Trump's team has hinted that some of the temporary travel bans could be extended indefinitely. LAPD officers were not involved in the death of a woman inside a jail cell. paresh.dave@latimes.com / PGP Twitter: @peard33 Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Snapchat, Inc. UC Berkeley — home of the free speech movement — finds itself under fire from left, right and Trump Snapchat company's IPO filing might be L.A.'s biggest ever Uber CEO Travis Kalanick quits Trump’s advisory council; Elon Musk will stay on but objects to immigration order Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 59°
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... WWD logo x WWD logo search Close SUBSCRIBE TO WWD logo Fashion Model Call: Jazzelle Tisci's Move to Versace Said Near Karl Lagerfeld Teams With Steiff on Choupette Plush Toy Fendi Approaches Millennials With Dedicated Digital Platform Fashion Trends Fashion Features Fashion Scoops Designer & Luxury Ready-To-Wear Sportswear Intimates Activewear Textiles Denim Street Style Business Change in Command: Vitale Named CEO, Lee Retires Snap’s IPO Snapshot: Big Revenues, Steep Losses Consumer Preferences for Experiential Spending Not Changing Anytime Soon What Next for Ralph After Stefan Larsson Exits? Financial Government & Trade Mergers & Acquisitions Legal Human Resources Marketing & Promotion Retail Markets Media Beauty Yes To Targets Millennials With Splashy Revamp Diptyque Redesigns Le Sablier Hourglass Diffuser Cargo Taps First Influencer for Hawaii-Themed Launch Millennials Turn to Drug Stores for Skin Care Beauty Features Skin Care Fragrance Color Cosmetics Hair Men’s Robert Graham Reenergized for Fall, Launches Ad Campaign Top Trends From the Paris Men's Runways Bill Nye, Simon Doonan Walk in 1st Annual Blue Jacket Fashion Show Gant Launches Tech Prep Shirt Range Retail/Business Fashion Lifestyle Designer & Luxury Sportswear Clothing/Furnishings Runway Represent Men's Fall 2017 Stampd Men's Fall 2017 Willy Chavarria Men's Fall 2017 General Idea Men's Fall 2017 2017 Men’s Spring Collections 2017 Resort 2017 Spring Ready-to-Wear 2016 Fall Ready-to-Wear 2016 Fall Couture 2016 Men’s Fall Collections Accessories Patek Philippe Sees Bright Spot for Luxury Watches in U.S. Market Furla Unveils Second Store in Knightsbridge YSL's Moroccan Lifestyle Inspires New Shoe Collection Spring 2017 Accessories: The 11 Best Long-Lasting Booties Jewelry Footwear Handbags Leather Goods Watches Eyewear Hats, Gloves and More Eye Jill Kargman Speaks at Playground Partners Luncheon Zosia Mamet Hated Her 'Girls' Wardrobe Judith Glickman Lauder Shares Photography Collection in 'Artist's Choice' at the Portland Museum of Art First Lady Melania Trump Taps Interior Designer Tham Kannalikham to Work on White House's Private Quarters Parties People Lifestyle … Summits Retail Markets Media Classifieds Careers Follow Us twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest Advertise About WWD logo Terms & Conditions © Copyright 2017  -  Penske Media Corporation Today's Digital Daily WWD logo Sections Fashion. Beauty. Business. Subscribe Log in Welcome Account Log out search Fashion Fashion Trends Fashion Features Fashion Scoops Designer & Luxury Ready-To-Wear Sportswear Intimates Activewear Textiles Denim Street Style Business Financial Government & Trade Mergers & Acquisitions Legal Human Resources Marketing & Promotion Retail Markets Media Beauty Beauty Features Skin Care Fragrance Color Cosmetics Hair Men’s Retail/Business Fashion Lifestyle Designer & Luxury Sportswear Clothing/Furnishings Runway 2017 Men’s Spring Collections 2017 Resort 2017 Spring Ready-to-Wear 2016 Fall Ready-to-Wear 2016 Fall Couture 2016 Men’s Fall Collections Accessories Jewelry Footwear Handbags Leather Goods Watches Eyewear Hats, Gloves and More Eye Parties People Lifestyle Summits Retail Markets Media Classifieds Careers Business Changes at Barneys: Lee Becomes Chairman, Vitale Named CEO Both executives report to owner Richard Perry. clock 14h • WWD Staff Fashion WWD EXCLUSIVE: Riccardo Tisci Has Exited Givenchy The Italian designer brought heat, showmanship and fashion thrills to the French house. clock 18h • Miles Socha Business Stefan Larsson to Leave Ralph Lauren Corp. President and cheif executive officer Stefan Larsson will leave Ralph Lauren Corp. on May 1. clock 20h • Vicki M. Young Business Technology Snap’s IPO Snapshot: Big Revenues, Steep Losses The company’s registration statement revealed a tech company on the go, and Joanna Coles' pay for her side job on the board. By Evan Clark and Vicki M. Young on February 2, 2017 Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk Snapchat-parent Snap Inc. is looking to move on to the next stage with an IPO. Newscast/REX/Shutterstock Snapchat’s become a fast favorite of fashion and all that advertising love showed up in its parent company’s IPO filing Thursday, which showed a dramatic boost in sales last year. Snap Inc.’s revenues shot up to $404.5 million last year, up from $58.7 million in 2015. However, the company — which is investing heavily in its growth, for instance, introducing its camera-toting Spectacles last year — is still losing a massive amount of money: $514.6 million last year. That’s not expected to temper investor enthusiasm too much, though, and the company’s offering is expected to raise as much as $25 billion. The filing late Thursday also gave a peek at the secretive company’s internal workings. Snap said: “Substantially all of our revenue comes from advertising, so our ability to generate revenue in a particular country depends on the size of its advertising market.” It noted that global advertising spend — especially mobile advertising spend — is extremely concentrated, with more than 70 percent of overall advertising spend and nearly 85 percent of mobile advertising spend coming from the top 10 advertising markets, citing data from International Data Corp. The company also said that “on average, over 60 percent of its daily active users” are from countries on ICD’s top 10 advertising markets. The company said its strategy is to invest in product innovation and “take risk to improve our camera platform,” noting that its focus is to drive user engagement because that can be monetized through advertising. “We use the revenue we generate to fund future product innovation to grow our business,” the company said. The company’s nonemployee directors include Joanna Coles, 54, chief content officer of Hearst Magazines, and A.G. Lafley, 69, former president and chief executive officer of the Procter & Gamble Co. Coles and Lafley are members of the firm’s nominating and corporate governance committee. Lafley is also on the firm’s compensation committee. Coles received total compensation of $110,866 from Snap last year, which included stock awards valued at $75,866 and a cash retainer of $35,000. Lafley received compensation of $2.6 million, which included stock awards valued at $2.5 million and a $200,000 annual cash retainer to cover the costs of his travel to company meetings and events. Lafley’s retainer also is paid quarterly following the completion of each full quarter. You're missing something! Activate your FREE PREVIEW now. Snap Fashion Snapchat Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk load comments blog comments powered by Disqus Essentialist Today's Must Read Business Swatch Group Net Profits Plunge 47% in 2016 clock February 2, 2017 • Haig Simonian Latest Galleries Jill Kargman Speaks at Playground Partners Luncheon Backstage at Raf Simons Men’s Fall 2017 They Are Wearing: New York Men’s Week Fall 2017 FREE ALERTS & NEWSLETTERS SIGN UP PRIVACY POLICY Social Studies @wwd We're taking a look back at Riccardo Tisci's unforgettable moments at Givenchy on WWD.com. Pictured is Beyoncé on the Met Gala red carpet in 2015. (📷: David Fisher) @wwd Maria Grazia Chiuri just made her couture debut for Dior. See the every look from the collection on WWD.com. #wwdfashion @wwd Balmain was all about the accessories. #wwdfashion (📷: @delphineachard) @wwd Sitting pretty at the Balmain Homme men's show in Paris. (📷: Laurent Benhamou) @wwd Sitting pretty at the Balmain Homme men's show in Paris. (📷: Laurent Benhamou) @wwd Spotted: David Beckham at Louis Vuitton's men's show in Paris. 🔁: @thealexbadia @wwd Louis Vuitton just unveiled its collaboration with cult skatewear brand Supreme. See all the looks from the collection on WWD.com. #wwdfashion (📷: @giovanni_giannoni_photo) @wwd Priyanka Chopra takes a spin in a peach Sally LaPointe look at the #pcas2017. Check out our Insta Stories for live coverage from the show. @wwd Demna Gvasalia makes a political statement on the #pfw runway. (📷: @giovanni_giannoni_photo) @wwd Beauty is a birthright. #pfw #wwdfashion (📷: Thibault Camus) More From Our Brands Footwear News Sneakersnstuff and Social Status Collab on Ultra Boosts for the Adidas Sneaker Exchange 5h Ago Fairchild Summits & Events 2017 WWD Digital Forum: Los Angeles 2d Ago Variety Eric Clapton Movie to Be Directed by Oscar-Winner Lili Fini Zanuck 4h Ago BGR Nokia’s Android phones probably won’t live up to the company’s hype 17m Ago Never Miss a Fashion Moment Subscribe Today WWD down caret About Us Advertising Careers Classifieds WWD Magic Legal down caret Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions FAQ Customer Service down caret WWD.com WWD.com + WWD Print WWD Print WWD Archives twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest © Copyright 2017  -  Penske Media Corporation twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest ad
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News February 2017 Fr Th We Tu Mo Su Sa 3 2 1 January 2017 31 30 29 28 UNCF Empower Me Tour Kicks Off in Atlanta Feb. 3, Offering On-site Job Opportunities and Career Prep for College Students Free college-readiness event, presented by Target, inspires HBCU youth to excel in academic, financial and personal responsibility   1 2 3 4 5 UNCF Empower Me Tour UNCF Empower Me Tour UNCF Empower Me Tour UNCF Empower Me Tour UNCF Empower Me Tour Students ATLANTA - Feb. 3, 2017 - PRLog -- The UNCF Empower Me Tour (EMT), a free, traveling college-and-career-readiness roadshow presented by Target, kicks off its spring 2017 tour in Atlanta on Feb. 3 from 10:30 a.m.- 4:30 p.m. at the Atlanta Marriott Marquis. The tour was created eight years ago by founding sponsor Wells Fargo to inspire students to take control of their futures by pursuing a four-year college degree and graduating with an education that prepares them for personal responsibility and careers in the 21st century. "We are honored to support UNCF in providing a pathway to opportunities for deserving students, as we collectively assist students in earning degrees and launching meaningful careers," said Laysha Ward, executive vice president and chief external engagement officer at Target. "The Empower Me Tour has the potential to transform the lives of students by equipping them with the skills needed to become leaders in college and beyond." The kick-off stop in Atlanta will welcome students from UNCF-supported historically black colleges and universities (HBCUs) including Clark Atlanta University, Morehouse College, Interdenominational Theological Center and Spelman College. The EMT is free and is open to non-HBCU students in the area as well. Additional spring 2017 tour stops include UNCF-supported HBCUs Johnson C. Smith University in Charlotte, North Carolina on Thursday, February 16 and Fisk University in Nashville, Tennessee on Friday, March 24. "A college degree is essential to landing a job in today's global economy, and we are excited to have the opportunity to offer interviews for internships and jobs on-site to students attending our upcoming Empower Me Tour stops," said Dr. Michael Lomax, UNCF president and CEO. "Thanks to consistent support from our sponsors and partners in this work, UNCF is able to expand our mission by bringing career-readiness programs directly to HBCU students." "Wells Fargo is thrilled to collaborate with UNCF and bring the Empower Me Tour to Atlanta for students to gain important interview training and job opportunities upon graduation," said Wells Fargo's Director of Strategic Partnerships Gigi Dixon. "We know that education is one of the most important investments we can make in our country, and it is one of our passions to ensure students have access to higher education. This tour makes the dream of higher education a reality for many young people in America by equipping students and parents with the information, tools and resources they need." College students attending one of the three tour stops will receive expert tips on resume writing and job interviews, in addition to financial and personal branding advice. They will also have the opportunity to interview on-site with select companies for internships or first-year job placements. View a complete schedule at empowermetour.org. The UNCF EMT, which is also sponsored by FedEx, Procter & Gamble Co. and Delta Air Lines, will target high school students this fall, equipping them for the rigors of college and offering on-site scholarships and college admissions. During the fall 2016 tour, 280 scholarships were awarded totaling close to $4 million. The fall tour stops will be announced in late spring 2017. For more information on the Empower Me Tour and to register for free, visit www.EmpowerMeTour.org. Follow the conversation on Twitter, Instagram and Facebook: @UNCF #EmpowerMeTour Media Contact Diane Larche' 4042733227 ***@larchecommunications.com Photos: https://www.prlog.org/12617488/1 https://www.prlog.org/12617488/2 https://www.prlog.org/12617488/3 https://www.prlog.org/12617488/4 https://www.prlog.org/12617488/5 End Source : UNCF Email : ***@larchecommunications.com Tags : UNCF HBCU EMT Target Wells Fargo Industry : Education, Finance, Free Location : Atlanta - Georgia - United States Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse Larche' Communications LLC PRs UNCF Atlanta Mayor's Masked Ball With Sheila E. Performing NCNW Greater Atlanta Harlem Renaissance Gala Urban League of Greater Atlanta Equal Opportunity Day Dinner November 19 Marriott Marquis In The Spirit Awards Black & White Gala Saturday Ballethnic Dance Company Presents Soul Survivors- Determination SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
