null
Discover: Waste360 Waste360 Marketplace Waste360 University WasteExpo More Menu Log In or Register The Business Collection & Transfer Energy Fleets & Technology Landfill Organics Recycling Resources Special Reports Waste360 Waste360 Marketplace Waste360 University WasteExpo Subscribe About Us Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad Choices Search Log In Register Recent Recent Cohen Recycling Inc. Considers Acquisition of 100-Year-Old Mindlin Recycling Jun 08, 2017 Industry Looks to Save Waste Minimization and Recycling Program Jun 07, 2017 United By Blue Clears More Than 1M Pounds of Waste from National Waterways Jun 07, 2017 Covanta, Delaware County, Pa., Extend Partnership Jun 07, 2017 Industry Strives to Use Technology to Prevent Accidents Before They Happen Jun 06, 2017 directory Trucks & Parts Continues Steady Growth With Two New Hires Featured John Jennings Highlights Waste Pro’s Challenges, Successes and Goals Jun 01, 2017 How Do High-Tech Trash Trucks Impact Fleet Maintenance? May 31, 2017 Bray Grows Sanitation Solutions from the Ground Up May 25, 2017 Impressions and Insights from WasteExpo 2017 May 23, 2017 Recycling>Plastics Developing a Polypropylene Recycling Infrastructure Brands including Unilever and Procter & Gamble have ambitious goals for use of postconsumer recycled PP in packaging. Bridget Croke | Jun 08, 2017 Recyclers have always been set up to accept a mix of material types and formats, but frequently struggle when the packaging stream evolves. To effectively recycle new material types, all materials need to be easily sorted in a MRF and they must have value and consistent demand in the market. Polypropylene (PP) is a great example of a commodity that was rarely recycled just five years ago, but is now becoming a highly recyclable item through an organized effort to build secondary markets and encourage communities to accept it in residential recycling programs. According to Scott Saunders general manager at KW Plastics, “The recycling of PP tubs and lids only began in 2012. In February of 2012, KW began meeting with MRF operators and offering a home for these materials if they met specifications. At first, the market grew slowly, but just five years later, KW is purchasing 70 million pounds annually and expects to grow that to 100 million pounds in the next few years.” KW and others want this material to be incorporated into durable goods.   Brands including Unilever and Procter & Gamble have ambitious goals for use of postconsumer recycled PP in packaging. And given the growth in the market, brands committed to zero waste including Keurig Green Mountain are shifting entire product lines to 100 percent PP packaging in order to ensure products are recyclable and have a strong end market.  “Our design for recyclability process includes rigorous testing with recyclers and has validated a strong pull for PP containers,” according to Monique Oxender, chief sustainability officer at Keurig Green Mountain. “That pull creates an incentive for better sortation of PP and effective recycling of our product as Keurig converts to white, PP K-Cup pods. Circular material use is at the heart of the design process, creating value for all across the product life cycle.” But in order to fulfill that demand and keep PP out of the landfill, the supply chain needs more volume, high quality supply and additional end markets to accept varying types of polypropylene. The Closed Loop Fund and its investors are investing in systemic solutions to recycling that help unlock bottlenecks like increasing volumes of high value PP and ensuring quality and consistency.   In order to optimize the system to pull PP out of the landfill and into the manufacturing supply chain, we need to invest across the value chain: End Market Development: While brands are driving demand for postconsumer recycled (PCR) PP, those purchase orders need consistent markets for varying quality levels of PP in order to ensure recyclers see the value from sorting and processing this material. For example, Integrico, which makes railroad ties from PCR, can accept any color PP with higher levels of contamination than is acceptable in brand packaging. Processing technology: Recylers need systems hat cost effectively create a quality pellet—both black (as most is today) and a neutral color with better applicability to consumer brand packaging. Models like RePoly PRF in Baltimore aim to prove the opportunity for processing PP as washed flake. Efficient sortation approaches: These may include additional optical sorters at larger MRFs near population centers that have the supply potential needed to make sorting cost effective or secondary MRFs/PRFs that aggregate supply from many MRFs. Eureka in Minnesota’s Twin Cities and Lakeshore Recycling in Illinois both accept and sell PP Convenient curbside access to recycling of this material: Recycling deserts still exist in many parts of the Midwest, Mountain states and in the South. Even in parts of the country with strong recycling rates, multifamily properties often don’t have the same access. We need to continue to invest in collection of recyclables and ensure municipalities let citizens know that their tubs, lids, caps, and containers can go in their recycling carts. Memphis Tenn.  is an example of a major municipality rolling out single stream curbside recycling with clear communications that these materials are accepted. Inspired by our investors who are working to build markets for PP and the clear market need, the Closed Loop Fund has made funding projects that increase supply and value of PP a priority area for 2017. To learn more, click here to review the RFP for PP-related projects.   Additionally, the Closed Loop uses examples like PP to help determine the best ways to invest in the recycling of newer material types and formats that aren’t yet accepted at curbside. We regularly consider proposals for solutions to help expand material types that can be accepted in residential curbside recycling programs in the future. Bridget Croke is vice president of external affairs for the Closed Loop Fund. TAGS: Business 0 comments Hide comments Comment * More information about text formats Text format CommentsPlain text Comments Allowed HTML tags: <em> <strong> <blockquote> <br> <p> Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. PublishLog in or register to comment Home page Save Related How a New Jersey County is Tackling Foam RecyclingJun 07, 2017 Igiugig, Alaska, Makes Recycling a PriorityJun 05, 2017 Researchers Develop New Material to Make Recycling Plastic EasierMay 26, 2017 SC Johnson Turns Recycled Ziploc Bags into Full-Size Garbage BagsMay 23, 2017 Load More Next Article Previous Article About Contact Us Advertise Ad Choices Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow us: Copyright © 2017 Penton
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Toiletries Market Production, Revenue, Price, Development Trend and Key Manufacturers Analysis 2017 ReportsWeb.com has announced the addition of the Global Toiletries Market Research Report 2017 The report focuses on global major leading players with information such as company profiles, product picture and specification.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, June 08, 2017 ) Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD) , market share and growth rate of Toiletries in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast) , covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Get free sample copy of report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001825872/sample Global Toiletries market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Reckitt Benckiser Group Unilever Procter & Gamble Johnson & Johnson Kimberly-Clark Henkel AG Beiesdorf AG L'Oreal Babisil Pigeon Himalaya Wellness Brave Soldier Baxter of California Get more information about Toiletries Market at http://www.reportsweb.com/global-toiletries-market-research-report-2017 On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Lotions (Including Sunscreens) Hair Preparations Face Creams Perfumes Other On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales) , market share and growth rate of Toiletries for each application, including Men Women Kids Get discount on report purchase at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001825872/discount Table of Content 1 Toiletries Market Overview 2 Global Toiletries Market Competition by Manufacturers 3 Global Toiletries Capacity, Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2012-2017) 4 Global Toiletries Supply (Production) , Consumption, Export, Import by Region (2012-2017) 5 Global Toiletries Production, Revenue (Value) , Price Trend by Type 6 Global Toiletries Market Analysis by Application 7 Global Toiletries Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 Reckitt Benckiser Group 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Toiletries Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 Reckitt Benckiser Group Toiletries Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Unilever 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Toiletries Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 Unilever Toiletries Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 Procter & Gamble 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Toiletries Product Category, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 Procter & Gamble Toiletries Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 8 Toiletries Manufacturing Cost Analysis 9 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 10 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 11 Market Effect Factors Analysis 12 Global Toiletries Market Forecast (2017-2022) 13 Research Findings and Conclusion Purchase complete report at http://www.reportsweb.com/buy&RW0001825872/buy/2900 List of Tables and Figures Figure Picture of Toiletries Figure Global Toiletries Production (K Units) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Types (Product Category) (2012-2022) Figure Global Toiletries Production Market Share by Types (Product Category) in 2016 Figure Product Picture of Lotions (Including Sunscreens) Table Major Manufacturers of Lotions (Including Sunscreens) Figure Product Picture of Hair Preparations Table Major Manufacturers of Hair Preparations Figure Product Picture of Face Creams Table Major Manufacturers of Face Creams Figure Product Picture of Perfumes Table Major Manufacturers of Perfumes Figure Product Picture of Other Table Major Manufacturers of Other Figure Global Toiletries Consumption (K Units) by Applications (2012-2022) Figure Global Toiletries Consumption Market Share by Applications in 2016 Figure Men Examples Figure Women Examples Figure Kids Examples Figure Global Toiletries Market Size (Million USD) , Comparison (K Units) and CAGR (%) by Regions (2012-2022) Figure North America Toiletries Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure Europe Toiletries Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure China Toiletries Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure Japan Toiletries Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure Southeast Asia Toiletries Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure India Toiletries Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure Global Toiletries Revenue (Million USD) Status and Outlook (2012-2022) Figure Global Toiletries Capacity, Production (K Units) Status and Outlook (2012-2022) Figure Global Toiletries Major Players Product Capacity (K Units) (2012-2017) Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +91-20-67278686 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Eco Business Logo Log in / Sign up Subscribe to our email newsletters Follow us News Opinion Videos Events Jobs Press Releases Research Industry Spotlight Feature Series Special Reports Regions Australia Europe Hong Kong India Indonesia Japan Malaysia Philippines Singapore Thailand All regions Menu Close Sections Home News Opinion Videos Events Jobs Press Releases Research Publications Industry Spotlight Feature Series Special Reports A-Z Tags About About Us Our Team Contributors Op-ed Guidelines Press Release Guidelines Contact Us Supporting Organisations Subscribe Newsletter Facebook Twitter Linkedin RSS Topics Carbon & Climate CSR Cities Energy Food & Agriculture Green Buildings Lifestyle Manufacturing Policy & Finance Transport Waste Water Regions Australia Europe Hong Kong India Indonesia Japan Malaysia Philippines Singapore Thailand Show all regions Carbon & Climate CSR Cities Energy Food & Agriculture Green Buildings Lifestyle Manufacturing Policy & Finance Transport Waste Water Home Opinion Carbon & Climate Previous   4 big ideas in sustainable business New business models, science-based targets, collaboration, and better marketing: here are the four trends in sustainable business that business leaders are talking about. A mindset of collaboration could define what business leadership means in the 21st century. Image: Alex Prolmos, CC BY-NC 2.0 By Lindsey Longendyke Friday 9 June 2017 Share this story Green initiatives have taken root in the corporate world. Rising numbers of companies have promised to cut emissions, protect forests and watersheds, reduce food waste and take other steps to ensure a sustainable future for all. While President Trump recently decided to withdraw the United States from the Paris Agreement, over 900 American companies announced that they are still in. Behind this momentum are passionate CEOs, conscientious consumers and an increasingly purpose-driven workforce. It’s an exciting time—but there’s still much to do before business, people and the planet reach equilibrium. In mid-May, we brought together our corporate partners for MindShare, two days of open discussion on the challenges and opportunities that lie ahead. As the communications lead, I was listening for trends, shared attitudes and big ideas. Here are four themes that emerged.  WRI’s corporate partners gather for MindShare 2017 to discuss sustainability trends.   1. Follow the science Science-based targets are quickly becoming expected practice among leading American and European companies. When the Science Based Targets initiative launched in 2015, only 40 companies had promised to shrink their carbon footprints to sizes that are compatible with the global goal of limiting temperature rise to less than 2 degrees C (3.6 degrees F). Today—only two years later—more than 266 companies have made this commitment, with new companies joining at an average rate of two per week. Nearly 50 companies, including household brands such as Walmart, PepsiCo and Procter & Gamble, have taken the commitment to the next stage by adopting specific, ambitious targets that have been approved by climate experts.  Corporate sustainability professionals should look into science-based water targets. Flickr/Mitch   The next step is to apply this concept to water. Unlike targets for emissions, which are global in nature, water use targets must be tailored to local conditions. It’s a tricky task. Companies must ask, what are the limits of our watersheds? Who else relies on them? How do we sustainably operate within those limits? For companies with massive water-use needs, such as fabric mills which typically use 200 tons of water per 1 ton of fabric produced, addressing these questions can mitigate serious operational risks and protect local communities. It’s clear that corporate leaders want reassurance that they are doing enough to protect the resources that keep their companies running and that other companies are doing their fair share, too. Arbitrary goals may placate stakeholders, but they won’t stabilise the climate or ensure a long-lasting water supply—only science-based goals can do that. 2. We need new business models for tomorrow’s markets. Between 2009 and 2030, the global middle class is projected to grow by 3 billion people—that’s 10 times the US population. This represents a victory for human development and an exploding market for consumer goods—but also a looming ecological crisis. The elephant in the board room is that companies can’t meet this demand with today’s resource-hungry business models. Some believe that we can thread this needle with efficiency improvements, but our recent research says otherwise. We are on track to triple our use of natural resources by 2050. It is unlikely that businesses can make their products efficiently enough to keep total global resource use constant with today’s levels. The solution: embrace new business models, such as those that allow customers to share and repair physical goods. For example, we need more high-quality, affordable clothing rental services and less cheap fast fashion piling up in landfills. 3. Get savvy with marketing Sustainability professionals often bemoan the fact that consumers are unlikely to purchase products for their environmental benefits alone—but this does not mean that customers can’t be champions of environmentally-friendly products. The Better Buying Lab studies how the same marketing techniques that make potato chips fly off the shelves can drive sales of sustainable food options. Shopping is rarely a careful, rational process—it is what most people do on autopilot on their way home from work at the end of a long day. Thus, people tend to buy: What they’ve bought before What they remember What is socially normal What they notice What meets their needs Sustainability leaders should ask, “How do we work with shoppers’ known behaviours to drive sustainable consumption? 4. We’re in this together You can’t compete for customers if you don’t have resources to make your products. That’s why some competing companies are banding together to tackle environmental risks. For example, in 2010 the Consumer Goods Forum, which represents more than 400 retail and consumer goods companies, approved a resolution to achieve zero net deforestation by 2020 (the group has made some progress, but many companies are still trying to turn this resolution into internal policy). “ How else can we collaborate? What else could we solve if we worked together? This mindset may characterise 21st-century business leadership. Most MBA students have played some version of the Prisoner’s Dilemma, a game where players are tempted to undercut each other but are best served by a collaborative strategy. The same is true with businesses facing resource issues. No single company can solve climate change or save the forests, but together entire industries can make progress against social and environmental challenges while creating more favourable conditions for themselves. At MindShare, we heard attendees asking: How else can we collaborate? What else could we solve if we worked together? This mindset may characterise 21st-century business leadership. Lindsey Longendyke is Communications Officer, Business Center at World Resources Institute. This post is republished from the WRI blog. Share this story Topics Carbon & Climate CSR Lifestyle Manufacturing Policy & Finance Water Regions Tags climate science consumer products COP 21 deforestation economy emissions financing forests natural resources pollution science water security water treatment Advertisement Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Advertisement Most popular Carbon & Climate The 5 funniest reactions to Trump's Paris pull-out The 5 funniest reactions to Trump's Paris pull-out Carbon & Climate The US$5 trillion opportunity Asian businesses cannot afford to ignore The US$5 trillion opportunity Asian businesses cannot afford to ignore Policy & Finance Ladies, here's the world's first responsible investment platform just for you Ladies, here's the world's first responsible investment platform just for you View all news Industry Spotlight Energy How to make renewable energy work for the economy and environment How to make renewable energy work for the economy and environment Cities Sustainability and technology: An 'extraordinary economic opportunity' for cities Sustainability and technology: An 'extraordinary economic opportunity' for cities Energy Keeping it cool: Malaysia looks to district energy systems Keeping it cool: Malaysia looks to district energy systems View all Feature Series Ecosperity 2017: Tomorrow Starts Today How to build a business around the SDGs, and do more with less How to build a business around the SDGs, and do more with less Educating Tomorrow's Leaders The path to a rewarding sustainability career The path to a rewarding sustainability career Palm Oil Conversations What is sustainable palm oil? What is sustainable palm oil? View all Featured Events jun 12 Sweden EUBCE 2017 – 25th European Biomass Conference and Exhibition jun 14 Australia 2017 Renewable Cities Forum jun 14 Australia 2017 Australian Energy Storage Conference & Exhibition jun 14 Kazakhstan Blockchain Conference Astana jul 11 United States of America Intersolar North America 2017 jul 19 Malaysia ARCHIDEX '17 Add an Event View all The SDG Co Asia Pacifics Hub For Collaboration On Sustainable Development An Eco-Business initiative The SDG Co Subscribe Subscribe to our newsletters The best Eco-Business stories, jobs and events delivered to your inbox – daily or weekly. Subscribe Get our weekly newsletter Follow us on facebook Read our stories and particpate in the Eco-Business facebook group. Follow Follow us on facebook Advertisement Supporting Organisations Eco Business Logo Back to top Asia Pacific’s sustainable business community Sections Home News Opinion Videos Events Jobs Press Releases Research Publications Industry Spotlight Feature Series Special Reports A-Z Tags Subscribe Newsletter Facebook Twitter Linkedin RSS About About Us Our Team Contributors Contact Us Supporting Organisations Policy Op-ed Guidelines Press Release Guidelines Privacy Policy © Eco-Business 2009—2017
Your browser is blocking javascript. This might limit your experience on this website SUBSCRIBE FREE NEWSLETTER Breaking News on Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in North AmericaEU editionAPAC edition Headlines Brand Innovation Formulation & Science Packaging & Design Business & Financial Market Trends Regulation & Safety Videos Audios Galleries Internet Live Events Promotional Features Site Archive June 2017 May 2017 Previous months Hot topics Anti-Aging Naturals & Organics Nanotechnology Sustainable Packaging Digital PRODUCT LIBRARY Skin Care Hair Care Color Cosmetics Fragrance Nutricosmetics Packaging Resources All Products Supplier Webinars Videos & Audio Technical Papers Product Brochures Suppliers Events All events Our events Shows & Conferences Other industry events CD Buzz News & Analysis Events Executive interviews Related sites CosmeticsDesign-Europe.comCosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Europe CosmeticsDesign-Asia.comCosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Asia-Pacific Headlines > Business & Financial Read more breaking news     Text size Print Forward Subscribe to our FREE newsletter SUBSCRIBE Sheri McCoy is the only woman leading a beauty company on the Fortune 500 By Deanna UtroskeDeanna Utroske 08-Jun-20172017-06-08T00:00:00Z Last updated on 08-Jun-2017 at 20:10 GMT2017-06-08T20:10:22Z Related tags: Fortune 500, Sheri McCoy, Avon Products, Leadership, CEO, Equality The business magazine has just put out the 2017 edition of its annual list of the most profitable corporations in the US. Among the several personal care and cosmetics companies on the list, only one is lead by a CEO who is a woman. A fact that could be a indication of inequality throughout the industry. Fortune and other news outlets have been highlighting this year’s uptick in the number on women CEOs on the full list of this country’s top companies. “As of 2017, there are 32 female CEOs on the list, meaning that 6.4% of the U.S.'s biggest companies (by revenue) are run by women,” Fortune editors noted yesterday in an item listing only the women. “This is the highest proportion of female CEOs in the 63-year history of the Fortune 500.” Sheri McCoy, CEO of Avon Products is number 27 on that list of 32 leaders. Currently on the Fortune 500, Avon Products ranks number 444. (New Avon, the US business, is now separate and distinct from Avon Products. New Avon has been a privately held company since March of last year, as Cosmetics Design reported .) Other industry corporations that made the 500 this year include Johnson & Johnson (at number 35), Procter & Gamble (36), Colgate-Palmolive (182), Estée Lauder (253), and Clorox (453). Of course, several retailers, as well as specialty chemical suppliers and distributors figure on the list too. Imbalance of power Every beauty company has ready stats on the percentage of women working in their ranks and the number of women in leadership or executive roles. It’s even fashionable to feature women-facing charities as part of a company’s CSR initiatives and to glorify a piece of the supply chain that’s made possible by women farmers or processors. Nonetheless, Sheri McCoy is the only woman leading a beauty company on the Fortune 500. And, “women still constitute only 6 percent of the CEOs on the list and there [are] no black female CEOs [leading Fortune 500 companies]” points out Emily Peck, in her HuffingtonPost article about the 2017 list.  And while in the beauty industry several leading company’s boards of directors are approaching gender balance, it was only a couple of months ago now that Cosmetics Design reported on Sabine Chalmers becoming the first woman to join Coty’s board .  Workplace equality  Despite the efforts of well-meaning HR teams, industry organizations, resolute individuals, and governmental encouragement, workplace equality doesn’t exist on any large scale.  There were signs of progress in beauty late last year. By the end of 2016, six personal care and cosmetics companies had signed on to the Equal Pay Pledge. The pledge is just that, a promise made by the signing companies to make an effort towards compensating women and men equally for equally valuable work contributions. L’Oréal USA and Johnson & Johnson were the first two industry players to sign the pledge when President Barak Obama introduced it during The State of Women Summit in June of last year. 2016 data on employee perception of equal treatment at work, compiled by the site fairygodboss, reflect positively on the beauty industry too. When asked, yes or no, “Do you think men and women are treated fairly and equally at your employer?” 71% of women working in the cosmetics industry said, “yes,” as Cosmetics Design reported . And an anecdote shared with fairygodboss by a project manager at Estée Lauder adds a bit of context: “The leadership is predominantly women; they understand very well women's needs and [are] also less likely to hold stereotypes against women.” This content is copyright protected However, if you would like to share the information in this article, you may use the headline, summary and link below: Sheri McCoy is the only woman leading a beauty company on the Fortune 500 By Deanna UtroskeDeanna Utroske, 08-Jun-2017 The business magazine has just put out the 2017 edition of its annual list of the most profitable corporations in the US. Among the several personal care and cosmetics companies on the list, only one is lead by a CEO who is a woman. A fact that could be a indication of inequality throughout the industry. http://www.cosmeticsdesign.com/Business-Financial/Sheri-McCoy-is-the-only-woman-leading-a-beauty-company-on-the-Fortune-500 Copyright - Unless otherwise stated all contents of this web site are © 2017 - William Reed Business Media SAS - All Rights Reserved - Full details for the use of materials on this site can be found in the Terms & Conditions Related news: Pat Schneider accepts CEO role at Biova Tara Poseley joins Paula’s Choice Skincare as CEO BIA Best Indie Beauty Brand winner Nannette De Gaspé in conversation with Cosmetics Design RELATED TOPICS: Business & Financial, Color Cosmetics, Nutricosmetics, Fragrance, Hair Care, Packaging, Skin Care Subscribe to our FREE newsletter Get FREE access to authoritative breaking news, videos, podcasts, webinars and white papers. SUBSCRIBE Related products Our volunteers feel happier, know why! Provital Group | 19-Jun-2017 | Data sheet The main concern regarding personal care, for people aged 55+ is dry/flaky skin.It is not only a question of image, but it also of qualit... Hello Face, Goodbye Oil Sabinsa Cosmetics | 30-May-2017 | Clinical study Discover an oil control moisturizer made from potent patented ingredients having sebum regulation activity that controls excess oiliness... A New Approach to Environmental Stress Chemyunion | 21-Jun-2017 | Live Supplier Webinar More than 80% of people living in urban areas are exposed to air quality that exceeds the WHO limits. Studies have shown that exposure t... INVINCITY®, the “invincible” weapon against Polluaging® Solabia Group | 22-May-2017 | Product brochure INVINCITY®, Inhibitor of the Aryl-Hydrocarbon (AhR) receptor activation induced by pollution, is a concentrated form of Fucoidans (sulpha... Busy life? How do you support your skin to follow the rhythm? CODIF | 21-Jun-2017 | Live Supplier Webinar After a busy day, a jetlag, a hectic day with children, you always find the energy to become strong again and…to re-start! What about you... Et-VC™ & Azeclair™ : Design for Daily Urban Protection Corum | 16-May-2017 | Case study Et-VC™, a stable, powerful multi-functional vitamin C derivative proven to effectively rejuvenate skin and even out complexion. New rece... Aging Hair Care through the Legendary Power of Baobab TRI-K Industries Inc. | 15-May-2017 | Data sheet Anti-aging for hair is quickly becoming a large and formidable category in hair care. The explanation behind anti-aging of hair can be de... Smart Hair Repair: KeraSym™ Restore Symrise | 10-May-2017 | Product brochure Wheat proteins have long been hair care favorites bringing in the powerful image of one of the oldest and most cherished nourishing grain... INTRODUCING SMART WARMING TECHNOLOGY Symrise | 27-Apr-2017 | Product brochure A warming sensation may completely transform a product experience.  It triggers relaxation, enhances the perception of the formula’... WS SA50TM- Enhanced Aqueous Solubility Technology for Salicylic Acid Tagra | 24-Apr-2017 | Product brochure WS SA50TM - Tagra’s unique technology leads to a significant increase in Salicylic acid water solubility without high-energy investment w... Rejuvenation through epigenetic science Mibelle Biochemistry | 24-Apr-2017 | Case study Inspired by epigenetic science, RoyalEpigen P5 has been designed to delay the aging of skin. Both lifestyles and environmental factors ha... A unique active plant cell complex, consisting of Indian jasmine cells with integrated Gamma Mangosteen, improves general aspect of face Naolys | 24-Apr-2017 | Product brochure Naolys has been the leader in plant cell culture for 14 years, developing innovative, unique active ingredients, with whole plant cells r... Natural peptide to sculpt & contour the jawline TRI-K Industries Inc. | 12-Apr-2017 | Data sheet TRI-K has developed a new botanical based, natural peptide, NaturePep™ Sacha Inchi - the next of their NaturePep™ platform – launched at... Proven Efficacy in Reducing Pollutant Permeation Chemyunion | 10-Apr-2017 | Case study SkinBlitz protects the DNA of cells exposed to pollution, reduces the biomarkers of environmental stress, inhibits hyperpigmentation and... Global Distinctions in Cosmetic Regulations and Marketing IQPC | 27-Mar-2017 | Case study With regulations still evolving from emerging markets, which are incorporating their own standards to ensure consumer safety and transpar... Performance of Sunscreens with Zemea® Propanediol DuPont Tate & Lyle Bio Products | 20-Mar-2017 | Technical / white paper Two underutilized OTC Category 1 sunscreen actives include ensulizole and sulisobenzone. Downfalls of these water-soluble actives are cry... Emollient Solutions: APRINNOVA’S NEOSSANCE® Squalane APRINNOVA | 13-Mar-2017 | Product brochure Formulators have long recognized Squalane’s value as a superior emollient. APRINNOVA’S NEOSSANCE SQUALANE, derived via fermentation of su... Speed up formula development and ensure market requirement, using performance software solutions designed for cosmetic R&D lab Coptis | 16-Mar-2017 | On-Demand Supplier Webinar The Cosmetic product development generates large amounts of data and documents. Proper integration of your raw materials, ingredients, fo... Pycnogenol® Contributes to Skin Hydration and Reduces Pigmentation Horphag | 21-Sep-2016 | Technical / white paper A newly published review in Skin Pharmacology and Physiology on Pycnogenol®, French maritime pine bark extract, reveals supplementation w... Related suppliers Acme Hardesty | APRINNOVA | Chemyunion | INOLEX | IQPC | Mibelle Biochemistry | Sensient Cosmetic Technologies Most Popular News 1The top ten most innovative indie beauty products 2The Estée Lauder Companies announce new leadership for skin care, hair, and color cosmetics brands 3Indie Beauty: Where ideas, inspiration, innovation, and investments happen in the cosmetics and personal care industry today (part 1 of 2) 4DevaCurl acquired 5Fragrance ingredients made via fermentation have arrived on a commercial scale Key Industry Events 09-Jul-2017 Cosmoprof North America Las Vegas, Nevada / Exhibition Read more 06-Sep-2017 ADF&PCD New York City / Conference and exhibition Read more 20-Sep-2017 in-cosmetics Latin America São Paulo, Brazil / Conference and exhibition Read more Access all events listing Products Our volunteers feel happier, know why! Provital Group Hello Face, Goodbye Oil Sabinsa Cosmetics INVINCITY®, the “invincible” weapon against Polluaging® Solabia Group Et-VC™ & Azeclair™ : Design for Daily Urban Protection Corum Aging Hair Care through the Legendary Power of Baobab TRI-K Industries Inc. Smart Hair Repair: KeraSym™ Restore Symrise View All Products Live Supplier Webinars 21-Jun-2017 A New Approach to Environmental Stress Chemyunion 21-Jun-2017 Busy life? How do you support your skin to follow the rhythm? CODIF On demand Supplier Webinars Speed up formula development and ensure market requirement, using performance software solutions designed for cosmetic R&D lab Coptis All supplier webinars Today's Headlines Sheri McCoy is the only woman leading a beauty company on the Fortune 500 Kimberly Mokosso is the new president of Illume L’Oréal launches an in-house app to welcome new hires Promotional Features By Mibelle Biochemistry Content Provided by Mibelle Biochemistry Sea anemone venom for sensitive skin By Mibelle Biochemistry Content Provided by Mibelle Biochemistry Fighting cellulite and fat deposits by stimulating brown fat activity By Mibelle Biochemistry Content Provided by Mibelle Biochemistry Rejuvenation through epigenetic science Weekly / Daily Free Newsletters CosmeticsDesign.com USA CosmeticsDesign-Europe.com CosmeticsDesign-Asia.com Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in North America - Daily Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Europe - Daily Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Asia-Pacific - Daily Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in North America - Weekly Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Europe - Weekly Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Asia-Pacific - Weekly       Skin Care Skin Care Skin Care Hair Care Hair Care Hair Care Color Cosmetics Colour Cosmetics Color Cosmetics Fragrance Fragrance Fragrance Nutricosmetics Nutricosmetics Nutricosmetics Packaging Packaging Packaging Subscribe to our FREE newsletterSUBSCRIBE Related Sites from our Team Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Europe  |  Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Asia-Pacific About us | Editorial Calendar | Site map | All sites | Recommend this Site | Advertise | Contact the Editor | Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookie Policy
Markets BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 How Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway makes most of its money Jordan Wathen, The Motley Fool Jun. 8, 2017, 6:49 PM 4,138 facebook linkedin twitter email print Bill Pugliano/Getty From a humble start as a Massachusetts-based textile mill, Warren Buffett built Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE:BRK-A) (NYSE:BRK-B) into one of the world's largest conglomerates. The company now owns an empire of brands that spans from the second-largest U.S. railroad to smaller businesses like Benjamin Moore paints. Some businesses are real needle-movers, while others are mere afterthoughts that came along for the ride as part of a larger acquisition. Outside its investment profits, only four broad business lines venture into the double-digits as a percentage of its profits. Understanding Berkshire's income statement Unlike most companies, Berkshire Hathaway has a substantial investment portfolio that holds stakes in publicly traded companies. Due to the way accounting works, its investment profits are mostly a function of timing, as they flow into the income statement when investments are sold at a gain. The Motley Fool Last year was a particularly active year for Berkshire's investment portfolio. The company realized gains in Wrigley, Kraft Heinz, Dow, and Procter & Gamble. Naturally, these gains had an outsize impact on its income statement, but it would be folly to assume that they are repeatable, or that investment gains can be predicted for any given year. For this reason, Berkshire's operating businesses are perhaps more important for understanding how the company makes its money. The four segments below are its most important to its profit and loss in any given year. The grab bag: $5.6 billion Last year the manufacturing, service, and retailing businesses took the top spot from Berkshire's insurance units as the leading generator of non-investment profit. This group includes large businesses and familiar names like Lubrizol, Precision Castparts, Fruit of the Loom, Duracell, NetJets, Pampered Chef, and Dairy Queen. I could go on and on...this segment is truly massive! Collectively, these businesses generated revenue of $120 billion just last year. About 40% of this category's revenue comes from McLane, a distributor that sells goods to grocery stores and the general food service industry, but profit margins are minuscule, making it a considerably smaller source of profit than sales. Precision Castparts, a manufacturer of complex metal components used primarily in airplanes and power industries, is a leading driver of its profits in the category. It was acquired in 2015, setting the record for the largest acquisition in Berkshire's history.  Unfortunately, Berkshire shares very little about the individual companies in this group. In the 2016 annual letter to shareholders, Buffett explained that it only discloses the required minimum, for various reasons: "We have far too many companies in this group to comment on them individually. Moreover, their competitors -- both current and potential -- read this report. In a few of our businesses, we might be disadvantaged if outsiders knew our numbers. Therefore, in certain of our operations that are not of a size material to an evaluation of Berkshire, we only disclose what is required." Buffett is more than pleased with this group as a whole, noting that the underlying businesses are rather profitable. The group collectively earned 24% after taxes on their net tangible capital, "despite their holding large quantities of excess cash and carrying very little debt," Buffett wrote in his 2016 letter to shareholders.  The risk business: $5 billion When Buffett took control of Berkshire Hathaway, he immediately began to redirect the cash generated by its textile mills into new industries with better long-term prospects. Insurance rapidly became a core Berkshire Hathaway business, and to this day, it remains a key source of both revenue and profits. Insurance profits are generated in two ways: From underwriting profits (earned when premiums exceed losses and expenses) and investment income (earned by investing the float generated by its insurance businesses). Investment income from a vast stock and bond portfolio generates roughly 73% of its insurers' post-tax income, while underwriting profits make up the other 27%. It is incredibly rare for insurers to be as profitable as Berkshire's, as the industry generally loses money on its underwriting with the hope of making up for underwriting losses with investment gains. GEICO, for example, has been profitable in every year since 2000 on an underwriting basis. In contrast, its largest competitor, State Farm, has consistently generated billion-dollar underwriting losses. I'd argue that Berkshire's insurance companies are the crown jewels of its operating companies given their robust profitability and the fact they generate more than $105 billion of float that Buffett and his portfolio managers can invest as they please. The train set: $3.6 billion Acquired by Berkshire in 2009, BNSF is the second-largest railroad by volume and revenue. It's also a very important driver of profits for Berkshire Hathaway, generating $3.6 billion of profit in 2016, despite a downswing in commodity prices that negatively affected railroad earnings industrywide. Keep in mind that the railroad's profits are somewhat overstated compared to their actual cash profitability. In the last three years, total free cash flow has tallied to $7.6 billion compared to net income of $13.6 billion. Railroads require consistent billion-dollar investments to maintain their rails. Thus, less than 60% of its earnings have come out in the form of cash in the last three years. That's neither good nor bad; it's just the reality of the railroad business, and something to keep in mind when comparing its profits in railroads to its capital-light insurance profits, for example. Berkshire's power plants: $2.3 billion Berkshire Hathaway Energy is a reliable generator of profit, earning $2.3 billion in 2016 primarily from regulated utilities. Buffett likes the utility industry for the simple fact that it allows Berkshire to deploy billions of dollars in capital expenditures and collect an almost royalty-like stream of income from the power they produce over time. Most local power markets allow for the existence of a monopoly to produce and sell power to all consumers and businesses in the area. Profits are therefore almost guaranteed. And when you're as cash-rich as Berkshire is -- the company had more than $96 billion of cash last quarter -- having a reliable place to invest billions of dollars at a reasonable rate of return is a very valuable asset. Jordan Wathen has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Berkshire Hathaway (B shares). The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Read the original article on The Motley Fool. Copyright 2017. Follow The Motley Fool on Twitter. More from The Motley Fool: SEE ALSO: You can have lunch with Warren Buffett — but it will cost you at least $1 million NOW WATCH: Here's how LeBron James reacted when he learned Kevin Durant was joining the Warriors Loading video... More: The Motley Fool Berkshire Hathaway Warren Buffett facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru How Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway makes most of its money How Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway makes most of its money From a humble start as a Massachusetts-based... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured HENRY BLODGET: High valuations mean low expected returns More "The Bottom Line" » First job, first car, first apartment: The smartest things to do with your money in your 20s More "Life Plan" » Markets Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE Join over 60,000 of your peers Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily — for free! US Edition (daily) Canada Edition (weekly) We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties. I accept the Terms and Conditions SUBSCRIBE YES! No Register Sign in A Community for Professionals in Private Capital PE HUB Network News Briefs Opinion Videos Members Emerging Managers NVCA Blog Buyouts Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room Buyouts Magazine Subscriber Tips VCJ Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room VCJ Magazine Subscriber Tips Pratt’s Online PartnerConnect Events Shop US Select Edition Canada US PE HUB Network News Briefs Opinion Videos Members Emerging Managers NVCA Blog Buyouts Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room Buyouts Magazine Subscriber Tips VCJ Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room VCJ Magazine Subscriber Tips Pratt’s Online PartnerConnect Events Shop US CANADA Log In PE-backed Sovos Brands to buy pasta sauce producer Rao’s Specialty Foods June 8, 2017 By Iris Dorbian Sovos Brands, which is backed by Advent International, has agreed to acquire Rao’s Specialty Foods Inc, a producer of pasta sauce. No financial terms were disclosed. Morgan Stanley is serving as financial adviser to Rao’s Specialty Foods on the transaction. PRESS RELEASE BERKELEY, CA, and NEW YORK, June 8, 2017 – Sovos Brands, a new food and beverage company formed by Advent International, today announced that it has agreed to acquire Rao’s Specialty Foods Inc., the producer of Rao’s Homemade, the leading brand of super premium pasta sauce made with only the highest quality natural ingredients. The transaction is expected to be completed during the third quarter of this year. Financial terms were not disclosed. Rao’s Specialty Foods is the second acquisition in less than six months for Sovos, which seeks toacquire and build value in one-of-a-kind food and beverage brands. In January 2017, the company purchased Michael Angelo’s Gourmet Foods, a leading producer of premium, authentic frozen Italian entrées. Headquartered in Berkeley, CA, and led by seasoned consumer packaged goods executives, Sovos focuses on high-quality brands in on-trend categories with the potential to accelerate growth by investing in distribution, marketing, production and product innovation. Rao’s Homemade is an iconic brand with a storied heritage dating back to the opening of Rao’s Italian restaurant in East Harlem, New York, in 1896. Established in 1992, Rao’s Specialty Foods produces super premium pasta sauce, known for its commitment to the highest quality ingredients, clean label and superior taste profile. Rao’s Homemade contains no tomato blends, paste, water, starches, fillers, colors or added sugar like many of the other leading brands. In addition to sauces, the company offers a selection of premium dry pasta, dressings, marinades, olive oils, vinegars, tomatoes and fire-roasted red peppers. “Rao’s Specialty Foods is a great addition to the portfolio we are creating of one-of-a-kind brands in the food and beverage sector,” said Todd Lachman, President and CEO of Sovos Brands. “Its unwavering commitment to authentic, delicious-tasting products using only the highest quality ingredients aligns with our strategy of partnering with unique brands that are in demand with discerning consumers. Working alongside the company’s talented management team, we see numerous opportunities to grow the Rao’s Homemade brand and expand Rao’s Specialty Foods into adjacent food categories.” “We are thrilled to join the Sovos Brands family,” said Eric Skae, Chief Executive Officer of Rao’s Specialty Foods. “Since 1992 we have been the leading brand in the premium pasta sauce category by a wide margin, and as we enter our 25th year, we are committed to maintaining our top position in the space. With the resources and expertise of Sovos and Advent, we will be in an even stronger position to pursue the significant growth opportunitiesahead of us. We look forward to expanding our product offering and introducing more consumers to the authentic taste of our pasta sauces and other specialty foods.” Jim Morano, President of Rao’s Specialty Foods, added, “As we continue to grow the business, we will remain true to our co-founder Frank Pellegrino Sr.’s vision for our recipes, which as Frank said, is ‘to use the fewest number of ingredients and take the fewest number of steps. Good cooking is simple. It’s called ‘pulito’ – Italian for ‘pure, clean.’ That’s the right way to cook. That’s what we do. That’s how we do it.’” Spearheading the acquisition and value creation initiatives at Sovos Brands is a team headed by Mr. Lachman, Larry Bodner, CFO, and Bill Johnson, Chairman. Mr. Lachman has a 25-year record of delivering growth and value creation as a senior executive at major consumer products companies, including Mars, Del Monte Foods, H.J. Heinz and Procter & Gamble. Mr. Bodner has over 25 years of experience as a performance-driven financial executive at companies including Big Heart Pet Brands, Del Monte Foods, Walt Disney and Procter & Gamble. Mr. Johnson was formerly chairman, CEO and president of H.J. Heinz, where he had a distinguished 31-year career, transforming the company into a global food industry leader. “Sovos Brands is making great progress on its strategy to establish a scale player in the consumer packaged goods industry,” said Jeff Case, a Managing Director at Advent International. “We continue to work with the Sovos team to support and grow its brands and acquire other leading branded players offering delicious food that meets today’s consumer demand for high-quality, clean ingredients.” The transaction does not include the iconic Rao’s restaurants in New York, Las Vegas and Los Angeles, which will remain under current ownership. Advent International has significant investment experience in the retail, consumer and leisure industry. Over the past 27 years, the firm has invested more than $9 billion in 71 companies in the sector across 21 countries worldwide. In addition to Sovos Brands, recent North American investments include Noosa Yoghurt, lululemon athletica (NASDAQ: LULU), The Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf, Serta Simmons Bedding, Party City (NYSE: PRTY), Bojangles’ (NASDAQ: BOJA) and Five Below (NASDAQ: FIVE). Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC is serving as exclusive financial advisor and Morrison & Foerster LLP is serving as legal advisor to Rao’s Specialty Foods on the transaction. Weil, Gotshal & Manges is serving as legal advisor to Sovos Brands and Advent International. ABOUT RAO’S SPECIALTY FOODS Founded in 1992, Rao’s Specialty Foods is a leading producer of super premium pasta sauce, with Rao’s Homemade ranking as the leading brand in the super premium pasta sauce segment. In addition to sauces, Rao’s Specialty Foods offers a selection of premium dry pasta, dressings, marinades, olive oils, vinegars, tomatoes and fire-roasted red peppers. Rao’s Specialty Foods provides customers with high-quality products made with homemade ingredients, including 100% Italian tomatoes. Find out more about Rao’s Specialty Foods at www.raos.com. ABOUT SOVOS BRANDS Sovos Brands is a new kind of food and beverage company with a mission to acquire and build one-of-a-kind brands. The first brand in its portfolio, Michael Angelo’s Gourmet Foods, is a leading producer of premium, authentic frozen Italian entrées. Sovos Brands has the soul of a startup, the experience of an industry leader and the financial backing of Advent International, one of the world’s largest private equity firms. The company has a one-of-a-kind approach to brands, business and people—in fact, the only thing that’s old school about the business is the name, inspired by the old Latin term sovos, which means unique or one of a kind. This one-of-a kind vision leads the company’s focus on people and brands, working to ensure that both can really thrive. Find out more about Sovos Brands at www.sovosbrands.com and Michael Angelo’s Gourmet Foods at www.michaelangelos.com. ABOUT ADVENT INTERNATIONAL Founded in 1984, Advent International is one of the largest and most experienced global private equity investors. The firm has invested in 325 private equity transactions in 40 countries and as of December 31, 2016, had $41 billion in assets under management. With offices on four continents, Advent has established a globally integrated team of over 180 investment professionals across North America, Europe, Latin America and Asia. The firm focuses on investments in five core sectors, including business and financial services; healthcare; industrial; retail, consumer and leisure; and technology, media and telecom. After more than 30 years dedicated to international investing, Advent remains committed to partnering with management teams to deliver sustained revenue and earnings growth for its portfolio companies. For more information, visit www.adventinternational.com. Take your pick! Buyouts delivers exclusive news and analysis about private equity deals, fundraising, top-quartile managers and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now. VC Journal provides exclusive news and analysis about venture capital deals, fundraising, top-quartile investors and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now. Sign up to our Newsletter Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters: First Name: Last Name: Email Address: US Edition (daily) Canada Edition (weekly) We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties. I accept the Terms and Conditions You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER. Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected] . Top Posts Vista to acquire Lithium Technologies by Iris Dorbian Vista Equity seeks buyer for Omnitracs: WSJ by Luisa Beltran Vista to buy Xactly for about $564 mln by Iris Dorbian Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Goldman Sachs, Hamilton Lane, the UN are hiring by Eamon Murphy CD&R to buy HD Supply’s Waterworks business for $2.5 bln by Luisa Beltran Sequoia raises $2 bln for global growth fund, additional capital for China, India funds by Mark Boslet Aquiline acquires OSG Billing Services by Iris Dorbian Thoma Bravo to acquire Riskonnect by Iris Dorbian © 2006-2017 Buyouts Insider / Argosy Group LLC About Contacts FAQ Guest Column Guidelines Terms of Use Disclaimer Privacy Policy Copyright (c) Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC. Reproduction in any form is prohibited without written consent by Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC.
Latest News Dow 21,183 +8.84 +0.04% Nasdaq 6,322 +24.38 +0.39% S&P 500 2,434 +0.65 +0.03% 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens flat at 12,713.60 3:02 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 250 opens 0.3% lower at 19,686.92 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.2% higher at 5,275.41 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.3% lower at 387.98 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.8% higher at 7,504.09 3:00 A.M. ET Dollar rises, pound hits 7-week low as U.K. heads for ‘hung parliament’ 2:47 A.M. ET FTSE 100 futures swing higher as pound sinks to 7-week low 2:42 A.M. ET U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May doesn't plan to resign: reports 2:37 A.M. ET Updated ‘Worst possible outcome’ — analysts react to U.K. early election results 2:34 A.M. ET Updated Pressure mounts on U.K. PM May to resign as Conservatives set to lose majority 2:14 A.M. ET I Don't Do Windows—the Robots Do 1:48 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 futures up 0.2%, turning higher as pound slides 1:03 A.M. ET Copycats of Chinese Tech Pop Up in U.S. 12:58 A.M. ET Oil prices pinned down by strong dollar, supply worries 6/08 Kakao CEO: Next Messenger Will Be a Virtual Assistant 12:19 A.M. ET Japan passes bill allowing 83-year-old emperor to abdicate 6/08 Moderate uptick in China's May consumer inflation 6/08 Updated U.K. election: So what is a hung parliament? 6/08 The Future of Ride-Hailing Apps, as Seen by Grab 6/08 Updated 2 police officers struck by pickup in Washington D.C. Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Sovos Brands, Backed by Advent International, Announces Acquisition of Rao's Specialty Foods By Published: June 8, 2017 12:01 p.m. ET Share Second acquisition in less than six months advances Sovos' mission to acquire and build leading brands in the food and beverage sector BERKELEY, Calif. and NEW YORK, June 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Sovos Brands, a new food and beverage company formed by Advent International, today announced that it has agreed to acquire Rao's Specialty Foods Inc., the producer of Rao's Homemade, the leading brand of super premium pasta sauce made with only the highest quality natural ingredients. The transaction is expected to be completed during the third quarter of this year. Financial terms were not disclosed. Rao's Specialty Foods is the second acquisition in less than six months for Sovos, which seeks to acquire and build value in one-of-a-kind food and beverage brands. In January 2017, the company purchased Michael Angelo's Gourmet Foods, a leading producer of premium, authentic frozen Italian entrées. Headquartered in Berkeley, CA, and led by seasoned consumer packaged goods executives, Sovos focuses on high-quality brands in on-trend categories with the potential to accelerate growth by investing in distribution, marketing, production and product innovation. Rao's Homemade is an iconic brand with a storied heritage dating back to the opening of Rao's Italian restaurant in East Harlem, New York, in 1896. Established in 1992, Rao's Specialty Foods produces super premium pasta sauce, known for its commitment to the highest quality ingredients, clean label and superior taste profile. Rao's Homemade contains no tomato blends, paste, water, starches, fillers, colors or added sugar like many of the other leading brands. In addition to sauces, the company offers a selection of premium dry pasta, dressings, marinades, olive oils, vinegars, tomatoes and fire-roasted red peppers. "Rao's Specialty Foods is a great addition to the portfolio we are creating of one-of-a-kind brands in the food and beverage sector," said Todd Lachman, President and CEO of Sovos Brands. "Its unwavering commitment to authentic, delicious-tasting products using only the highest quality ingredients aligns with our strategy of partnering with unique brands that are in demand with discerning consumers. Working alongside the company's talented management team, we see numerous opportunities to grow the Rao's Homemade brand and expand Rao's Specialty Foods into adjacent food categories." "We are thrilled to join the Sovos Brands family," said Eric Skae, Chief Executive Officer of Rao's Specialty Foods. "Since 1992 we have been the leading brand in the premium pasta sauce category by a wide margin, and as we enter our 25 [th] year, we are committed to maintaining our top position in the space. With the resources and expertise of Sovos and Advent, we will be in an even stronger position to pursue the significant growth opportunities ahead of us. We look forward to expanding our product offering and introducing more consumers to the authentic taste of our pasta sauces and other specialty foods." Jim Morano, President of Rao's Specialty Foods, added, "As we continue to grow the business, we will remain true to our co-founder Frank Pellegrino Sr.'s vision for our recipes, which as Frank said, is 'to use the fewest number of ingredients and take the fewest number of steps. Good cooking is simple. It's called 'pulito' – Italian for 'pure, clean.' That's the right way to cook. That's what we do. That's how we do it.'" Spearheading the acquisition and value creation initiatives at Sovos Brands is a team headed by Mr. Lachman, Larry Bodner, CFO, and Bill Johnson, Chairman. Mr. Lachman has a 25-year record of delivering growth and value creation as a senior executive at major consumer products companies, including Mars, Del Monte Foods, H.J. Heinz and Procter & Gamble. Mr. Bodner has over 25 years of experience as a performance-driven financial executive at companies including Big Heart Pet Brands, Del Monte Foods, Walt Disney and Procter & Gamble. Mr. Johnson was formerly chairman, CEO and president of H.J. Heinz, where he had a distinguished 31-year career, transforming the company into a global food industry leader. "Sovos Brands is making great progress on its strategy to establish a scale player in the consumer packaged goods industry," said Jeff Case, a Managing Director at Advent International. "We continue to work with the Sovos team to support and grow its brands and acquire other leading branded players offering delicious food that meets today's consumer demand for high-quality, clean ingredients." The transaction does not include the iconic Rao's restaurants in New York, Las Vegas and Los Angeles, which will remain under current ownership. Advent International has significant investment experience in the retail, consumer and leisure industry. Over the past 27 years, the firm has invested more than $9 billion in 71 companies in the sector across 21 countries worldwide. In addition to Sovos Brands, recent North American investments include Noosa Yoghurt, lululemon athletica LULU, -1.01% The Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf, Serta Simmons Bedding, Party City PRTY, +0.93% Bojangles' BOJA, +0.29% and Five Below FIVE, +0.57% Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC is serving as exclusive financial advisor and Morrison & Foerster LLP is serving as legal advisor to Rao's Specialty Foods on the transaction. Weil, Gotshal & Manges is serving as legal advisor to Sovos Brands and Advent International. ABOUT RAO'S SPECIALTY FOODSFounded in 1992, Rao's Specialty Foods is a leading producer of super premium pasta sauce, with Rao's Homemade ranking as the leading brand in the super premium pasta sauce segment. In addition to sauces, Rao's Specialty Foods offers a selection of premium dry pasta, dressings, marinades, olive oils, vinegars, tomatoes and fire-roasted red peppers. Rao's Specialty Foods provides customers with high-quality products made with homemade ingredients, including 100% Italian tomatoes. Find out more about Rao's Specialty Foods at www.raos.com. ABOUT SOVOS BRANDSSovos Brands is a new kind of food and beverage company with a mission to acquire and build one-of-a-kind brands. The first brand in its portfolio, Michael Angelo's Gourmet Foods, is a leading producer of premium, authentic frozen Italian entrées. Sovos Brands has the soul of a startup, the experience of an industry leader and the financial backing of Advent International, one of the world's largest private equity firms. The company has a one-of-a-kind approach to brands, business and people—in fact, the only thing that's old school about the business is the name, inspired by the old Latin term sovos, which means unique or one of a kind. This one-of-a- kind vision leads the company's focus on people and brands, working to ensure that both can really thrive. Find out more about Sovos Brands at www.sovosbrands.com and Michael Angelo's Gourmet Foods at www.michaelangelos.com. About Advent InternationalFounded in 1984, Advent International is one of the largest and most experienced global private equity investors. The firm has invested in 325 private equity transactions in 40 countries and as of December 31, 2016, had $41 billion in assets under management. With offices on four continents, Advent has established a globally integrated team of over 180 investment professionals across North America, Europe, Latin America and Asia. The firm focuses on investments in five core sectors, including business and financial services; healthcare; industrial; retail, consumer and leisure; and technology, media and telecom. After more than 30 years dedicated to international investing, Advent remains committed to partnering with management teams to deliver sustained revenue and earnings growth for its portfolio companies. For more information, visit www.adventinternational.com.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/sovos-brands-backed-by-advent-international-announces-acquisition-of-raos-specialty-foods-300471155.html SOURCE Advent International Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved From MarketWatch More Coverage ‘Worst possible outcome’ — analysts react to U.K. early election results Here are the key takeaways from Comey’s testimony Bill Gates and Warren Buffett agree on this singular piece of advice for entrepreneurs Quote References LULU -0.53 -1.01% PRTY +0.15 +0.93% BOJA +0.05 +0.29% FIVE +0.30 +0.57% Most Popular ‘Worst possible outcome’ — analysts react to U.K. early election results Alibaba’s record stock surge sends Yahoo shares to 17-year high Bill Gates and Warren Buffett agree on this singular piece of advice for entrepreneurs Is bitcoin in a bubble? This metric suggests there’s more room to grow How to Book the Cheapest Flight Ever. Period. MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found lululemon athletica inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: LULU $51.72 -0.53 (-1.01%) Volume 1.8M Open $52.24 High $53.00 Low $51.70 P/E Ratio 24.51 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 7.1B Party City Holdco Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PRTY $16.20 +0.15 (+0.93%) Volume 132.2K Open $16.15 High $16.40 Low $16.10 P/E Ratio 17.23 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 1.9B Bojangles' Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: BOJA $17.10 +0.05 (+0.29%) Volume 150.4K Open $16.95 High $17.25 Low $16.95 P/E Ratio 17.1 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 624.0M Five Below Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: FIVE $52.94 +0.30 (+0.57%) Volume 1.2M Open $52.78 High $53.91 Low $52.51 P/E Ratio 39.8 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.9B
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Aktuality Nyheder Nachrichten Noticias Actualités Notizie Nieuws Nyheter Aktualności Notícias Новости Novinky Nyheter Uutiset Sovos Brands, Backed by Advent International, Announces Acquisition of Rao's Specialty Foods Second acquisition in less than six months advances Sovos' mission to acquire and build leading brands in the food and beverage sector News provided by Advent International 08 Jun, 2017, 12:01 ET Share this article BERKELEY, Calif. and NEW YORK, June 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Sovos Brands, a new food and beverage company formed by Advent International, today announced that it has agreed to acquire Rao's Specialty Foods Inc., the producer of Rao's Homemade, the leading brand of super premium pasta sauce made with only the highest quality natural ingredients. The transaction is expected to be completed during the third quarter of this year. Financial terms were not disclosed. Rao's Specialty Foods is the second acquisition in less than six months for Sovos, which seeks to acquire and build value in one-of-a-kind food and beverage brands. In January 2017, the company purchased Michael Angelo's Gourmet Foods, a leading producer of premium, authentic frozen Italian entrées. Headquartered in Berkeley, CA, and led by seasoned consumer packaged goods executives, Sovos focuses on high-quality brands in on-trend categories with the potential to accelerate growth by investing in distribution, marketing, production and product innovation. Rao's Homemade is an iconic brand with a storied heritage dating back to the opening of Rao's Italian restaurant in East Harlem, New York, in 1896. Established in 1992, Rao's Specialty Foods produces super premium pasta sauce, known for its commitment to the highest quality ingredients, clean label and superior taste profile. Rao's Homemade contains no tomato blends, paste, water, starches, fillers, colors or added sugar like many of the other leading brands. In addition to sauces, the company offers a selection of premium dry pasta, dressings, marinades, olive oils, vinegars, tomatoes and fire-roasted red peppers. "Rao's Specialty Foods is a great addition to the portfolio we are creating of one-of-a-kind brands in the food and beverage sector," said Todd Lachman, President and CEO of Sovos Brands. "Its unwavering commitment to authentic, delicious-tasting products using only the highest quality ingredients aligns with our strategy of partnering with unique brands that are in demand with discerning consumers. Working alongside the company's talented management team, we see numerous opportunities to grow the Rao's Homemade brand and expand Rao's Specialty Foods into adjacent food categories." "We are thrilled to join the Sovos Brands family," said Eric Skae, Chief Executive Officer of Rao's Specialty Foods. "Since 1992 we have been the leading brand in the premium pasta sauce category by a wide margin, and as we enter our 25th year, we are committed to maintaining our top position in the space. With the resources and expertise of Sovos and Advent, we will be in an even stronger position to pursue the significant growth opportunities ahead of us. We look forward to expanding our product offering and introducing more consumers to the authentic taste of our pasta sauces and other specialty foods." Jim Morano, President of Rao's Specialty Foods, added, "As we continue to grow the business, we will remain true to our co-founder Frank Pellegrino Sr.'s vision for our recipes, which as Frank said, is 'to use the fewest number of ingredients and take the fewest number of steps. Good cooking is simple. It's called 'pulito' – Italian for 'pure, clean.' That's the right way to cook. That's what we do. That's how we do it.'" Spearheading the acquisition and value creation initiatives at Sovos Brands is a team headed by Mr. Lachman, Larry Bodner, CFO, and Bill Johnson, Chairman. Mr. Lachman has a 25-year record of delivering growth and value creation as a senior executive at major consumer products companies, including Mars, Del Monte Foods, H.J. Heinz and Procter & Gamble. Mr. Bodner has over 25 years of experience as a performance-driven financial executive at companies including Big Heart Pet Brands, Del Monte Foods, Walt Disney and Procter & Gamble. Mr. Johnson was formerly chairman, CEO and president of H.J. Heinz, where he had a distinguished 31-year career, transforming the company into a global food industry leader. "Sovos Brands is making great progress on its strategy to establish a scale player in the consumer packaged goods industry," said Jeff Case, a Managing Director at Advent International. "We continue to work with the Sovos team to support and grow its brands and acquire other leading branded players offering delicious food that meets today's consumer demand for high-quality, clean ingredients." The transaction does not include the iconic Rao's restaurants in New York, Las Vegas and Los Angeles, which will remain under current ownership. Advent International has significant investment experience in the retail, consumer and leisure industry. Over the past 27 years, the firm has invested more than $9 billion in 71 companies in the sector across 21 countries worldwide. In addition to Sovos Brands, recent North American investments include Noosa Yoghurt, lululemon athletica (NASDAQ: LULU), The Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf, Serta Simmons Bedding, Party City (NYSE: PRTY), Bojangles' (NASDAQ: BOJA) and Five Below (NASDAQ: FIVE). Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC is serving as exclusive financial advisor and Morrison & Foerster LLP is serving as legal advisor to Rao's Specialty Foods on the transaction. Weil, Gotshal & Manges is serving as legal advisor to Sovos Brands and Advent International. ABOUT RAO'S SPECIALTY FOODS Founded in 1992, Rao's Specialty Foods is a leading producer of super premium pasta sauce, with Rao's Homemade ranking as the leading brand in the super premium pasta sauce segment. In addition to sauces, Rao's Specialty Foods offers a selection of premium dry pasta, dressings, marinades, olive oils, vinegars, tomatoes and fire-roasted red peppers. Rao's Specialty Foods provides customers with high-quality products made with homemade ingredients, including 100% Italian tomatoes. Find out more about Rao's Specialty Foods at www.raos.com. ABOUT SOVOS BRANDS Sovos Brands is a new kind of food and beverage company with a mission to acquire and build one-of-a-kind brands. The first brand in its portfolio, Michael Angelo's Gourmet Foods, is a leading producer of premium, authentic frozen Italian entrées. Sovos Brands has the soul of a startup, the experience of an industry leader and the financial backing of Advent International, one of the world's largest private equity firms. The company has a one-of-a-kind approach to brands, business and people—in fact, the only thing that's old school about the business is the name, inspired by the old Latin term sovos, which means unique or one of a kind. This one-of-a- kind vision leads the company's focus on people and brands, working to ensure that both can really thrive. Find out more about Sovos Brands at www.sovosbrands.com and Michael Angelo's Gourmet Foods at www.michaelangelos.com. About Advent International Founded in 1984, Advent International is one of the largest and most experienced global private equity investors. The firm has invested in 325 private equity transactions in 40 countries and as of December 31, 2016, had $41 billion in assets under management. With offices on four continents, Advent has established a globally integrated team of over 180 investment professionals across North America, Europe, Latin America and Asia. The firm focuses on investments in five core sectors, including business and financial services; healthcare; industrial; retail, consumer and leisure; and technology, media and telecom. After more than 30 years dedicated to international investing, Advent remains committed to partnering with management teams to deliver sustained revenue and earnings growth for its portfolio companies. For more information, visit www.adventinternational.com.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/sovos-brands-backed-by-advent-international-announces-acquisition-of-raos-specialty-foods-300471155.html SOURCE Advent International Related Links http://www.adventinternational.com 01 Feb, 2017, 11:15 ET Preview: Sovos Brands, backed by Advent International, acquires Michael Angelo's Gourmet Foods My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 01 Feb, 2017, 11:15 ET Sovos Brands, backed by Advent International, acquires Michael... Explore More news releases in similar topics Beverages Food & Beverages Banking & Financial Services Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers You just read: Sovos Brands, Backed by Advent International, Announces Acquisition of Rao's Specialty Foods News provided by Advent International 08 Jun, 2017, 12:01 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Aktuality Nyheder Nachrichten Noticias Actualités Notizie Nieuws Nyheter Aktualności Notícias Новости Novinky Nyheter Uutiset Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Generation NEXT Franchise Brands June 08, 2017 08:00 ET Generation NEXT Franchise Brands Appoints D&K Engineering as Contract Manufacturer for Robotic Vending Development San Diego-based manufacturer to begin production of robots developed exclusively by Lancer Corporation SAN DIEGO, CA--(Marketwired - Jun 8, 2017) - Generation NEXT Franchise Brands (OTCQB: VEND) announced today that on May 16, 2017, it appointed San Diego-based D&K Engineering as their exclusive contract manufacturer for not only the recently launched Reis & Irvy's Froyo Robot but the future development of alternative robotic vending concepts and technologies. D&K Engineering is an international product design and contract manufacturing services company with a proven track record of turning innovative ideas into successful reality. Boasting over 600 successful product realization journeys with an emphasis on designing and manufacturing specialty smart machines and kiosks for clients like ecoATM-Gazelle, minuteKEY, and Vengo, D&K Engineering was a clear choice for Generation NEXT, whose revolutionary Reis & Irvy's Froyo Robot has launched a company-focused effort on developing new roads into robotic vending technology. D&K has also designed and manufactured a range of medical and life science products, printing and microfluidics, consumer and industrial and commercial on behalf of clients including BD, Illumina, Lexmark, Hewlett Packard, Callaway Golf, Panasonic, Microsoft, Procter and Gamble, and Halliburton. "The core identity of D&K is obsessed with overcoming challenging technical issues and delivering robust, lasting business solutions," said Nick Yates, Chairman of Generation NEXT Franchise Brands. "More importantly, they bring decades of experience developing self-serve retail kiosks and smart machines. That history, combined with the fact that D&K is right in our backyard of San Diego, means we can now invite our franchisees, investors, clients and prospective customers to visit our headquarters and our manufacturing partner all at the same time. It's a win-win." Under the new partnership agreement with Generation NEXT, D&K will provide engineering manufacturing services to commercialize the company's Froyo Robots and bring a unique set of advantages to future Generation NEXT concepts that include: Extensive expertise in user interface design and human factors, yielding devices that are intuitive as well as easier and safer to use. Emphasis on making devices that can be easily serviced and maintained, maximizing uptime and enabling predictive and rapid repair if issues occur. Deep understanding of transaction infrastructure, such as for handling cash or credit card with state of the art data security and encryption protocols. Ensuring regulatory compliance, especially for safety and accessibility. Comprehensive Internet of Things (IoT) toolkit ready for leverage in any product setting. Remote connectivity, with data analytics, performance monitoring, plus diagnostics ensuring the user experience is optimized and minimizing the need for service calls as well as pre-empting early service calls to maximize uptime. D&K Engineering also boasts an international footprint with manufacturing facilities in San Diego as well as Singapore and Malaysia that offer a top-tier global supply chain, complementary alliances, and partners to assist Generation NEXT's recently launched International License and Distribution Program. "Having the ability to manufacture and ship equipment from Asia, as we begin entering into agreements with partners around the globe offers us a more cost-efficient approach to global expansion," said Yates. "We have plans to teach partners around the world how to replicate our model and support them across all levels of operations, sales, and marketing." Last year, Generation NEXT partnered with San Antonio-based developer Lancer Corp to begin the initial redevelopment and finalization of the Reis & Irvy's prototypes, with a focus on revamping and overhauling the robotic marvels to achieve the highest level of performance. For more information on the revolutionary Froyo Robots, visit the Reis & Irvy's website at reisandirvys.com. To learn more about Generation NEXT Franchise Brands, please visit www.gennextbrands.com or call toll free 888-902-7558. This information is not intended as an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, a franchise. It is for information purposes only. No Reis & Irvy's franchises will be sold to any resident of any state until the offering has been exempted from the requirements of, or duly registered in and declared effective by, such state and the required FDD (if any) has been delivered to the prospective franchisee before the sale in compliance with applicable law. Currently, the following states in the United States regulate the offer and sale of franchises: California, Hawaii, Illinois, Indiana, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, North Dakota, Oregon, Rhode Island, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington, and Wisconsin. If you reside in one of these states, or even if you reside elsewhere, you may have certain rights under applicable franchise laws or regulations. Generation NEXT Franchise Brands Generation NEXT Franchise Brands, based in San Diego, California, is a publicly traded company on the OTC Markets trading under the symbol: VEND. Generation NEXT Franchise Brands is parent company to Fresh Healthy Vending LLC, the market's leading healthy-choice vending machine franchise, Reis and Irvy's, Inc., the world's first robotic frozen yogurt vending kiosk and 19 Degrees, a corporate-focused frozen yogurt kiosk brand. The Company hosts over 350 active franchisees throughout the United States, Canada, Puerto Rico and the Bahamas, and continually looks to partner with like-minded entrepreneurs who share its vision. Cautionary note on forward-looking statements: Except for historical information contained in this release, statements in this release may constitute forward-looking statements regarding assumptions, projections, expectations, targets, intentions or beliefs about future events that are based on management's belief, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, management. While the Company believes that expectations are based upon reasonable assumptions, there can be no assurances that goals, results and strategy will be realized. Numerous factors, including risks and uncertainties, terms and availability of financing, may affect actual results and may cause results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements made by the Company or on its behalf. In addition to statements, which explicitly describe risks and uncertainties, readers are urged to consider statements labeled with such terms as "believes," "belief," "expects," "intends," "feels," "anticipates," "proposes," "proposed," or "plans" to be uncertain and forward-looking. More detailed information on these and additional factors that could affect Generation NEXT's actual results are described in Generation NEXT's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its most recent Form 10-Q's for the quarterly periods ended March 31, 2017, December 31, 2016 and September 30, 2016, and its annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016. All forward-looking statements in this news release speak only as of the date of this news release and are based on Generation NEXT's current beliefs and expectations. Generation NEXT undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Contact Information Media Contact: Generation NEXT Franchise Brands info@gennextbrands.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Generation NEXT Franchise Brands From this industry Financial Services Food and Beverage Lifestyle and Leisure Medical and Healthcare From this sub-industry Venture Capital Commercial and Investment Banking Food Ingredients Retailers Dairy Beverages Non Alcoholic and Alcohol-Wine/Spirits Packaging and Processing Vending Personal Care/Fitness Health and Nutrition See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
View All MailComposeAOL Mail Menu Visit Amazon Visit Amazon Visit Ebay Visit Ebay Sign up Options Account Info Home News Sport Money Entertainment Living Travel Cars Games Weather Change Location| Read Mail Horoscopes Games AOL Favourites UK Politics World Featured HuffPost General Election 2017 Football F1 Cricket Rugby Union Other Sports News Property Mortgages House Prices Home Insurance Retirement Pensions Banking & Savings Savings & ISAs Credit Cards Loans Current Accounts Compare Credit Check Money Saving Tips Bills Debt Shopping & Deals Deals Travel & Work Holidays Motoring Career Commuting Consumer Rights Investing Stock Quotes Guides Compare Finance Products Celebrity TV Film Music Fun & Viral Huffington Post Health Food Animals & Pets Relationships Horoscopes Huffington Post Holiday Ideas Travel guides Inspire & entertain me Travel News UK Travel World Travel Win Australia News Reviews Green Features Car Photos Arcade Card Strategy Word Quizzes All Games Games Help AOL App Favourites Browser Upgrade AOL Desktop Free eMail My Account Safety & Security Toolbar PC Checkup Home This super small-cap could beat Purplebricks Group plc By The Motley Fool  8 Jun 2017, 12:31 Updated: 8 Jun 2017, 12:46 - Today I'm going to look at a small-cap stock with a market cap of £27m. This puts it below the radar for most fund managers, but makes it potentially attractive for active small-cap investors. The company in question is Sopheon (LSE: SPE), which provides software to help companies manage innovation and product development. The firm's client list includes blue-chip names such as PepsiCo, Proctor & Gamble and pharmaceutical giant Merck. So it seems to be a fairly credible business. Sopheon's revenue rose by 11% to $23.2m in 2016, while pre-tax profit rose by 125% to $2.7m. This dramatic increase was mostly down to a reduction in research, development and administrative costs, which fell from $7.1m in 2015 to $6.4m in 2016. The company issued an upbeat AGM statement today. So far this year, 20 licence orders have been received, up from 14 at the same point last year. Revenue visibility for the full year is currently $17.5m, up from "just under $17m" last year. These figures suggest to me that the strong momentum seen last year is continuing, although revenue per licence may still be falling -- a trend the company reported in 2016. Sopheon ended last year with net cash of $4.2m, so debt doesn't seem to be a problem. However, one risk facing shareholders is the prospect of serious dilution if £2m of convertible loans (due in 2019) are turned into shares. Doing so would increase the share count by 2.6m, or about 35%, effectively reducing earnings per share by about 26%. For this reason, I'd argue that with a forecast P/E of 15 for 2017, Sopheon is fairly valued at present. I'd hold at current levels. Will this disrupter make it big? Shares of online estate agent Purplebricks Group (LSE: PURP) are worth 255% more than they were one year ago. Annual sales have risen from £3.39m in 2015 to a forecast level of £43m for the year ended 30 April 2017. Encouragingly, the group's UK business is expected to report a full-year adjusted EBITDA profit this year. The firm's strong growth is expected to continue, but it's worth noting that Purplebricks shares now trade on a price-to-sales ratio of 40. That's astonishingly high, especially for a lossmaking business. Investors are clearly pricing-in a dramatic increase in sales and profits in the future. One of the main reasons for this is the recently announced plan to expand into the US market. If successful, this could open the door to a market many times bigger than the UK. However, gaining market share in the US -- in the face of growing competition -- is unlikely to be easy. Even if Purplebricks is eventually successful, I wouldn't be surprised to see the group's share price take a sharp step backwards at some point. In my view, the valuation could take a sharp knock if market sentiment changes or if overseas growth is slower than expected. For what it's worth, I think it's a good business that could be worth more at some point in the future. But I suspect shareholders will have a rocky ride. I believe a very long-term view will be needed to have any chance of making a profit from current levels. This could be today's top small-cap buy Sopheon and Purplebricks may deliver further gains for investors. But our top analysts believe they've identified a small-cap stock which deserves their 'Best Buy' rating. They believe that the company in question could be undervalued by as much as 43%. The business concerned is a profitable UK operation with a solid history of growth. If you'd like details of our analysts' findings, then download 1 Top Small-Cap Stock From The Motley Fool today. This exclusive report is free and carries no obligation. To get your copy, click here now. Roland Head has no position in any shares mentioned. The Motley Fool UK owns shares of and has recommended PepsiCo. Views expressed on the companies mentioned in this article are those of the writer and therefore may differ from the official recommendations we make in our subscription services such as Share Advisor, Hidden Winners and Pro. Here at The Motley Fool we believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. Suggest a correction Let us send you our Newsletter Our editors will email you a roundup of their favourite stories from across AOL Sign up using your AOL email or use different address FOLLOW US RECOMMENDED EBAY PRODUCTS (20) Explore Today's Featured Collections SHOP NOW HEAD CASE DESIGNS MANLY HIPSTERS HARD BACK... HEAD CASE DESIGNS MANLY HIPSTERS... £4.95 HEAD CASE DESIGNS VINTAGE RADIO PHONE HYBRID... HEAD CASE DESIGNS VINTAGE RADIO... £6.95 HEAD CASE DESIGNS FLORAL ANIMALS HYBRID CASE... HEAD CASE DESIGNS FLORAL ANIMALS... £6.95 HEAD CASE DESIGNS POUCH HARD BACK CASE FOR... HEAD CASE DESIGNS POUCH HARD BACK... £4.95 HEAD CASE CHRISTIAN TYPOGRAPHY SERIES 3 GEL... HEAD CASE CHRISTIAN TYPOGRAPHY... £4.95 HEAD CASE DESIGNS MAD PRINTS SERIES 2 HARD... HEAD CASE DESIGNS MAD PRINTS... £4.95 HEAD CASE DESIGNS CATS CASE COVER FOR APPLE... HEAD CASE DESIGNS CATS CASE COVER... £4.45 HEAD CASE DESIGNS SKYLINE SERIES 3 HARD BACK... HEAD CASE DESIGNS SKYLINE SERIES 3... £4.95 HEAD CASE BEAUTIFUL BEACHES SOFT GEL CASE FOR... HEAD CASE BEAUTIFUL BEACHES SOFT... £4.95 HEAD CASE DESIGNS MUSIC GENRE HYBRID CASE FOR... HEAD CASE DESIGNS MUSIC GENRE... £6.95 HEAD CASE FRUITYLICIOUS SOFT GEL CASE FOR... HEAD CASE FRUITYLICIOUS SOFT GEL... £4.95 HEAD CASE DESIGNS VINTAGE FLAGS SET 1 HARD... HEAD CASE DESIGNS VINTAGE FLAGS... £4.95 HEAD CASE CHRISTIAN TYPOGRAPHY SERIES 3 GEL... HEAD CASE CHRISTIAN TYPOGRAPHY... £4.95 HEAD CASE ANIMAL FACES SERIES 1 SOFT GEL CASE... HEAD CASE ANIMAL FACES SERIES 1... £4.95 HEAD CASE DESIGNS MAD PRINTS SERIES 1 HARD... HEAD CASE DESIGNS MAD PRINTS... £4.95 HEAD CASE DESIGNS MANLY HIPSTERS HARD BACK... HEAD CASE DESIGNS MANLY HIPSTERS... £4.95 HEAD CASE DESIGNS BEST OF PLACES VINTAGE... HEAD CASE DESIGNS BEST OF PLACES... £4.95 HEAD CASE DESIGNS WILDLIFE HYBRID CASE FOR... HEAD CASE DESIGNS WILDLIFE HYBRID... £6.95 HEAD CASE LETTER CASES SOFT GEL CASE FOR... HEAD CASE LETTER CASES SOFT GEL... £4.95 HEAD CASE DESIGNS VINTAGE FLAGS SET 5 HYBRID... HEAD CASE DESIGNS VINTAGE FLAGS... £6.95 Tags: Investing Articles, Purplebricks, Sopheon PLC - SPONSORED FINANCIAL CONTENT More from the web Most WatchedBy Gravity You might also like... Conversation ( ) Login Search Markets Europe US Global Currencies CAC 40 5,264.24 -1.29 -0.02% DAX 12,713.58 +41.09 +0.32% NASDAQ 6,321.7637 +24.3838 +0.39% DJI 21,182.53 +8.84 +0.04% DOW 63.97 -0.01 -0.02% S&P 500 2,433.79 +0.65 +0.03% NIKKEI 225 20,013.26 +104.00 +0.52% Hang Seng 25,953.51 -109.55 -0.42% GBP (PER EUR) 1.1332 -0.004 -0.35% GBP (PER USD) 1.2684 -0.0035 -0.28% GBP (PER JPY) 140.063 +0.338 +0.24% GBP (PER CHF) 1.2295 -0.0033 -0.27% Get Quote Read More Competitions Free brochures Editor's picks Asda stop selling loose fruit and veg Most valuable £2 coins ranked Supermarket of the year announced Issues with £1 coins revealed Currency Converter Albanian Lek Algerian Dinar Argentine Peso Australian Dollar Azerbaijani Manat Bahamian Dollar Baharaini Dinar Bangladeshi Taka Barbadian Dollar Belarusian Ruble Belize Dollar Bermudian Dollar Bitcoin Bolivian Boliviano Bosnian Convertible Marka Botswana Pula Brazilian Real Brunei Dollar Bulgarian Lev Burundian Franc Cambodian Riel Canadian Dollar Cape Verdean Escudo Cayman Islands Dollar Central African CFA Franc Chilean Peso Chinese Yuan Colombian Peso Costa Rican Colón Croatian Kuna Cuban Peso Czech Koruna Danish Krone Djiboutian Franc Dominican Peso East Caribbean Dollar Egyptian Pound Emirati Dirham Ethiopian Birr Euro Fijian Dollar French Pacific Franc Georgian Lari Ghana Cedi Guatemalan Quetzal Guinean Franc Haitian Gourde Honduran Lempira Hong Kong Dollar Hungarian Forint Icelandic Krona Indian Rupee Indonesian Rupiah Iraqi Dinar Jamaican Dollar Japanese Yen Jordanian Dinar Kazakhstani Tenge Kenyan Shilling Kuwaiti Dinar Lao Kip Latvian Lats Lebanese Pound Lesotho Loti Libyan Dinar Lithuanian Litas Macanese Pataca Macedonian Denar Malagasy Ariary Malawian Kwacha Malaysian Ringgit Mauritanian Ouguiya Mauritian Rupee Mexican Peso Moldovan Leu Moroccan Dirham Mozambican Metical Mynamar Kyat Namibian Dollar Nepalese Rupee New Israeli Sheqel New Zealand Dollar Nicaraguan Córdoba Nigerian Naira Norwegian Krone Omani Rial Pakistan Rupee Panamanian Balboa Papua New Guinean Kina Paraguayan Guaraní Peruvian Nuevo Sol Polish Zloty Pound Sterling Qatari Rial Romanian Leu Russian Ruble Rwandan Franc Sao Tomean Dobra Saudi Riyal Serbian Dinar Seychellois Rupee Singapore Dollar Slovak Koruna South African Rand South Korean Won Sri Lankan Rupee Sudanese Pound Swazi Lilangeni Swedish Krona Swiss Franc Taiwan Dollar Tanzanian Shilling Thai Baht Trinidad and Tobago Dollar Tunisian Dinar Turkish Lira Ugandan Shilling Ukrainian Hryvnia Uruguayan Peso US Dollar Uzbekistani Som Venezuelan Bolívar Vietnamese Dong West African CFA Franc Albanian Lek Algerian Dinar Argentine Peso Australian Dollar Azerbaijani Manat Bahamian Dollar Baharaini Dinar Bangladeshi Taka Barbadian Dollar Belarusian Ruble Belize Dollar Bermudian Dollar Bitcoin Bolivian Boliviano Bosnian Convertible Marka Botswana Pula Brazilian Real Brunei Dollar Bulgarian Lev Burundian Franc Cambodian Riel Canadian Dollar Cape Verdean Escudo Cayman Islands Dollar Central African CFA Franc Chilean Peso Chinese Yuan Colombian Peso Costa Rican Colón Croatian Kuna Cuban Peso Czech Koruna Danish Krone Djiboutian Franc Dominican Peso East Caribbean Dollar Egyptian Pound Emirati Dirham Ethiopian Birr Euro Fijian Dollar French Pacific Franc Georgian Lari Ghana Cedi Guatemalan Quetzal Guinean Franc Haitian Gourde Honduran Lempira Hong Kong Dollar Hungarian Forint Icelandic Krona Indian Rupee Indonesian Rupiah Iraqi Dinar Jamaican Dollar Japanese Yen Jordanian Dinar Kazakhstani Tenge Kenyan Shilling Kuwaiti Dinar Lao Kip Latvian Lats Lebanese Pound Lesotho Loti Libyan Dinar Lithuanian Litas Macanese Pataca Macedonian Denar Malagasy Ariary Malawian Kwacha Malaysian Ringgit Mauritanian Ouguiya Mauritian Rupee Mexican Peso Moldovan Leu Moroccan Dirham Mozambican Metical Mynamar Kyat Namibian Dollar Nepalese Rupee New Israeli Sheqel New Zealand Dollar Nicaraguan Córdoba Nigerian Naira Norwegian Krone Omani Rial Pakistan Rupee Panamanian Balboa Papua New Guinean Kina Paraguayan Guaraní Peruvian Nuevo Sol Polish Zloty Pound Sterling Qatari Rial Romanian Leu Russian Ruble Rwandan Franc Sao Tomean Dobra Saudi Riyal Serbian Dinar Seychellois Rupee Singapore Dollar Slovak Koruna South African Rand South Korean Won Sri Lankan Rupee Sudanese Pound Swazi Lilangeni Swedish Krona Swiss Franc Taiwan Dollar Tanzanian Shilling Thai Baht Trinidad and Tobago Dollar Tunisian Dinar Turkish Lira Ugandan Shilling Ukrainian Hryvnia Uruguayan Peso US Dollar Uzbekistani Som Venezuelan Bolívar Vietnamese Dong West African CFA Franc Go powered by AOL Search Let us send you our Newsletter Our editors will email you a roundup of their favourite stories from across AOL Sign up using your AOL email or use different address FOLLOW US Most Popular on AOL AOLMoney AOL Newsletter. Roundups of the best across AOL, hand picked by our editors and delivered to your inbox. Sign up using your AOL email Use different address About AOL Contact AOL UK Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Feedback Advertising Contact Help RSS AOL App About Our Ads Follow AOL: © 2017 AOL (UK) Limited its affiliates and licensors
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Generation NEXT Franchise Brands June 08, 2017 08:00 ET Generation NEXT Franchise Brands Appoints D&K Engineering as Contract Manufacturer for Robotic Vending Development San Diego-based manufacturer to begin production of robots developed exclusively by Lancer Corporation SAN DIEGO, CA--(Marketwired - Jun 8, 2017) - Generation NEXT Franchise Brands (OTCQB: VEND) announced today that on May 16, 2017, it appointed San Diego-based D&K Engineering as their exclusive contract manufacturer for not only the recently launched Reis & Irvy's Froyo Robot but the future development of alternative robotic vending concepts and technologies. D&K Engineering is an international product design and contract manufacturing services company with a proven track record of turning innovative ideas into successful reality. Boasting over 600 successful product realization journeys with an emphasis on designing and manufacturing specialty smart machines and kiosks for clients like ecoATM-Gazelle, minuteKEY, and Vengo, D&K Engineering was a clear choice for Generation NEXT, whose revolutionary Reis & Irvy's Froyo Robot has launched a company-focused effort on developing new roads into robotic vending technology. D&K has also designed and manufactured a range of medical and life science products, printing and microfluidics, consumer and industrial and commercial on behalf of clients including BD, Illumina, Lexmark, Hewlett Packard, Callaway Golf, Panasonic, Microsoft, Procter and Gamble, and Halliburton. "The core identity of D&K is obsessed with overcoming challenging technical issues and delivering robust, lasting business solutions," said Nick Yates, Chairman of Generation NEXT Franchise Brands. "More importantly, they bring decades of experience developing self-serve retail kiosks and smart machines. That history, combined with the fact that D&K is right in our backyard of San Diego, means we can now invite our franchisees, investors, clients and prospective customers to visit our headquarters and our manufacturing partner all at the same time. It's a win-win." Under the new partnership agreement with Generation NEXT, D&K will provide engineering manufacturing services to commercialize the company's Froyo Robots and bring a unique set of advantages to future Generation NEXT concepts that include: Extensive expertise in user interface design and human factors, yielding devices that are intuitive as well as easier and safer to use. Emphasis on making devices that can be easily serviced and maintained, maximizing uptime and enabling predictive and rapid repair if issues occur. Deep understanding of transaction infrastructure, such as for handling cash or credit card with state of the art data security and encryption protocols. Ensuring regulatory compliance, especially for safety and accessibility. Comprehensive Internet of Things (IoT) toolkit ready for leverage in any product setting. Remote connectivity, with data analytics, performance monitoring, plus diagnostics ensuring the user experience is optimized and minimizing the need for service calls as well as pre-empting early service calls to maximize uptime. D&K Engineering also boasts an international footprint with manufacturing facilities in San Diego as well as Singapore and Malaysia that offer a top-tier global supply chain, complementary alliances, and partners to assist Generation NEXT's recently launched International License and Distribution Program. "Having the ability to manufacture and ship equipment from Asia, as we begin entering into agreements with partners around the globe offers us a more cost-efficient approach to global expansion," said Yates. "We have plans to teach partners around the world how to replicate our model and support them across all levels of operations, sales, and marketing." Last year, Generation NEXT partnered with San Antonio-based developer Lancer Corp to begin the initial redevelopment and finalization of the Reis & Irvy's prototypes, with a focus on revamping and overhauling the robotic marvels to achieve the highest level of performance. For more information on the revolutionary Froyo Robots, visit the Reis & Irvy's website at reisandirvys.com. To learn more about Generation NEXT Franchise Brands, please visit www.gennextbrands.com or call toll free 888-902-7558. This information is not intended as an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, a franchise. It is for information purposes only. No Reis & Irvy's franchises will be sold to any resident of any state until the offering has been exempted from the requirements of, or duly registered in and declared effective by, such state and the required FDD (if any) has been delivered to the prospective franchisee before the sale in compliance with applicable law. Currently, the following states in the United States regulate the offer and sale of franchises: California, Hawaii, Illinois, Indiana, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, North Dakota, Oregon, Rhode Island, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington, and Wisconsin. If you reside in one of these states, or even if you reside elsewhere, you may have certain rights under applicable franchise laws or regulations. Generation NEXT Franchise Brands Generation NEXT Franchise Brands, based in San Diego, California, is a publicly traded company on the OTC Markets trading under the symbol: VEND. Generation NEXT Franchise Brands is parent company to Fresh Healthy Vending LLC, the market's leading healthy-choice vending machine franchise, Reis and Irvy's, Inc., the world's first robotic frozen yogurt vending kiosk and 19 Degrees, a corporate-focused frozen yogurt kiosk brand. The Company hosts over 350 active franchisees throughout the United States, Canada, Puerto Rico and the Bahamas, and continually looks to partner with like-minded entrepreneurs who share its vision. Cautionary note on forward-looking statements: Except for historical information contained in this release, statements in this release may constitute forward-looking statements regarding assumptions, projections, expectations, targets, intentions or beliefs about future events that are based on management's belief, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, management. While the Company believes that expectations are based upon reasonable assumptions, there can be no assurances that goals, results and strategy will be realized. Numerous factors, including risks and uncertainties, terms and availability of financing, may affect actual results and may cause results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements made by the Company or on its behalf. In addition to statements, which explicitly describe risks and uncertainties, readers are urged to consider statements labeled with such terms as "believes," "belief," "expects," "intends," "feels," "anticipates," "proposes," "proposed," or "plans" to be uncertain and forward-looking. More detailed information on these and additional factors that could affect Generation NEXT's actual results are described in Generation NEXT's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its most recent Form 10-Q's for the quarterly periods ended March 31, 2017, December 31, 2016 and September 30, 2016, and its annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016. All forward-looking statements in this news release speak only as of the date of this news release and are based on Generation NEXT's current beliefs and expectations. Generation NEXT undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Contact Information Media Contact: Generation NEXT Franchise Brands info@gennextbrands.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Generation NEXT Franchise Brands From this industry Financial Services Food and Beverage Lifestyle and Leisure Medical and Healthcare From this sub-industry Venture Capital Commercial and Investment Banking Food Ingredients Retailers Dairy Beverages Non Alcoholic and Alcohol-Wine/Spirits Packaging and Processing Vending Personal Care/Fitness Health and Nutrition See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Follow @triplepundit 48.6k Triple Pundit: People, Planet, Profit Menu Special Series Building Healthier Communities In this four-part mini-series, we’ll unpack how large firms can get down to the grassroots level when it comes to engaging communities around health and wellness. Sponsored by Aetna Foundation Your Corporate Guide to Responsible Waste Management In this editorial series in partnership with Covanta Environmental Solutions, we’ll explore steps your company can take to edge closer to zero waste targets. Sponsored by Covanta Responsible Forestry In this series sponsored by Procter and Gamble, we’ll explore what it means to practice “responsible forestry” and how trailblazing companies can lead the way. Sponsored by Procter & Gamble Close Events Good Capital Project (3p discount code “GC_TriplePundit “) The Good Capital Project, through a new design thinking process, will convene all constituents to drive greater collaboration and accelerate capital flows into purpose driven investments. [REGISTER HERE] Use code GC_TriplePundit for 15% off June 19: New York Green Sports Alliance Summit 2017 "PLAY GREENER: Engaging Fans, Athletes & Communities", focused on mobilizing members and partners to bring about positive environmental and social impact across their fan-base and surrounding communities. [REGISTER HERE] June 27-29: Sacramento Companies vs Climate Change: Europe and USA Events. An event series whose mission it is to bring together companies from around the world to discuss climate change and how they can work together to address it most impactfully. Now building sponsorship and registration. [INFO HERE] Oct & Dec: Brussels & Miami Close 3p Podium Media Kit Rainforest Alliance and Europe’s UTZ Announce Merger by Leon Kaye on Thursday, Jun 8th, 2017 Climate & Environment Share Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) A tea plantation in Sri Lanka In the business world, they say mergers and acquisitions are necessary to eliminate redundancies and improve efficiencies. And considering the numerous environmental problems the world faces, from deforestation to ensuring the planet can sustainably and responsibly feed a rapidly growing population, M&A rules can certainly apply to the non-profit world. To that end, New York City-based Rainforest Alliance and UTZ of Amsterdam have announced that they will merge later this this year. Both organizations have a strong track record of promoting sustainable agriculture, while ensuring farmers receive a fair price for their crops akin to various fair trade programs underway worldwide. Rainforest Alliance has been successful in both holding companies accountable for their supply chain operations in countries where regulations and law enforcement are often lax. But the organization has also forged constructive partnerships with various companies, including its work with Procter & Gamble on the global paper trade. It has even landed fair trade coffee from Nicaragua at your local 7-Eleven. UTZ is more familiar to our cousins across the pond, but can also boast about its work to ensure more responsibly-sourced food and beverage products are now featured in Europe’s supermarkets and cafes. The NGO claims a broad reach, with over 850,000 farmers registered within its agriculture programs; those landowners in turn employ an additional 424,000 workers who together raise UTZ-certified crops on 2.7 million acres of land. And in business-speak, UTZ can certainly claim several “wins,” from transforming tea production in Sri Lanka to improving cocoa farming and production in remote regions of Indonesia. According to a press release, the new entity will keep the Rainforest Alliance name. Han de Groot, currently the executive director of UTZ, will serve as the CEO of the new and expanded Rainforest Alliance. Nigel Sizer, who is now president of Rainforest Alliance, will have a new role as of Chief Program Officer, Advocacy, Landscapes and Livelihoods – effectively becoming the organization’s chief operating officer. The new Rainforest Alliance will continue to be a member of the global Sustainable Action Network (SAN). “Our missions are very similar, to work with farmers and communities in an effort to protect the natural environment and help mitigate the effects of climate change on a global scale,” said Sizer in an emailed statement to TriplePundit. “By uniting with UTZ, we will combine our strengths to expand our impact on improving the lives of farmers and forest communities, protecting biodiversity and championing companies that are on the path to sustainability.” While the various sustainable agriculture certification standards have improved livelihoods and environmental stewardship worldwide, one complaint of both companies and consumers is that the various stamps, seals and logos displayed on packaging and marketing collateral often cause confusion. On that point, Rainforest Alliance has noted that at least 182,000 tea, coffee and cocoa farmers have been certified under both standards. Having one strong certification standard, and a globally recognized brand, will eliminate the doubling of administrative tasks in order to stay complaint with both programs. And the move could generate even more success, as it would convince more farmers and companies to either adopt this certification or, in the case of food and beverage companies, partner with Rainforest Alliance. This new and expanded Rainforest Alliance will still face countless challenges with its sustainable development programs despite its boost in size and outreach. Political chaos in Brazil, for example, has led to accelerated deforestation after the work of NGOs succeeded in slowing that trend during the past decade. And as more food and personal care companies covet palm oil as a key ingredient, new lands are being harvested in Africa – often in countries in which weak legal and regulatory infrastructures make it difficult to ensure new development does not come at the harsh cost of human rights and wildlife destruction. Image credit: Leon Kaye Climate & Environment Recent headlines from the 4666 articles in this category: Rainforest Alliance and Europe’s UTZ Announce Merger Breaking: American Solar Direct Files for Bankruptcy Can the Sun Pay for Trump’s Border Wall? Based in Fresno, California, Leon Kaye is a business writer and strategic communications specialist. He has also been featured in The Guardian, Sustainable Brands and CleanTechnica. When he has time, he shares his thoughts on his own site, GreenGoPost.com. Contact him at leon@greengopost.com. You can also reach out via Twitter (@LeonKaye) and Instagram (GreenGoPost). Follow Leon Kaye @leonkaye Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Register here if you need an account. Our sponsors Media Kit Access Would your company like to join our conversation? We offer branded content, twitter chats, event promotion, custom content channels and more. Learn more. Check out our newsletters More than 30,000 subscribers get our daily and weekly updates. Join them now. Email address Weekly Mailing List Daily Mailing List Submit Ready to comment? Register for an account below Name* First Last Email* Enter Email Confirm Email Create your username* Captcha After submitting this form, you must check your email for your password before logging in. Follow Triple Pundit Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Search terms Search WORK WITH US About 3p Advertise with us Contact us Newsletter Sponsored content policy Write for us Privacy policy Legal Sitemap MEET OUR TEAM Founder: Nick Aster Ed in Chief: Jen Boynton Social Media: Marissa Rosen TriplePundit is a part of 3BL Media. Offsets Provided by ClimateCare. Use our carbon calculator here. TriplePundit's office is at Impact HUB San Francisco. All content © 2009-2017 Triple Pundit Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Thailand Press Release News search General Business Entertainment IT Stcoks Lifestyle Telecom Energy Properties Automotive Heathcare Events ฝากข่าวประชาสัมพันธ์ Photo Release: PG partners with alliances to build a new house for southern flood victim General Press Releases Thursday June 8, 2017 13:16 Bangkok--8 Jun--Four Hundred Mrs. Kannika Jarusuraisin, External Relations Director of Procter and Gamble Trading (Thailand) Ltd and General Secretary of P&G Thailand Foundation for Society has partnered with Habitat for Humanity Thailand along with trade partners Mr.Chayasin Benja-Ariyakul, from Krabi Benjamin andMr.Ekapong Chokchaipitak, Mother Department store, to organize the 5th year of "Making A House A Home" in collaboration with volunteers from Krabi Technical College. The activity aims to build a new house for flood victims after disaster. At the same time, also provided P&G brands like Safeguard, Head & Shoulders and Oral-B to the family, and young students at Jazeerahpittayanusorn school. Latest Press Release Photo Release: WHA Group Sponsors Bicycle Race to Inspire the Youth Hemaraj Land And Development PLC, a subsidiary of WHA Corporation PCL, contributed 30,000 Baht to the 2017 Bicycle Race recently held by the Pluak Daeng Sub-district Administrative Organization in Rayong. The 46-kilometer race was held to promote a... Photo Release: Nestle Pure Life signs MOU for The AWS International Water Stewardship Standard V.1.0project with WWF Nestle Waters Thailand, the business unit that bottles and distributes Nestle Pure Life drinking water, led by Mr. Luca Chioda (right), Business Executive Officer – Waters, Nestle (Thai) Ltd., signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with the... Make your perfect Sunday with the best Sunday Brunch at The World Make your perfect Sunday with the best Sunday Brunch at The WorldAt The World restaurant, Centara Grand at CentralWorld Let's say goodbye the boring Sunday and make your Sunday more meaningful at The World restaurant, Centara Grand at CentralWorld. We... Photo Release: WHA Group The Journey of Champion WHA Group…The Journey of Champion was held recently to discuss the challenges of rapid global change and to raise awareness on human resource development to help individuals and organizations achieve greater success in line with the government's... Tasty Local Delights at Dusit Thani Krabi Beach Resort The summer Green Season is upon us, and we are taking the opportunity to "go local" by offering our guests the chance to discover the taste of local specialities. Throughout June, our Martinis Bar, situated in the hotel's lobby, will be offering Thai... Related Topics P&G Thailand Foundation ingthailand P&G Thailand Foundation SECRETARY partners director General's relation Thailand Friday June 9, 2017 14:03 © 2007 - 2017 Tasang Limited, All Rights Reserved 0.0166s/1,049k [TH]
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Global Razor Blade Market Size Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis by 2022 The Global Razor Blade market size will be XX million (USD) in 2022, from the XX million (USD) in 2016, with a CAGR (Compound Annual Growth Rate) XX% from 2016 to 2022. This report studies Razor Blade in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa, focuses on the top 5 Razor Blade Players in each region, with sales, price, revenue and market share for top 5 manufacturer, covering Gillette(P&G) Energizer BIC Laser Razor Blades Lord DORCO Supermax Harry’s(Feintechnik) FEATHER Benxi Jincheng Kaili Razor Ningbo Jiali Liyu Razor Shanghai Cloud Yingjili Avail 10% Discount on Single User License. Valid for the period from 15th May 2017 to 15th June 2017                                                                                                                                      Get a Free PDF Sample of Market Report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/316145 Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with sales, revenue, market share of top 5 players in these regions, from 2012 to 2017 (forecast), like North America (United States, Canada and Mexico) Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Korea) Europe (Germany, UK, France, Italy and Russia etc. South America (Brazil, Chile, Peru and Argentina) Middle East and Africa (Egypt, South Africa, Saudi Arabia) Split by Product Types, with sales, revenue, price, market share of each type, can be divided into Double Edge Razor Blades Single Edge Razor Blades Split by applications, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Razor Blade in each application, can be divided into Men’s razors Women’s razor Avail 15% Discount on Corporate Users License Valid for the period from 15th May 2017 to 15th June 2017 Buy the Report@   http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/316145                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            About Us:                  Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customised reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialisation. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Us:       Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 Email ID: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Hyperbaric Oxygen Therapy (HBOT) Devices Market Analytical Overview, Growth Factors, Demand and Trends Forecast Report till 2021 Next PostNext Global Rotary Indexer Market Report and Industry Outlook, 2017 – 2022 Posted on 8 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Global Razor Blade Market Size Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis by 2022 The Global Razor Blade market size will be XX million (USD) in 2022, from the XX million (USD) in 2016, with a CAGR (Compound Annual Growth Rate) XX% from 2016 to 2022. This report studies Razor Blade in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa, focuses on the top 5 Razor Blade Players in each region, with sales, price, revenue and market share for top 5 manufacturer, covering Gillette(P&G) Energizer BIC Laser Razor Blades Lord DORCO Supermax Harry’s(Feintechnik) FEATHER Benxi Jincheng Kaili Razor Ningbo Jiali Liyu Razor Shanghai Cloud Yingjili Avail 10% Discount on Single User License. Valid for the period from 15th May 2017 to 15th June 2017                                                                                                                                      Get a Free PDF Sample of Market Report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/316145 Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with sales, revenue, market share of top 5 players in these regions, from 2012 to 2017 (forecast), like North America (United States, Canada and Mexico) Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Korea) Europe (Germany, UK, France, Italy and Russia etc. South America (Brazil, Chile, Peru and Argentina) Middle East and Africa (Egypt, South Africa, Saudi Arabia) Split by Product Types, with sales, revenue, price, market share of each type, can be divided into Double Edge Razor Blades Single Edge Razor Blades Split by applications, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Razor Blade in each application, can be divided into Men’s razors Women’s razor Avail 15% Discount on Corporate Users License Valid for the period from 15th May 2017 to 15th June 2017 Buy the Report@   http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/316145                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            About Us:                  Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customised reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialisation. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Us:       Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 Email ID: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Hyperbaric Oxygen Therapy (HBOT) Devices Market Analytical Overview, Growth Factors, Demand and Trends Forecast Report till 2021 Next PostNext Global Rotary Indexer Market Report and Industry Outlook, 2017 – 2022 Posted on 8 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Global Razor Blade Market Size Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis by 2022 The Global Razor Blade market size will be XX million (USD) in 2022, from the XX million (USD) in 2016, with a CAGR (Compound Annual Growth Rate) XX% from 2016 to 2022. This report studies Razor Blade in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa, focuses on the top 5 Razor Blade Players in each region, with sales, price, revenue and market share for top 5 manufacturer, covering Gillette(P&G) Energizer BIC Laser Razor Blades Lord DORCO Supermax Harry’s(Feintechnik) FEATHER Benxi Jincheng Kaili Razor Ningbo Jiali Liyu Razor Shanghai Cloud Yingjili Avail 10% Discount on Single User License. Valid for the period from 15th May 2017 to 15th June 2017                                                                                                                                      Get a Free PDF Sample of Market Report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/316145 Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with sales, revenue, market share of top 5 players in these regions, from 2012 to 2017 (forecast), like North America (United States, Canada and Mexico) Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Korea) Europe (Germany, UK, France, Italy and Russia etc. South America (Brazil, Chile, Peru and Argentina) Middle East and Africa (Egypt, South Africa, Saudi Arabia) Split by Product Types, with sales, revenue, price, market share of each type, can be divided into Double Edge Razor Blades Single Edge Razor Blades Split by applications, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Razor Blade in each application, can be divided into Men’s razors Women’s razor Avail 15% Discount on Corporate Users License Valid for the period from 15th May 2017 to 15th June 2017 Buy the Report@   http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/316145                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            About Us:                  Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customised reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialisation. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Us:       Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 Email ID: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Hyperbaric Oxygen Therapy (HBOT) Devices Market Analytical Overview, Growth Factors, Demand and Trends Forecast Report till 2021 Next PostNext Global Rotary Indexer Market Report and Industry Outlook, 2017 – 2022 Posted on 8 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Global Razor Blade Market Size Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis by 2022 The Global Razor Blade market size will be XX million (USD) in 2022, from the XX million (USD) in 2016, with a CAGR (Compound Annual Growth Rate) XX% from 2016 to 2022. This report studies Razor Blade in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa, focuses on the top 5 Razor Blade Players in each region, with sales, price, revenue and market share for top 5 manufacturer, covering Gillette(P&G) Energizer BIC Laser Razor Blades Lord DORCO Supermax Harry’s(Feintechnik) FEATHER Benxi Jincheng Kaili Razor Ningbo Jiali Liyu Razor Shanghai Cloud Yingjili Avail 10% Discount on Single User License. Valid for the period from 15th May 2017 to 15th June 2017                                                                                                                                      Get a Free PDF Sample of Market Report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/316145 Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with sales, revenue, market share of top 5 players in these regions, from 2012 to 2017 (forecast), like North America (United States, Canada and Mexico) Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Korea) Europe (Germany, UK, France, Italy and Russia etc. South America (Brazil, Chile, Peru and Argentina) Middle East and Africa (Egypt, South Africa, Saudi Arabia) Split by Product Types, with sales, revenue, price, market share of each type, can be divided into Double Edge Razor Blades Single Edge Razor Blades Split by applications, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Razor Blade in each application, can be divided into Men’s razors Women’s razor Avail 15% Discount on Corporate Users License Valid for the period from 15th May 2017 to 15th June 2017 Buy the Report@   http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/316145                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            About Us:                  Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customised reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialisation. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Us:       Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 Email ID: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Hyperbaric Oxygen Therapy (HBOT) Devices Market Analytical Overview, Growth Factors, Demand and Trends Forecast Report till 2021 Next PostNext Global Rotary Indexer Market Report and Industry Outlook, 2017 – 2022 Posted on 8 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Global Razor Blade Market Size Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis by 2022 The Global Razor Blade market size will be XX million (USD) in 2022, from the XX million (USD) in 2016, with a CAGR (Compound Annual Growth Rate) XX% from 2016 to 2022. This report studies Razor Blade in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa, focuses on the top 5 Razor Blade Players in each region, with sales, price, revenue and market share for top 5 manufacturer, covering Gillette(P&G) Energizer BIC Laser Razor Blades Lord DORCO Supermax Harry’s(Feintechnik) FEATHER Benxi Jincheng Kaili Razor Ningbo Jiali Liyu Razor Shanghai Cloud Yingjili Avail 10% Discount on Single User License. Valid for the period from 15th May 2017 to 15th June 2017                                                                                                                                      Get a Free PDF Sample of Market Report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/316145 Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with sales, revenue, market share of top 5 players in these regions, from 2012 to 2017 (forecast), like North America (United States, Canada and Mexico) Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Korea) Europe (Germany, UK, France, Italy and Russia etc. South America (Brazil, Chile, Peru and Argentina) Middle East and Africa (Egypt, South Africa, Saudi Arabia) Split by Product Types, with sales, revenue, price, market share of each type, can be divided into Double Edge Razor Blades Single Edge Razor Blades Split by applications, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Razor Blade in each application, can be divided into Men’s razors Women’s razor Avail 15% Discount on Corporate Users License Valid for the period from 15th May 2017 to 15th June 2017 Buy the Report@   http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/316145                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            About Us:                  Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customised reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialisation. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Us:       Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 Email ID: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Hyperbaric Oxygen Therapy (HBOT) Devices Market Analytical Overview, Growth Factors, Demand and Trends Forecast Report till 2021 Next PostNext Global Rotary Indexer Market Report and Industry Outlook, 2017 – 2022 Search Recent Posts Continuously Variable Transmissions (CVT) Sales Market Overview Investment Feasibility, Recent Trends & Development, Top Company Profiles & Forecast 2022 Primary Battery Market Outlook to 2022-Market Analysis by Geography, Type, Competitive Landscape, Key Company Information-Growth Trends and Forecasts Automotive Turbochargers Sales Market Technical Data, Manufacturing Plants Analysis, Gross Margin By Regions and Key Players 2017-2022 China Truck Trailers Market Overview Investment Feasibility, Recent Trends & Development, Top Company Profiles & Forecast 2022 China Dry Freight Van Trailers Market Systematic Analysis of Marketing Trader, Key Manufacturers & Manufacturing Processes & Cost Structures 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
MENU HOME SEARCH ABOUT Organization Public Affairs References NEWS Army Worldwide Press Releases STAND-TO! Soldier Features MEDIA Photos Videos Publication LEADERS Secretary Under Secretary Chief of Staff Vice Chief of Staff Sergeant Major of the Army FEATURES Valor Events Heritage Army 101 Official U.S. Army Facebook Official U.S. Army Twitter Official U.S. Army Youtube Official U.S. Army Flickr Official U.S. Army Instagram ARMY A-Z SOCIAL MEDIA AKO CONTACT US JOIN FAQS Search news, photos and videos on Army.mil Army Analysis Organizations Show High Return on Investment By Shannon L. RussMay 31, 2017 Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on Reddit Share on LinkedIn Share via Email 1 / 1 Show Caption + Hide Caption – (Photo Credit: U.S. Army) VIEW ORIGINAL WASHINGTON, DC (May 31, 2017) -- The U.S. Army, just like private industry perform studies and analysis to realize cost savings and avoidance, to inform decision-making by leadership, and to determine the appropriate direction in which to proceed. Measuring Business Intelligence (BI), analytics, and Return on Investment (ROI) are vital to all organizations, but how does the U.S. Army compare to private industry in terms of measuring and analyzing these initiatives? In terms of return on investment (ROI) -- a comparison of investment cost with gains or resulting cost savings and cost avoidance -- Army analysis compares favorably with private industry. The Army ensures all analytical efforts performed through the Army Study Program Management Office, which is responsible for allocation of centrally managed Headquarters, Department of the Army Study resources, undergo a rigorous review process which considers ROI among the highest-weighted decision factors. The Army places great value on its analytic community and the professional development of its members. The U.S. Army Training and Doctrine Command Analysis Center (TRAC) estimates that the cost to recruit, train, and retain a civilian ORSA is approximately $600,000 over seven years. The analytics conducted by internal Army analysis organizations result in similar, if not greater cost savings with higher returns on investment than Fortune 500 companies. For example, the team at TRAC leads a vast majority of studies called Analyses of Alternatives (AoA). A recent AoA analyzed replacement of the GATOR mine system at a cost of $6.9 million, but resulted in $5.6 billion in cost savings -- an 812:1 ROI. Another AoA conducted to analyze Humvee replacement cost TRAC $3.4 million and resulted in $19.4 billion in cost savings for the Army, realizing a 5,706:1 ROI. These are only two of many examples of cost savings realized by TRAC AoAs. The U.S. Army Materiel Systems Analysis Activity (AMSAA) also conducts AoAs. One effort that cost $3.3 million to conduct informed a preferred cost effective alternative decision, resulting in cost avoidance of $199 million and an ROI of 60:1. The AMSAA staff also provides analytical support to Army Materiel Command for Secondary Item Excess Inventory Reduction efforts at an annual cost of $150,000. The reduction efforts led to a cost avoidance of $56 million annually, realizing a ROI of 370:1. Significant ROI may be realized through cost avoidance or results that inform major decisions. This is especially true for the Army, where ROI may be realized through enhanced security or efficiency. Addressing a critical need for U.S. Central Command and the U.S. Government to identify and interdict illicit money transfers that finance terrorist activities, analysts at the Center for Army Analysis used big-data analytics to develop methods and tools that queried, merged, and compared multiple large databases. The results supported the exploitation of an international criminal cyber network's financial transactions, and represent substantial ROI in terms of avoided cost. Examples of cost savings and avoidance based on analysis from private industry are also numerous. Proctor & Gamble for example, has applied operations research methods to reorganize sourcing and distribution approaches, saving the company $200 million. The company relies heavily on their data analytics team for significant analyses on supply-chain structure and the team's recommendations have generated more than $1 billion in cost savings. General Motors (GM) also applies operations research methods to change the way it leverages advanced analytics; no area of GM appears to be untouched by analytical methods. General Motors estimates that savings resulting from the implementation of analytical efforts are estimated at more than $2 billion over the past two decades. The RAND Arroyo Center, the Army's primary Federally Funded Research and Development Center, receives funding from the Army to perform studies and analyses on an annual basis. RAND Arroyo Center support for the Army during Operation Iraqi Freedom/Operation Enduring Freedom (OIF/OEF) provides several examples of significant ROI. For example, multiple Arroyo Center projects developed enhanced business rules and algorithms for deciding when to retain and reutilize serviceable inventory in theater, rather than dispose of it or ship it back to the U.S. This resulted in a cost avoidance of $110 million. Since the initial cost of these efforts was $1.025 million, the Army realized a 100:1 ROI. Also in support of OIF/OEF, Arroyo Center analysis demonstrated that the Army could save significant resources and improve readiness by establishing an inventory buffer for high-demand but low-cost items in Kuwait, and replenishing those items by sealift. This analysis at a cost of $810,000, led to savings of more than $1 billion and a 1000:1 ROI. In the future, Fortune 500 corporations will continue to examine their strategies and their business capabilities to understand where they can get an analytical edge. The same is true for U.S. Army analytic organizations, as they focus on what makes their organizations distinctive and how analytics can support or drive a distinctive capability to achieve cost savings or improvements in efficiency or safety. RELATED LINKS Army Study Program Management Office US Army DCS G-8 RELATED STORIES May 25, 2017MWR Central trips relieve planning pressure, hidden costs April 19, 2017Fort Knox: Saving Money, Saving the Environment May 19, 2017Army recognizes best Lean Six Sigma initiatives May 24, 2017Military blood program surges to promising future May 28, 201782nd Airborne Paratroopers hold Strongman Competition in Iraq May 28, 2017Maj. Gen. Martin visits 2nd Brigade, 82nd Airborne patrol base in Iraq May 28, 20172nd Brigade, 82nd Airborne recons patrol base site for advise and assist mission May 20, 2017Lt. Gen. Townsend visits 82nd Airborne Paratroopers at Bakhira May 23, 2017Caring for others fuels nursing career pursuits May 20, 2017Combined Joint Forces Land Component Command leaders discuse future operations in Mosul May 20, 201782nd Airborne Paratroopers serve in Iraq as part of Coalition against ISIS May 20, 201782nd Airborne Paratrooper receives French award for Coalition service in Iraq May 12, 2017Research day gives peek at future of medicine May 10, 2017Marshall Center Course Strengthens Language Skills to Fight Organized Crime May 17, 2017Landstuhl SATCOM facility cuts ribbon on new building Official U.S. Army Facebook Official U.S. Army Twitter Official U.S. Army Youtube Official U.S. Army Flickr Official U.S. Army Instagram Home Contact Us Privacy Terms Of Use Accessibility/Section 508 FOIA No FEAR Act Social Sharing Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on Reddit Share on LinkedIn Share via Email
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In The Irish Times Fri, Jun 9, 2017 The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Businessperson Awards Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Who will be Leo Varadkar’s Minister for Finance? The incoming taoiseach faces a decision between Paschal Donohoe and Richard Bruton about 3 hours ago Sarah Bardon File image of Minister for Public Expenditure Paschal Donohoe and Minister for Education Richard Bruton. Photograph: Cyril Byrne/The Irish Times         The office of the minister for finance is the most coveted position in any government and arguably a more important role than that of the taoiseach. It is unclear what Leo Varadkar’s ambitions are for the department. He has floated the prospect of merging the department of public expenditure and reform with finance. There is also speculation that he will appoint one minister to oversee the two departments, assisted by two ministers of state. The shape of the department will determine its occupant. If there is only one department, the most likely incumbent will be the current Minister for Public Expenditure and Reform, Paschal Donohoe. However, if the incoming taoiseach leaves the two departments intact, Minister for Education Richard Bruton may win the prize of finance, something that eluded him under Enda Kenny’s tenure. As finance spokesman for Fine Gael from 2002 to 2010, Mr Bruton was destined for Merrion Street until his failed heave against Enda Kenny in 2010 ensured his relegation. It was he who proposed splitting the department of finance in two. In a document authored by Mr Bruton in 2010, Fine Gael argued for an Office of Public Spending and Modernisation to be established. The idea at that point was that the department of finance had failed. It had allowed systemic risks in the economy to build up and had an excessive breadth of responsibilities. Mr Bruton’s position has not changed over the past six years. Mr Donohoe, meanwhile, has effectively been doing two jobs for the past 18 months. As Michael Noonan’s health deteriorated, the Dublin Central TD was tasked with assisting the Minister for Finance, as well as doing his day job. Both men are well qualified for the role. Mr Bruton is an economist, who studied at Oxford University. The Dublin Bay North TD’s thesis at Oxford was on the subject of Irish public debt. Pat Leahy: What does the British result mean for Ireland? Mid Ulster: Francie Molloy’s mind turns to upcoming Stormont negotiations Fermanagh-South Tyrone: Gildernew beats Elliott to claim seat Mr Donohoe has a first class honours degree in politics and economics from Trinity College. He spent a decade working as a sales director for Procter & Gamble in the UK before devoting his career to politics. Influential Politically, Mr Varadkar is in a bind. Both men were hugely influential in his success in the Fine Gael leadership contest. Paschal Donohoe was seen as the kingmaker, but Richard Bruton was a huge coup. Hours into the campaign, Mr Bruton confirmed he would not contest the position and would be supporting Mr Varadkar. Mr Bruton called the two candidates to inform them of his decision. He managed to get in touch only with Simon Coveney. A reporter broke the news to Leo Varadkar at the end of the meeting. He was surprised to learn of Mr Bruton’s early declaration, although not stunned by his support. In a way, Mr Bruton’s support was a game-changer for Mr Varadkar. It allowed reluctant others to declare for Leo Varadkar. A day later Mr Donohoe confirmed the worst kept secret in politics. He was backing Mr Varadkar. This was a position he had made clear to his younger colleague a number of weeks beforehand. Paschal Donohoe is highly influential in the party. His support was vital for Mr Varadkar. Michael Noonan leaves the Department of Finance and the economy in a much more secure position than he found it in. However, the problems Fine Gael identified in 2010 remain. The Department of Finance, it said then, was too big and unfit for purpose. If merged with the Department of Public Expenditure (DPER) again, it may be too hefty for one minister and could leave the Government exposed. It may also be argued that income and expenditure should not be in separate government departments. Leo Varadkar, meanwhile, is left with the almost impossible choice of dividing or uniting the departments, and his supporters. CVs Name: Paschal Donohoe Age: 42 Position: Minister for Public Expenditure and Reform Previous experience: Honours in politics and economics; sales director with Procter & Gamble; minister of state at the department for European affairs 2013-2014; minister for transport 2014-2016; Minister for Public Expenditure and Reform 2016 to date Name: Richard Bruton Age: 64 Position: Minister for Education Previous experience: PhD in economics, Economic and Social Research Institute; minister for enterprise and employment from 1994 to 1997; Fine Gael finance spokesman from 2002-2010, minister for jobs, enterprise and investment 2011-2015; Minister for Education 2016 to date       Topics: Michael Noonan Paschal Donohoe Age Richard Bruton Department Of Public Expenditure Department of Finance Read More North Antrim: Ian Paisley sees ‘unionism awakening’ Strangford: Jim Shannon calls for unionists to stand under one banner Belfast West: Biggest vote Sinn Féin has ever received in constituency West Tyrone: Sinn Féin wins seat amid high nationalist turnout  Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Economy Wary Brussels faces Brexit conundrum after UK vote Work Why we should shed our ‘shoulds’ Gaelic Games Jackie Tyrrell: Cody will react and Cats will show their claws Economy Pink slime, the ‘two-pizza rule’ and Apple’s ‘biggest brain’ Sponsored Business Achievers allows Ulster Bank reboot business support ‘I’ve never let fear stop me from doing anything’ Impact of cyber threats on business set to increase Beauty with attitude: changing the conversation about ageing Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE GO BACK The account details entered are not currently associated with an Irish Times subscription. Please subscribe to sign in to comment. Comment Sign In I agree to the Terms & Conditions, community standards and Privacy Policy SIGN IN Forgot password? Thank you You should receive instructions for resetting your password. When you have reset your password, you can Sign In. Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Screen Name Selection Hello Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Only letters, numbers, periods and hyphens are allowed in screen names. CONFIRM Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE Forgot Password Please enter your email address so we can send you a link to reset your password. SUBMIT Sign In Your Comments Sign In Sign Out We reserve the right to remove any content at any time from this Community, including without limitation if it violates the Community Standards. We ask that you report content that you in good faith believe violates the above rules by clicking the Flag link next to the offending comment or by filling out this form. New comments are only accepted for 3 days from the date of publication. Latest Business Sterling trades lower as UK election result signals uncertainty 07:50 Why we should shed our ‘shoulds’ 07:15 Pink slime, the ‘two-pizza rule’ and Apple’s ‘biggest brain’ 07:15 Wary Brussels faces Brexit conundrum after UK vote 06:50 Seeing beyond the local saved and grew the family business 06:45 Most Read in Business 1 Who will be Leo Varadkar’s Minister for Finance? 2 Web Summit founder Paddy Cosgrave is more PR master than prodigal son 3 Sterling trades lower as UK election result signals uncertainty 4 Groundhog Day beckons for economy in danger of overheating 5 UK firm poaches IBI executive Leo Casey to lead €200m SME fund 6 Ireland victim of ‘black propaganda’ as Brexit jobs fight gets nasty 7 Seeing beyond the local saved and grew the family business 8 Revenue up but no 2016 profit for firm providing Ryanair crew 9 Pound falls sharply as hung parliament looms in UK 10 Wary Brussels faces Brexit conundrum after UK vote Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Fri 9/6/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Lions Tour Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
June 9, 2017 Facebook Twitter Pinterest YouTube RSS Follow Us Chestertown Spy An e-newspaper for Chestertown Maryland Home About The Chestertown Spy Contact Us Advertising & Underwriting Advertising Terms & Conditions Editors & Writers Board of Advisors Dedication & Acknowledgements Code of Ethics Terms of Use Technical FAQ Privacy Arts Food/Culture Ecosystem Education Health Local Life News P.O.V. Recovery Senior Nation You are here: Home / Archives / It’s the Last Picture Show at Chester 5 Theatres It’s the Last Picture Show at Chester 5 Theatres June 5, 2017 by Peter Heck 6 Comments The Chester 5 Theatres movie complex is closing. The Chester 5 Theatres at Washington Square shopping center in Chestertown closed after the final showing Sunday, June 4. The last show was Sunday night, June 4, according to an email to the Spy from a movie-goer who learned of the closing while at the theater. The films on display the final weekend were “Captain Underpants,” “Wonder Woman,” “Pirates of the Caribbean,” “Baywatch” and “Guardians of the Galaxy.” Manager Charlene Fowler, who has been at the theater 18 years, confirmed the closing in a phone call Monday morning. She said business has “dropped off” over the last five years, and the theater was no longer able to turn a profit. Asked what factors contributed to the downturn in business, Fowler said, “Middletown kind of hurt us.” She said the Westown Movies in Middletown has “more up-to-date” facilities, including slanted seating that gives a clear view of the screen from all seats. Also, she said, the Middletown theater has alcohol sales, which Chester 5 could not compete with. She also cited the presence of restaurants and shopping facilities in Middletown as factors that drew possible viewers away from Chestertown. “We had our regulars, but we didn’t draw from a very big crowd,” Fowler said. The comparatively small population of Kent County, along with a small number of the younger families who are typically the audience film makers aim their product toward, undoubtedly had an effect on the theater’s ability to draw. With Washington College between sessions, the timing of the closure is not surprising, either. Alexander, the movie-goer who told the Spy of the closing, said he and his wife were planning to attend the movies on Monday, because they enjoyed the free popcorn that was the theater’s promotion. But checking the website, they saw movie times listed only through Sunday. They decided to go on Saturday. While picking up their tickets, he joked with Fowler that the theater must be closing. She told him she had a meeting with the owners the next morning. Hearing that, the couple decided to return Sunday to see another film they were interested in. After that film, Fowler told them the theater was closing. She said the mall owner was not interested in bringing in another theater to replace it. Posters for two of the movies shown on the final weekend. Chester 5 Theatres were a division of P&G Theaters, which also owns the Essex 5 Theatres in Tappahannock, Va. There was no answer to a call to the number listed for the theater manager, but the recorded message listed showings through Thursday, with features much the same as at the Chester 5 Theaters. Fowler said she had seen declining sales at the theater since its conversion to digital technology about five years ago. She said she wasn’t sure whether options such as Netflix and cable TV movie channels were a factor in the drop in attendance. With the closing of the Chester 5 Theatres, the Westown Theater in Middletown is the closest movie venue to Chestertown, with theaters in Dover, Easton and Annapolis slightly farther away. Filed Under: Archives, Brevities, Portal Highlights ← Kent & Queen Anne Soroptimists Picnic June 19 | Lost Dog Alert: Gus is Missing in Quaker Neck → Cancel reply Name * Email * Website Letters to Editor Melinda Bookwalter says: June 5, 2017 at 11:24 PM Oops, forgot my last name: Bring back the bats . . . . : – ( Reply Barbara in den Bosch says: June 6, 2017 at 9:12 AM So sorry! Thanks for keeping it open so long! Reply John Trently says: June 6, 2017 at 11:05 AM My wife and I are new comers to the Chestertown area, and we absolutely love the small town theater. We are very sorry to see it go. Reply Michael P. whitenight says: June 6, 2017 at 8:36 PM First the bowling alley now the theater. Cheap entertainment options are quickly disappearing. Reply Martin Hersey says: June 7, 2017 at 2:43 AM I’m glad this theater is closing. It was a dirty, smelly, gloomy place. The movies they showed were uninteresting. People who parked there threw garbage out of their cars onto the grass. Reply Lindsey Yates says: June 8, 2017 at 4:42 PM I’m so sorry to see this lovely little theatre go. My boyfriend and I have 5 children and this was a wonderful way to treat the kids to a fun a day out. Reply Write a Letter to the Editor on this Article We encourage readers to offer their point of view on this article by submitting the following form. Editing is sometimes necessary and is done at the discretion of the editorial staff. The Chestertown Spy The Talbot Spy Top Stories Portal Highlight – Best of the Spy News Point of View Arts Culture Ecosystem Education Health Local Life Shore Recovery Spy Senior Nation About Subscribe Contact Us Advertising & Underwriting Return to top of page Copyright © 2017 · Spy Publications on Genesis Framework · WordPress · Log in
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Aktuality Nyheder Nachrichten Noticias Actualités Notizie Nieuws Nyheter Aktualności Notícias Новости Novinky Nyheter Uutiset Arnold Worldwide Aligns New Leadership Structure with Strategic Plan for the Future News provided by Arnold Worldwide 08 Jun, 2017, 17:06 ET Share this article BOSTON, June 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Creative agency Arnold Worldwide CEO Pam Hamlin has announced an evolution in the agency's North American leadership structure, designed to bring forth innovative capabilities and solutions to further enhance the client experience and fuel client and agency growth agendas. As part of its strategic plan for the future, Arnold will tap the expertise of proven agency leaders within this new structure and bring its legacy of award-winning creativity to emerging platforms to become an even stronger creative business partner to the modern CMO. Sasha Hartman, formerly EVP, Executive Marketing Director, has been elevated to President, Chief Client Officer in Boston. A 20-year industry veteran, Hartman began her career at Arnold in the '90s working on the Volkswagen "Drivers wanted" campaign. She then went to Hill Holliday, where she ran the Dunkin' Donuts business and helped lead the Liberty Mutual account before returning to Arnold to spearhead marketing for CenturyLink. In her new role, Hartman will be tasked with overseeing the Boston client portfolio and enhancing the overall client experience. As part of her charge, she will also lead the Marketing department in Boston, helping to shape the vision for the capability, service delivery and talent. Hartman will continue to serve as a trusted business advisor to key clients and will be responsible for delivering innovative marketing solutions to ultimately drive the partnerships and work forward. Elliott Seaborn, formerly Managing Director, Boston, has been named Chief Growth Officer for Arnold's North American operations. Prior to joining Arnold in 2011 to co-lead the Marketing function, Seaborn spent nearly a decade at Digitas, where he played a critical role in new business, repositioning the agency and overseeing key brands on the client roster, including some of the largest pieces of the General Motors account. As Arnold's Chief Growth Officer, Seaborn will lead business and brand development for the agency. He will be tasked with driving Arnold's brand reputation forward, helping to shape its strategic vision and point-of-view in the marketplace. In addition, he will refine and develop capabilities and service models to keep ahead of changing industry trends and better meet brand marketers' growth strategies. Seaborn will continue to serve as Executive Sponsor across several current client accounts. Lisa Unsworth, Managing Partner, CMO, whose tenure with Arnold began in 1998, has been appointed Managing Director, Director of Growth Platforms for North America. Unsworth began her career at Saatchi & Saatchi working on a range of CPG assignments for P&G and General Mills. She then moved to Houston Herstek Favat, where she was ultimately named agency President. Throughout her career, Unsworth has led award-winning work for iconic brands and public health organizations, including the truth® campaign, an anti-smoking effort that was recognized as one of the Top 10 Ad Campaigns of the 21st Century by AdAge. In her new role, Unsworth will provide executive marketing leadership across several Arnold clients and serve as a growth advisor across the agency's entire portfolio, bringing new platforms and capabilities to current clients. In addition, she will drive expanded integration opportunities between Arnold, Havas Village Boston entities and the broader Havas network. "Modern CMOs are demanding craft and creativity brought to life on the most engaging platforms. Arnold is an iconic creative agency that works with some of the world's best brands," said Paul Marobella, Chairman & CEO of Havas Creative US. "Having great people driven by Pam's leadership to help lead the way for the next phase of Arnold's growth is essential. Sasha, Elliott and Lisa are all impact players for this company and in their new roles will achieve new levels of success for the Arnold brand." ABOUT ARNOLD WORLDWIDE Arnold Worldwide is a global creative agency delivering services across all communication touch points – advertising, digital, promotions, direct, design and branded content. We are proud to represent a diverse portfolio of clients including Allergan, Angie's List, CenturyLink, Fidelity Investments, The Hershey Company, Huntington Bank, Jack Daniel's, Jergens, John Frieda, National Association of Realtors, Ocean Spray, Progressive, PUR, Sanofi, Sutter Health, and many other great brands. The agency is a global micro-network that is part of the Havas Group. http://arn.com Contact: Ginger Ludwig, gludwig@arn.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/arnold-worldwide-aligns-new-leadership-structure-with-strategic-plan-for-the-future-300471407.html SOURCE Arnold Worldwide Related Links http://arn.com 06 Mar, 2017, 17:24 ET Preview: Arnold Worldwide Names Tenny Pearson Managing Director My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 06 Mar, 2017, 17:24 ET Arnold Worldwide Names Tenny Pearson Managing Director Explore More news releases in similar topics Advertising Personnel Announcements You just read: Arnold Worldwide Aligns New Leadership Structure with Strategic Plan for the Future News provided by Arnold Worldwide 08 Jun, 2017, 17:06 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Aktuality Nyheder Nachrichten Noticias Actualités Notizie Nieuws Nyheter Aktualności Notícias Новости Novinky Nyheter Uutiset Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Latest News Dow 21,183 +8.84 +0.04% Nasdaq 6,322 +24.38 +0.39% S&P 500 2,434 +0.65 +0.03% 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens flat at 12,713.60 3:02 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 250 opens 0.3% lower at 19,686.92 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.2% higher at 5,275.41 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.3% lower at 387.98 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.8% higher at 7,504.09 3:00 A.M. ET Dollar rises, pound hits 7-week low as U.K. heads for ‘hung parliament’ 2:47 A.M. ET FTSE 100 futures swing higher as pound sinks to 7-week low 2:42 A.M. ET U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May doesn't plan to resign: reports 2:37 A.M. ET Updated ‘Worst possible outcome’ — analysts react to U.K. early election results 2:34 A.M. ET Updated Pressure mounts on U.K. PM May to resign as Conservatives set to lose majority 2:14 A.M. ET I Don't Do Windows—the Robots Do 1:48 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 futures up 0.2%, turning higher as pound slides 1:03 A.M. ET Copycats of Chinese Tech Pop Up in U.S. 12:58 A.M. ET Oil prices pinned down by strong dollar, supply worries 6/08 Kakao CEO: Next Messenger Will Be a Virtual Assistant 12:19 A.M. ET Japan passes bill allowing 83-year-old emperor to abdicate 6/08 Moderate uptick in China's May consumer inflation 6/08 Updated U.K. election: So what is a hung parliament? 6/08 The Future of Ride-Hailing Apps, as Seen by Grab 6/08 Updated 2 police officers struck by pickup in Washington D.C. Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Arnold Worldwide Aligns New Leadership Structure with Strategic Plan for the Future By Published: June 8, 2017 5:06 p.m. ET Share BOSTON, June 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Creative agency Arnold Worldwide CEO Pam Hamlin has announced an evolution in the agency's North American leadership structure, designed to bring forth innovative capabilities and solutions to further enhance the client experience and fuel client and agency growth agendas. As part of its strategic plan for the future, Arnold will tap the expertise of proven agency leaders within this new structure and bring its legacy of award-winning creativity to emerging platforms to become an even stronger creative business partner to the modern CMO. Sasha Hartman, formerly EVP, Executive Marketing Director, has been elevated to President, Chief Client Officer in Boston. A 20-year industry veteran, Hartman began her career at Arnold in the '90s working on the Volkswagen "Drivers wanted" campaign. She then went to Hill Holliday, where she ran the Dunkin' Donuts business and helped lead the Liberty Mutual account before returning to Arnold to spearhead marketing for CenturyLink. In her new role, Hartman will be tasked with overseeing the Boston client portfolio and enhancing the overall client experience. As part of her charge, she will also lead the Marketing department in Boston, helping to shape the vision for the capability, service delivery and talent. Hartman will continue to serve as a trusted business advisor to key clients and will be responsible for delivering innovative marketing solutions to ultimately drive the partnerships and work forward. Elliott Seaborn, formerly Managing Director, Boston, has been named Chief Growth Officer for Arnold's North American operations. Prior to joining Arnold in 2011 to co-lead the Marketing function, Seaborn spent nearly a decade at Digitas, where he played a critical role in new business, repositioning the agency and overseeing key brands on the client roster, including some of the largest pieces of the General Motors account. As Arnold's Chief Growth Officer, Seaborn will lead business and brand development for the agency. He will be tasked with driving Arnold's brand reputation forward, helping to shape its strategic vision and point-of-view in the marketplace. In addition, he will refine and develop capabilities and service models to keep ahead of changing industry trends and better meet brand marketers' growth strategies. Seaborn will continue to serve as Executive Sponsor across several current client accounts. Lisa Unsworth, Managing Partner, CMO, whose tenure with Arnold began in 1998, has been appointed Managing Director, Director of Growth Platforms for North America. Unsworth began her career at Saatchi & Saatchi working on a range of CPG assignments for P&G and General Mills. She then moved to Houston Herstek Favat, where she was ultimately named agency President. Throughout her career, Unsworth has led award-winning work for iconic brands and public health organizations, including the truth® campaign, an anti-smoking effort that was recognized as one of the Top 10 Ad Campaigns of the 21st Century by AdAge. In her new role, Unsworth will provide executive marketing leadership across several Arnold clients and serve as a growth advisor across the agency's entire portfolio, bringing new platforms and capabilities to current clients. In addition, she will drive expanded integration opportunities between Arnold, Havas Village Boston entities and the broader Havas network. "Modern CMOs are demanding craft and creativity brought to life on the most engaging platforms. Arnold is an iconic creative agency that works with some of the world's best brands," said Paul Marobella, Chairman & CEO of Havas Creative US. "Having great people driven by Pam's leadership to help lead the way for the next phase of Arnold's growth is essential. Sasha, Elliott and Lisa are all impact players for this company and in their new roles will achieve new levels of success for the Arnold brand." ABOUT ARNOLD WORLDWIDE Arnold Worldwide is a global creative agency delivering services across all communication touch points – advertising, digital, promotions, direct, design and branded content. We are proud to represent a diverse portfolio of clients including Allergan, Angie's List, CenturyLink, Fidelity Investments, The Hershey Company, Huntington Bank, Jack Daniel's, Jergens, John Frieda, National Association of Realtors, Ocean Spray, Progressive, PUR, Sanofi, Sutter Health, and many other great brands. The agency is a global micro-network that is part of the Havas Group. http://arn.com Contact: Ginger Ludwig, gludwig@arn.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/arnold-worldwide-aligns-new-leadership-structure-with-strategic-plan-for-the-future-300471407.html SOURCE Arnold Worldwide Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved From MarketWatch More Coverage U.K. election: So what is a hung parliament? Is bitcoin in a bubble? This metric suggests there’s more room to grow Here are the key takeaways from Comey’s testimony MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Search News Morning Twist Music Sports Events NOLA Marketplace About Sections 78° Low: 69° High: 84° Fri Mostly Sunny 69° 85° Sat Mostly Sunny 73° 85° Sun Thunderstorms 75° 84° See Complete Forecast Severe Weather Alert 78° Replay: News With A Twist at 10pm Report: Drew Brees is the 11th highest paid athlete in the world Posted: 3:02 p.m., June 8, 2017 Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Print NEW ORLEANS, LA - DECEMBER 06: Drew Brees #9 of the New Orleans Saints celebrates after his team makes a 2 point conversion against the Carolina Panthers at Mercedes-Benz Superdome on December 6, 2015 in New Orleans, Louisiana. (Photo by Sean Gardner/Getty Images) × Report: Drew Brees is the 11th highest paid athlete in the world NEW ORLEANS, LA - DECEMBER 06: Drew Brees #9 of the New Orleans Saints celebrates after his team makes a 2 point conversion against the Carolina Panthers at Mercedes-Benz Superdome on December 6, 2015 in New Orleans, Louisiana. (Photo by Sean Gardner/Getty Images) NEW ORLEANS — Forbes has released its 2017 list of the 100 highest paid athletes in the world, and Drew Brees is pretty high on the list. The New Orleans Saints quarterback is No. 11, taking in $45.3 million in 2016, according to the report. Brees got $31.3 million in 2016 from the Saints and raked in a whopping $14 million in endorsements. Those endorsements include Nike, Procter & Gamble, PepsiCo, Advocare, Wrangler, Verizon and Microsoft. Saints Wrap-up Second Week of OTAs Forbes also notes that The Brees Dream Foundation has given more than $25 million to various charities in New Orleans, San Diego and West Lafayette/Purdue, Indiana. Here’s what Forbes had to say about Brees: Drew Brees signed a contract extension with the New Orleans Saints just ahead of the 2016 season which included a $30 million signing bonus. It replaced the final year of his previous five-year, $100 million pact. Brees has racked up nine Pro Bowl selections and a Super Bowl title since he joined the New Orleans Saints in 2006 (he also made a Pro Bowl in San Diego in 2004). He ranks third on the all-time passing touchdowns and passes completed lists and first on both among active players. So, who was No. 1? According to Forbes, it’s soccer player Cristiano Ronaldo, who earned an astonishing $93 million last year. The only other NFL player who ranks higher on the list than Brees is Indianapolis Colts quarterback Andrew Luck. Read the full report here. Related Stories What would Sean Payton be doing if he weren’t coaching the Saints? NFL schedule 2017: These are the must-watch games for each week Authors: WGNO Web Desk Filed in: Sports Topics: Drew Brees, New Orleans Saints 228 Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel More in Sports Payton: Nick Fairley’s condition ‘significant and serious’ More from WGNO Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App facebook twitter instagram pinterest Email Alerts About & Contact Screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • EEO Report • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 1 Galleria Blvd., Suite 850 Metairie, LA 70001 • Copyright © 2017, WGNO • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Post to Cancel
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Corporate Trends LATEST NEWS Rift in Maharashtra ruling alliance widens, BJP in a fix over Agri unrest Arab nations add names to terror list amid Qatar dispute Chhota Shakeel's aide arrested, was planning to target Tarek Fateh Indian culture has soft power to make it influential leader: Shashi Tharoor Exiled Chinese tycoon Guo Wengui fraudulently obtained big loans, employees tell court Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio News Company Industry Economy AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy Politics and Nation Brandwire Banking/FinanceMedia/EntertainmentNGOs & CSRServicesTechnologyMisc. Defence Mobility & WeaponsEquipment & OrdnanceAnalysis & Geo-StrategyInternal SecurityIndustryPeopleInternationalPolicy & Govt International BusinessWorld News India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRET 2Good 4GoodCSR CompendiumCSR Practitioner SeriesNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives More SportsScienceEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented Corporate TrendsDeals ET Home›News›Company›Corporate Trends 11:58 AM | 09 Junmarket stats SENSEX 31,156-57.61 NIFTY 50 9,628-19.15 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 29,071-60.00 USD/INR 64.250.04 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Fewer crorepatis at HUL amid slower growth and role rejig By Sreeradha Dasgupta Basu & Sagar Malviya , ET Bureau | Updated: Jun 09, 2017, 01.27 AM IST Post a Comment Sales and profit expanded in low single digits at the maker of Dove soap-cakes, Close Up toothpastes, and Fair & Lovely skin-creams. Photo: hul.co.in Company Summary NSE BSE HUL Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Hindustan UniLever Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Generate Enquiries for your Business by Listing on Economictimes.com List Your Business Find Service Near You MUMBAI: Earning eight-figure salaries at India’s biggest consumer company Hindustan Unilever has become a tad difficult – and merging job roles may not make things easier for managers seeking membership of the elite club. The number of HUL executives drawing a crore-plus rupees last fiscal fell slightly, as sales and profit expanded in low single digits at the maker of Dove soap-cakes, Close Up toothpastes, and Fair & Lovely skin-creams. From 129 in FY16, the number of crorepati managers dropped to 125 in FY17. In FY15, the company had 169 such managers. “The number of people required to man marketing, finance and commercial management has been rationalised. People are getting bigger portfolios and, hence, there are fewer people doing bigger jobs. Therefore, compensation for the top few would likely be higher,” said R Suresh, a corporate advisor to large groups. CEO Sanjiv Mehta saw a 2% salary increase to `14.2 crore. But some executives in the elite club had their pay packets trimmed during the year, the latest HUL annual report showed. Paychecks may have lost a few lakhs because of lower variable pay or stock disbursements. The average percentage increase in the salaries of non-managerial staff was 5.57%. By contrast, the rise in managerial pay halved to 3.1% from a year-ago period. The crorepati managers, representing about 2% of HUL’s total workforce, drew home a combined salary of Rs 276 crore — more than the total staff costs at rivals such as Marico and Procter & Gamble Health and Hygiene. For its part, HUL said the increases in managerial pay reflected the reality of the competitive landscape. The average increases are an outcome of the company’s market competitiveness against that of its peers, HUL said in the annual report. The company’s business grew 4%, with underlying volume growth increasing 1%. Profit before exceptional items increased 3%. “At HUL, our reward philosophy is to ensure our employees are paid market competitive total reward, which is in line with our performance culture. The remuneration paid out to our employees is in line with our reward policies and it is inappropriate to do a year-on-year comparison of the number of individuals earning above a certain range,” HUL told ET in an e-mail. Managers in HUL — often referred to as a CEO factory — have the option to defer a part of their bonus and receive a larger amount (higher than what they deferred), based on the company’s performance in the following three years. Arun Das Mahapatra, partner in charge of Heidrick & Struggles in India, said HUL hardly hires people from outside, and prefers to groom internal talent. Comments(0)Add Comments Fewer crorepatis at HUL amid slower growth and role rejig To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter READ MORE ONHUL employeesHULHindustan UniLevercrorepatis at HUL Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Invest in your dream home in India GODREJ PROPERTIES In conversation with Sam Jain. State Farm Insurance My Son may not live to see his 2nd Birthday! MilaapMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Donald Trump backs H-1B reforms bill: US lawmaker LG Electronics rejigs India leadership in bid to spur growth Australia marks 25 years of unbroken economic growth From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Actresses who rejected roles opposite the Khans BOLLYWOODUNION Top 13 vacation destinations in the U.S.A Viral Vacation Ideas A Family battles to save their 9-yr-old Son! Milaap 21 richest actresses of the world SocialDaft! BSNL may cut tariff to take on Jio's fibre broadband IIT-Bombay, IIT-Delhi, IISc among world's best institutes BJP keeps fingers crossed as farmers grow impatient Infosys founders looking to sell their stake in company Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented No terror havens in Pakistan, says top diplomat; audience bursts into laughter Pakistan diplomat laughed at for saying no safe sanctuaries for terrorists in Pakistan France's Dassault to bring in largest defence FDI via Rafale JV with Reliance Defence View: Will Modi keep his Paris pledge or dump it like Trump did? These 3 factors will decide I-T department will probe cases of spike in income under revised returns More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebICC Champions Trophy Live Score|Narendra Modi in Russia Top 10 mutual funds|RERA BSE Sensex|Gold rate today Sensex Live Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Policy LATEST NEWS Arab nations add names to terror list amid Qatar dispute Chhota Shakeel's aide arrested, was planning to target Tarek Fateh Indian culture has soft power to make it influential leader: Shashi Tharoor Exiled Chinese tycoon Guo Wengui fraudulently obtained big loans, employees tell court Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio News Company Corporate TrendsDeals Industry Economy Politics and Nation Brandwire Banking/FinanceMedia/EntertainmentNGOs & CSRServicesTechnologyMisc. Defence Mobility & WeaponsEquipment & OrdnanceAnalysis & Geo-StrategyInternal SecurityIndustryPeopleInternationalPolicy & Govt International BusinessWorld News India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRET 2Good 4GoodCSR CompendiumCSR Practitioner SeriesNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives More SportsScienceEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy ET Home›News›Economy›Policy 11:58 AM | 09 Junmarket stats SENSEX 31,156-57.61 NIFTY 50 9,628-19.15 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 29,071-60.00 USD/INR 64.250.04 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Anti-profiteering turns out to be weighty issue for FMCG companies By Sachin Dave , ET Bureau | Jun 08, 2017, 11.58 PM IST Post a Comment Under anti-profiteering rules of GST, any company or vendor whose profits jump due to the new tax regime must pass on the benefits to consumers. Company Summary NSE BSE Hindustan Unilever L... Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Generate Enquiries for your Business by Listing on Economictimes.com List Your Business Find Service Near You MUMBAI: If you buy a soap or a bottle of shampoo this month, chances are it will weigh less than what it did about a month ago. The difference in weight could be there because of fast-moving consumer goods (FMCG) companies, fearing penalties in case their profits go up after the goods and services tax (GST) comes into force, are adopting innovative price/value strategies to insulate themselves. Under anti-profiteering rules of GST, any company or vendor whose profits jump due to the new tax regime must pass on the benefits to consumers. So, companies are adopting this temporary measure and would bring the prices back to where they were after GST. Many FMCG companies, which think their profits might surge due to changes in taxation and new credit mechanisms under GST, are trying to prop up profits now so that after July 1 they can claim that the jump is not due to new taxation. Contract manufacturers of FMCG companies, company insiders, tax experts and government officials say FMCG companies are adopting two-three strategies to protect themselves against anti-profiteering laws. One is reducing weight of the products. In this case, a company might change the weight of a shampoo bottle from 180 gram to 175 gram, though its maximum retail price will remain unchanged. Companies are at liberty to launch new products and pass them as new pack sizes. But the idea is to show a higher profit in the month preceding the introduction of GST. In the second method, some companies are asking their contract manufacturers to increase their price to company, citing jump in input costs. “Companies have been asking their vendors to increase the prices so that they can pass it on to customers,” a person with direct knowledge of the matter said, adding, “The companies would then, claim the price increase by their vendors is due to inflation or rise in material costs.” The third way the companies are going about this is by tweaking formulas of their products. “Vendors have been asked to dilute some of the products, such as shampoos and body wash,” another person in the know said, adding that changing product composition is also aimed at reducing the cost. Most of the companies, including HUL, P&G and Marico, have increased their prices across most categories in the past couple of months or are looking to do so this month. These companies, however, attribute the price rise to inflation and an increase in input costs. A revenue official based in Mumbai said that changes in product sizes and the composition also pose a problem for the government. “If there is a jump in profits from a product (after GST), the company can say it’s not an apple-to-apple comparison because the size and composition of the product is different,” he said. The key objective in all the strategies adopted by FMCG companies is to increase the profits in June. This is mainly because if the profits jump after July, it cannot be attributed to GST. Industry trackers say it would be anyway tough for the government to go about with anti-profiteering. Also, experts say about 80% of industries in India do not indulge in cartelisation, and therefore the competition will ensure they pass on the benefits to consumers. Companies also fear that any increase in profits due to reasons other than GST may also be construed as anti-profiteering, say experts. “The anti-profiteering legislation has been drafted in a very wide manner, which may give rise to misinterpretations and disputes with businesses. Any change in prices or profitability may not be due to tax rate reduction or increase in input-tax credits, and there are several other factors which could potentially be misread by tax authorities,” said MS Mani, senior director, Deloitte Haskins & Sells. Comments(0)Add Comments Anti-profiteering turns out to be weighty issue for FMCG companies To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read EY launches DigiGST to help businesses comply with GST Is GST a Boon or a Bane? Majority wants GST to be postponed: Survey Agarbatti makers seek GST relief How GST impacts FMCG firms READ MORE ONMaricoHindustan Unilever Ltd.GSTfmcg Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Invest in your dream home in India GODREJ PROPERTIES In conversation with Sam Jain. State Farm Insurance My Son may not live to see his 2nd Birthday! MilaapMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES New rules to cut transfer pricing disputes India 'bright spot' for global steel output growth: Report International Business, World & Global Business News From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Actresses who rejected roles opposite the Khans BOLLYWOODUNION 3 Myths About Eye Health for Women Over 60 Sixty & Me | My Cataracts Say I Do to These Romantic Connecticut Wedding Spots Connecticut Tourism This Is The Best Way To Preserve Your Data Online Cloud Storage Sponsored Ads Railways - Transportation - Industry SBI snaps line of credit to stressed telecom companies National & Political News - Economic Times Indian Monetary and Trade Policy News Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented No terror havens in Pakistan, says top diplomat; audience bursts into laughter Pakistan diplomat laughed at for saying no safe sanctuaries for terrorists in Pakistan France's Dassault to bring in largest defence FDI via Rafale JV with Reliance Defence View: Will Modi keep his Paris pledge or dump it like Trump did? These 3 factors will decide I-T department will probe cases of spike in income under revised returns More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebICC Champions Trophy Live Score|Narendra Modi in Russia Top 10 mutual funds|RERA BSE Sensex|Gold rate today Sensex Live Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Baby Care Products Global Market by Skin Care Products & Data Validation, Analysis and Forecast 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Baby Care Products Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, June 08, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the baby care products market is valued at $58.43 billion in 2015 and is projected to reach $102.31 million by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 8.3% from 2015 to 2022. Rapidly increasing baby population in emerging countries is the key driver for the growth of baby care products market. Additionally, changing lifestyle of consumers with increasing disposable income in emerging economies, growing number of working mothers, rising awareness of consumers about child hygiene and increased spending on baby care products are the factors favouring the market growth. However, stringent regulations regarding usage of chemicals and high product development and innovation costs are the factors hindering the market growth. For more information @ http://www.reportsweb.com/baby-care-products-global-market-outlook-2015-2022 Baby skin care products and toiletries accounted a major share in baby care products market over the forecast period. At present, the penetration of baby hair care products has smaller market, however this segment is likely to witness highest growth during the forecast period. North America and Europe are the major markets for baby care products. Asia Pacific is expected to witness highest growth on account of rapidly increasing child population, considerably rising disposable incomes and changing lifestyle of consumers in emerging countries such as China and India. Some of the key players in the global market include Abbott Nutrition, Alliance Boots, Asda Group Ltd., Dabur, Johnson & Johnson, Kimberly-Clark, Nestle, Nivea, Oral B Laboratories Ltd., Procter & Gamble Company, Unilever, Himalaya Drug Company, Wipro, Fisher-Price and Marico. Baby Cosmetics and Toiletries Covered: -Baby Skin Care Products -Baby Powder -Baby Massage Oil -Body Lotions -Creams/Moisturizers/Jelly -Bath Products -Baby Soaps -Bubble Bath/Shower gel -Baby Hair Care Products -Detangles -Baby Shampoo and Conditioner -Other Cosmetics and Toiletries -Baby Wipes -Baby Fragrances/Perfumes -Diapers Baby Foods Covered: -Baby Milk Product -Desserts -Animal Milk -Yogurt -Frozen Baby Food -Frozen Fruits Baby Food -Frozen Vegetarian Baby Food -Frozen Non-Vegetarian Baby Food -Baby Juice Market -Baby Fruit Juice -Mixed Juices -Baby Vegetable Juices -Baby Food Snacks -Biscuit/Cookies -Rusks -Puffs -Baby Food Soups -Non-vegetarian soup -Vegetarian soup -Pureed Baby Food -Baby Fruit Juices -Baby Vegetable Juices -Baby Food Cereals Baby Safety and Convenience Covered: -Baby Strollers -Baby Car Seats Request Sample Copy http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001322748/sample Regions Covered: -North America -US -Canada -Mexico -Europe -Germany -France -Italy -UK -Spain -Rest of Europe -Asia Pacific -Japan -China -India -Australia -New Zealand -Rest of Asia Pacific -Rest of the World -Middle East -Brazil -Argentina -South Africa -Egypt 10 Company Profiling 10.1 Abbott Nutrition 10.2 Alliance Boots 10.3 Asda Group Ltd. 10.4 Dabur 10.5 Johnson & Johnson 10.6 Kimberly-Clark 10.7 Nestle 10.8 Nivea 10.9 Oral B Laboratories Ltd. 10.10 Procter & Gamble Company 10.11 Unilever 10.12 Himalaya Drug Company 10.13 Wipro 10.14 Fisher-Price 10.15 Marico Make an enquiry: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001322748/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In The Irish Times Fri, Jun 9, 2017 The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In News Environment Water Charges All News Ireland Irish News World UK UK election Europe US Africa Middle East Asia-Pacific Politics Oireachtas FG leadership race Poll Assembly Election Election 2016 Crime & Law Social Affairs Religion & Beliefs Health Education Student Hub Brexit Courts Irish Times Data Environment Science Consumer Offbeat In Depth Specials UK election Terror attacks Trump presidency Podcasts Inside Politics World View Subscriptions ePaper Newspaper Archive By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Microbeads: The facts, the fears and the fight have them banned Q&A: Consuming water or food containing microbeads carries a series of ‘potential risks’ about 16 hours ago Kevin O'Sullivan Video Images Scientists at the Marine and Freshwater Research Centre at the Galway-Mayo Institute of Technology are trying to find out how plastic pollution is impacting the environment and human health. Video: Kathleen Harris There are about 100,000 microbeads in a facewash product.         What are microbeads? Microbeads are tiny pieces of plastic frequently used in cosmetic and cleansing products. They are less than 5mm in diameter. They are found in toothpastes, shower gels, defoliants, bodywashes, face scrubs,detergents, cleansing agents, sunscreens, scouring agents and synthetic fibres in clothing. Invented in the 1980s, they had medical applications including in Aids testing and cancer treatments but began to get a notorious reputation when they were increasing found in marine environments.They are too small to be removed by sewage filtration systems and end up in rivers and oceans, where they are ingested by birds, fish and other marine life. What are they used for? Microbeads are used to give products their gritty texture, or in some instances a smooth structure. How prevalent are they? There are about 100,000 microbeads in a facewash product. A single shower can result in 100,000 plastic particles entering the ocean, according to one estimate – the number that gets washed down plugholes in the US every day has been calculated at about 808 trillion. They get eaten by tiny plankton and work their way up the food chain where they have been found in the stomachs of large fish and fish-eating birds. Public health at risk from rising use of microbeads, says EPA Coveney seeks views on microbead ban Ireland should ban microbeads, says top marine biologist The amount of plastic waste created in Ireland is unknown, as the EPA is only obliged to report on plastic packaging waste. Microplastic waste created by a range of industries is currently not measured or regulated, although new research from Galway Mayo Institute of Technology gives an indication of its occurrence in rivers and lakes. Some 90 per cent of microplastics, it found, are channelled through the waste water treatment system and is ending up in sewage sludge and 10 per cent is still going out in treated water, which then goes back into our rivers and lakes. We apply sewage sludge mostly to agricultural land for tillage yet we don’t know or understand what happens to it after that. Marine experts fear there could be more plastic than fish in the ocean by 2050, measured by weight, according to a factsheet from the Ellen MacArthur Foundation, a UK-based charity working to end waste in the economy. Plastic is omnipresent in oceans, it notes – the same goes for microbeads. Where are mircobeads banned? The Netherlands banned them in 2014, the US in 2015 and Canada in 2016. The UK has followed suit with a plan to ban microbeads in cosmetics by the end of 2017. Some cosmetic companies have also stopped using them voluntarily. In 2012 Unilever said it would no longer put them in its products, while L’Oréal and Procter & Gamble have also said they will stop using them. Boots removed microbeads from its own brands in 2014. What are the implications for human health? So far there is no scientific evidence that microplastics pose a risk to humans when passed up the food chain by fish but there is growing concern about the possibility. A review by the European Food Safety Authority says the digestive tract of marine organisms contains the largest quantities of microplastics but this part is normally discarded before consumption. However, the digestive tract of bivalves such as mussels is eaten. It says microplastics are likely to originate from other sources than the food itself, e.g. processing aids, water, air or being release from machinery, equipment and textiles. It is therefore possible that the amount of microplastics increases during processing. The GMIT study, however, outlines a series of “potential risks” to humans from drinking water or eating food that contains microbeads. What can you do to minimise their use? Consumers can help by checking product labels for cosmetics and cleaners to see if they certify they are microplastic free. Scientists at the University of Bath have developed biodegradable cellulose microbeads that could replace plastic versions, but this promising breakthrough is likely to take some years before they may be routinely used in commercial products. In the meantime, natural, biodegradable, alternatives to microbeads exist, such as jojoba beads, apricot kernels, ground nutshells and salt.       Topics: plastic microbeads More from The Irish Times UK 1:25 UK election: Britain wakes up to hung parliament Opinion Court redress is becoming the preserve of the wealthy Gaelic Games Jackie Tyrrell: Cody will react and Cats will show their claws Energy & Resources Providence shares up over 8% in early trade after new agreement More in Sponsored Business Achievers allows Ulster Bank reboot business support ‘I’ve never let fear stop me from doing anything’ Impact of cyber threats on business set to increase Beauty with attitude: changing the conversation about ageing Have you seen illegal dumping? If you have spotted illegal dumping in your area we'd like to hear about it   Join our campaign on Facebook Crude overfishing means the world is no longer oysters’ Michael Viney The native oyster’s history tells both of a great loss from the coast’s ecosystem Michael Viney: Animals were put on Earth to fart around Michael Viney The sight of sheep at a hedge got me thinking about animal curiosity Why is the sea blue, and why can’t dogs see all the colours that we can? Michael Viney Michael Viney: You might wonder if any living thing sees Earth’s ‘true’ colours at all Most Read in News 1 UK election: Britain wakes up to hung parliament 2 Hundreds come forward to complain about Ryanair seat allocation 3 UK election: ‘Perfect territory’ for DUP asTories fall short 4 Pat Leahy: What does the British result mean for Ireland? 5 May's political career is over, her authority destroyed Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Water charges Full coverage: Half a million still not registered with Irish Water   Latest Ireland Pat Leahy: What does the British result mean for Ireland? 07:48 Leaving and Junior Cert: 6 things you need to know 07:22 Mid Ulster: Francie Molloy’s mind turns to upcoming Stormont negotiations 07:05 Fermanagh-South Tyrone: Gildernew beats Elliott to claim seat 06:54 North Antrim: Ian Paisley sees ‘unionism awakening’ 06:53 Features & Opinion Poolbeg incinerator incident is a major mishap Analysis: Hospitalisation of 11 workers adds to the pressure on the Dublin plant Turning food waste into profit A restaurant loses €24,000 a year to food waste, a hotel €150,000 – so tackling it makes sense Is the Great Barrier Reef too big to fail? Unfortunately not If the oceans’ coral reefs die, it will spell disaster for much of the world’s marine life Irish Times News Follow @IrishTimesNews News - direct to your inbox Which Daily Digest would you like? Morning Lunchtime Both Google ID Name Surname Email Sign Up Crossword Club The Crossword Club provides access to an archive of more than 6,000 interactive crosswords from The Irish Times. Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Fri 9/6/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Lions Tour Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
the economist Topics down icon Sections Latest updates Leaders Briefing United States The Americas Asia China Middle East and Africa Europe Britain International Business Finance and economics Science and technology Books and arts Obituary Special report Technology Quarterly Debates Media Audio edition Economist Films Economist Radio The Economist apps Blogs Bagehot’s notebook Buttonwood’s notebook Democracy in America Erasmus Free exchange Game theory Graphic detail Gulliver Kaffeeklatsch Prospero Speakers’ Corner The Economist explainsPrint edition More down icon Apps & Digital Editions The Economist apps Espresso Global Business Review World in Figures Other Publications 1843 Magazine The World In The World If Media Audio edition Economist Films Economist Radio From The Economist Group Events Jobs Board Which MBA Executive Education Navigator Online GMAT prep Online GRE prep Learning.ly The Economist Store Subscribe user iconLog in or registerManage subscription down icon Log in New to The Economist? Register now Activate your digital subscription Manage your subscription Renew your subscription magnifier iconSearch hamburger icon close icon Topics up icon Latest updates Leaders Briefing United States The Americas Asia China Middle East and Africa Europe Britain International Business Finance and economics Science and technology Books and arts Obituary Special report Technology Quarterly Debates Blogs up icon Bagehot’s notebook Buttonwood’s notebook Democracy in America Erasmus Free exchange Game theory Graphic detail Gulliver Kaffeeklatsch Prospero Speakers’ Corner The Economist explains Print Edition Audio edition Economist Films Economist Radio The Economist apps More up icon The Economist apps Espresso Global Business Review World in Figures Events Jobs Board Which MBA Executive Education Navigator Online GMAT prep Online GRE prep Learning.ly The Economist StoreSubscribe Body languageHow retailers are watching shoppers’ emotions CCTV, thermal-imaging cameras, EEG caps and other kit boost sales print-edition icon Print edition | BusinessJun 8th 2017 twitter icon facebook icon linkedin icon mail icon print icon FOR eight months up to this April, a French bookstore chain had video in a Paris shop fed to software that scrutinises shoppers’ movements and facial expressions for surprise, dissatisfaction, confusion or hesitation. When a shopper walked to the end of an aisle only to return with a frown to a bookshelf, the software discreetly messaged clerks, who went to help. Sales rose by a tenth. The bookseller wants to keep its name quiet for now. Other French clients of the Paris startup behind the technology, Angus.ai, are testing it in research shops that are not open to the public. They include Aéroports de Paris, an airport owner; LVMH, a luxury conglomerate; and Carrefour, a chain of hypermarkets. In a test at a Mothercare shop in Tallinn, Estonia, software from Realeyes, an emotion-detection firm based in London, showed that shoppers who entered smiling spent a third more than others. Latest updates The Tories’ hopes of gaining ground in Wales are dashed Speakers’ Corneran hour ago The SNP has misjudged the mood north of the border Speakers’ Corneran hour ago Why is Swedish monetary policy so loose? The Economist explains2 hours ago The lesson from tonight’s astonishing results: campaigns matter Bagehot's notebook3 hours ago Is the UK Independence Party finished? Speakers’ Corner4 hours ago The Economist’s projection: 320 seats for the Conservatives Graphic detail4 hours ago See all updates Simple video yields a lot of insight. But there are far more sophisticated and initmate ways of learning about emotions of shoppers. Thermal-imaging cameras can detect the heart rate. Wirelessly captured data from smartphone accelerometers can suggest when shoppers become fascinated (movement often stops) or are fretting over prices (a phone is repeatedly raised to search for cheaper products online). For even more insights, shoppers are sometimes asked to don special kit, typically in exchange for a discount or other reward. Wearable “galvanometer” gadgets, for example, measure moisture and electrical resistance on hand skin to reveal arousal. All of this could be a chance, some say, for bricks-and-mortar retailers to trim the advantage that data have long given online sellers. A race is on to work out how best to collect and use emotions data, be it to improve packaging, displays, music, or the content and timing of sales pitches, says Rana June, chief executive of a firm in New York called Lightwave. It measures shoppers’ emotions for retailers, for malls, and for consumer-goods firms such as PepsiCo, Procter & Gamble and Unilever. Not everyone is impressed. Some find it all a little creepy. Nielsen, a consumer-research giant, deems using technology to work out shopper emotions en masse too “avant-garde” for now, says Ricardo Gutiérrez, head of shopper insights at Nielsen Colombia in Bogotá. But it is much cheaper than old-fashioned interviews. Nielsen charges roughly $10,000 to interview 25 shoppers about three products. Angus.ai’s service costs just €59 ($66) a month per camera. For $15,000 or so, iMotions, based in Copenhagen, gives retailers an EEG cap that detects brain activity, an eye-tracking headset that notes when an attractive object dilates pupils, and a galvanometer. iMotions’ 150 or so consumer-goods clients include Mondelez International, Nestlé and Unilever, which use them in mock-up stores and real ones. What’s more, conventional market research can mislead. People typically “edit” verbal responses to make themselves sound rational, when purchases are often driven by subconscious emotions. The key is in tracking the unconscious things that shoppers do, says Jeff Hershey of VideoMining, a firm in Pennsylvania whose software also analyses store video. And surveys can also ask the wrong questions—such as how much people like a product when what really matters, notes Simon Harrop of BrandSense, a consultancy in Britain, is whether, say, it makes them feel attractive. The notion of “retail therapy”, consumers driven to spend when they are feeling blue, is an obvious example of shopping’s emotional side. Whichever store is first to work out how to spot mildly depressed customers could make a bundle. This article appeared in the Business section of the print edition under the headline "Body language" twitter icon facebook icon linkedin icon mail icon print icon Be the first to comment Reuse this content Editors’ picks Terror and the internetTech firms could do more to help stop the jihadists But legal restrictions must be proportionate and thought through Leaders BelloThe bogeyman of MexicoAmericas Spared no longerThe jihadists of Islamic State strike IranMiddle East and Africa The Economist explainsWhy is Swedish monetary policy so loose?The Economist explains Tell us what you think of Economist.com Leave feedback Need assistance with your subscription? Contact us Subscribe Contact us Help Keep updated facebook icon twitter icon googleplus icon linkedin icon tumblr icon instagram icon youtube icon rss icon mail iconSubscribe to The Economist newsletters Advertise Reprints Careers Media Centre Published since September 1843 to take part in “a severe contest between intelligence, which presses forward, and an unworthy, timid ignorance obstructing our progress.” Terms of Use Privacy Cookies Accessibility Modern Slavery Statement Copyright © The Economist Newspaper Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
e-paper India Follow us: Today in New Delhi, India Jun 09, 2017-Friday -°C New Delhi Humidity - Wind - select city Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi Powered by Close india world cities opinion cricket sports entertainment lifestyle business tech education whatnow photos videos Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Mycollegesabroad Desimartini Studymate Englishmate Shell Lubricants says ready for BS VI engines, eyes smart vehicle technology space Shell Lubricants, a global leader in making machines smoother, cleaner and noise-free, too sees an opportunity in the anticipated age of electric mobility, as environmental concerns loom over petrol and diesel-run vehicles. business Updated: Jun 09, 2017 11:32 IST Gulshankumar Wankar Hindustan Times, New Delhi Shell Lubricants, a global leader in making machines smoother, cleaner and noise-free, too sees an opportunity in the anticipated age of electric mobility, as environmental concerns loom over petrol and diesel-run vehicles.(AFP file photo) While conventional automakers are boasting of concept cars and autonomous vehicles at global auto shows, ancillary industry players are also working in the background towards future of transportation -- emission norms, electric vehicles and digital integration in mobility. Shell Lubricants, a global leader in making machines smoother, cleaner and noise-free, too sees an opportunity in the anticipated age of electric mobility, as environmental concerns loom over petrol and diesel-run vehicles. “We have always worked towards making transportation cleaner. With changing technology such as emission norms, we are constantly working towards upgrading our range of products,” Mansi Madan Tripathy, managing director of Shell India, told HT on Wednesday. “Shell is a global company, so we have technology to meet whatever demand future raises for us. Even for the Bharat Stage VI (India’s emission norms is based on Euro VI and set to kick in from 2020), we are ready. In fact, we are already helping some of the OEMs (original equipment manufacturers) in testing their new engines,” Tripathy said, on the sidelines of the fifth edition of Global Lecture Series (GLS) “On Greenovation- The Future of Mobility”. L-R Mansi Tripathy, country head, Shell Lubricants India; Suddhasatwa Basu, professor of department of chemical engineering at IIT-Delhi, PK Banerjee, deputy executive director (technology) Siam; YB Ramakrishna, chairman of working group on biofuels, ministry of petroleum and natural gas and Soma Banerjee, principal- energy and infrastructure, CII, at the 5th edition of the Shell Lubricants Global Lecture Series in partnership with CII at IIT Delhi. (Shell handout photo) The GLS, organised by Shell India with Confederation of Indian Industries and Indian Institute of Technology Delhi, focused on challenges of the industry towards greener mobility. Besides technologists from various institutes, representatives of automakers and ministries of petroleum and natural gas, road transport and highways, and industry bodies discussed “the future of mobility”. Most of Shell products are also compatible with several engines and across a range of fuels of different emission norms, the India boss of the lube company said. This becomes relevant in India, which recently saw chaos around April 1, 2017, when most automakers were not ready to switch to BS IV engines across the country. Automakers are also sceptical about the April 1, 2020 deadline to meet the BS VI norms, for which a completely new fuel and suitable lubricants will be required. Shell is also eyeing collaboration with tech companies to give car users on-board information about engine health, oil and coolant status, etc. “We could also develop online platforms such as apps which will allow you place an oil-change order. A company agent will pick up the vehicle from your place, change the oil and deliver it back to you in a matter of hours. And not just that, you could also locate the nearest fuel station to fill your tanks, and may sometimes also order a burger from a café on your way. We are looking at that level of integration,” said Tripathy, who has previously held leadership positions with MNCs such as Gillette and Procter & Gamble. Automakers have been for a while focusing on connecting smartphones to consoles and vice versa, to smoothen connectivity from the driver’s seat. In India, while Ford and Tata Motors have their own tech partnerships with Microsoft to create suitable in-car infotainment system, major players such as Maruti Suzuki, Hyundai, Honda and Mercedes-Benz are allowing users to sync their phones via Android Auto and Apple CarPlay. Globally a consortium of more than 20 automakers are developing an open platform called Automotive Grade Linux, to facilitate connectivity on the move. When asked if there’s any scepticism about the oncoming goods and service tax (GST) which kicks in on July 1, Tripathy said, “There could be some friction, but it would be short-term pain for long-term gain.” She also agreed that the change in tax structure is making some dealers anxious, who are destocking their June inventory. “The government has said they will take care of the transition, regarding issues like input credit, but this (anxiety) is natural and nothing to worry about. The economy will be benefitted, the businesses will grow,” she said. The new goods and service tax has put various commodities and services into four tax slabs. The new tax system is expected to wipe off the cascading tax impact, which in turn will bring down the net tax at the customer’s end. more from business Petrol and diesel prices to change daily from June 16, dealers upset Jun 09, 2017 02:25 IST Uber fires executive who obtained Delhi rape victim’s medical records: Report Jun 08, 2017 18:37 IST New Horizons, New Courses Promotional Feature Recommended for you Read more Vehicular pollution: What is BS and why should you care? Delhi HC tells RTOs to consider insurance issue date as proof of BS-III 2-wheeler sale Read more Ford teams up with Hungama, MapMyIndia, AccuWeather for in-car infotainment New Toyota Camry to have open-source Automotive Grade Linux for infotainment system India World Business Education Autos Real estate Opinion Analysis Columns Editorials Authors Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Pune Sports Cricket Football Tennis Others Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid Lifestyle Sex & relationship Fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch Tech Tech Reviews Gadgets Photos Videos Epaper interactives Punjab Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini Studymate Englishmate HTsyndication Follow us on: Newsletter Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles Copyright © HT Media Limited All rights reserved. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs May loses electoral gamble, SC to rule on Aadhaar and Modi to meet Xi: Top stories to look out for Jun 09, 2017 11:23 IST Bihar varsity initiative: Students to promote cashless transactions in 80 villages,... Jun 09, 2017 11:11 IST Ranchi court restores graft, conspiracy charges against Lalu in fodder scam case Jun 09, 2017 10:46 IST PM Modi meets Xi Jinping ahead of SCO summit in Astana Jun 09, 2017 11:13 IST Modi-Sharif meet in Astana a pit stop in the rough ride that India-Pak ties are Jun 09, 2017 11:16 IST In new Rajasthan textbooks, Veer Savarkar overshadows Gandhi and Nehru Jun 09, 2017 09:51 IST Why are child marriages on the rise in India’s cities? Jun 09, 2017 08:10 IST UK election 2017: Gamble in April costs May in June Jun 09, 2017 11:19 IST Pak envoy says no safe havens for terror in his country, US can’t stop laughing Jun 09, 2017 10:47 IST UK election: Preet Gill becomes first Sikh woman MP, Tanmanjeet Singh Dhesi first... Jun 09, 2017 10:05 IST Japan clears way for first emperor abdication in over 200 years Jun 09, 2017 09:08 IST Two Indian-origin men held for posing as US agents, duping people of $6 mn Jun 09, 2017 09:03 IST UK elections: Preet Kaur Gill becomes first Sikh woman elected to Parliament Jun 09, 2017 08:47 IST UK election exit poll points to no clear winner in stunning blow for Theresa May Jun 09, 2017 08:50 IST delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi pune Bulk of drug supply to Chandigarh, Punjab comes from Delhi: Narcotics Control Bureau Jun 09, 2017 11:27 IST Mumbai LSD case : Chemical analysis negative for more than half samples, ANC seeks... Jun 09, 2017 11:12 IST Bihar varsity initiative: Students to promote cashless transactions in 80 villages,... Jun 09, 2017 11:11 IST Kapil Mishra tries to gatecrash Kejriwal’s Janta Darbar, promises to return Jun 09, 2017 11:33 IST First showers hit Mumbai, complaints of traffic snarls, water-logging pour in Jun 09, 2017 10:51 IST Amit Shah to visit Mumbai next week, plan BJP’s Maharashtra strategy for next Assembly... Jun 09, 2017 11:22 IST Mumbai gets 25 new hybrid buses . Jun 09, 2017 10:37 IST Shot in chest by 2 gunmen, Mumbai man survives, resumes work in 30 days Jun 09, 2017 11:12 IST Infosys employee’s SUV found outside school in Zirakpur locality Jun 09, 2017 09:45 IST analysis columns editorials authors Al Jazeera: Good, bad, and a little ugly Jun 09, 2017 11:17 IST PM Modi’s popularity and electoral defeats forced AAP to go rural Jun 09, 2017 07:17 IST Opinion| Farmer protests: Rewrite the rules to stop this cycle of agrarian dist... Jun 08, 2017 18:45 IST Regulating WhatsApp and other social media: How to improve security without infringing... Jun 08, 2017 15:46 IST For closer India-US ties, common interests alone aren’t enough Jun 09, 2017 04:11 IST New Zealand vs Bangladesh, ICC Champions Trophy 2017, live cricket score Jun 09, 2017 11:18 IST New Zealand vs Bangladesh, ICC Champions Trophy 2017: Where to get live streaming,... Jun 09, 2017 10:42 IST ICC Champions Trophy: Kumar Sangakkara inspired Sri Lanka stunner, says Angelo ... Jun 09, 2017 09:30 IST VIDEO HIGHLIGHTS: India vs Sri Lanka, ICC Champions Trophy - SL stun IND Jun 09, 2017 08:50 IST ICC Champions Trophy: David Miller backs AB De Villiers to shine against India Jun 09, 2017 09:12 IST cricket football tennis other sports ht gifa New Zealand vs Bangladesh, ICC Champions Trophy 2017, live cricket score Jun 09, 2017 11:18 IST French Open: First among equals as Simona Halep, Jelena Ostapenko eye title Jun 09, 2017 11:13 IST New Zealand vs Bangladesh, ICC Champions Trophy 2017: Where to get live streaming,... Jun 09, 2017 10:42 IST ICC Champions Trophy: Kumar Sangakkara inspired Sri Lanka stunner, says Angelo ... Jun 09, 2017 09:30 IST Sunil Chhetri calls for increase in number of clubs to boost player employment Jun 09, 2017 01:44 IST movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid SRK-Anushka’s Jab Harry Met Sejal averts clash with Akshay Kumar’s Toilet: Ek Prem Katha Jun 09, 2017 11:26 IST Orange Is The New Black Season 5 review: Not a laugh riot anymore Jun 09, 2017 11:20 IST Tubelight: Sohail as Salman’s brother wasn’t Kabir Khan’s original choice Jun 09, 2017 11:33 IST Shah Rukh Khan, Anushka Sharma on the first poster of Imtiaz Ali’s Jab Harry Met... Jun 09, 2017 09:07 IST Plea against Rajinikanth’s Kaala, petitioner claims story, title belong to him Jun 09, 2017 08:40 IST sex & relationships fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books more from lifestyle brunch Inclov: An Indian gives the world its first matchmaking app for people with disability Jun 09, 2017 11:13 IST New blood test may help predict the onset of Huntington’s disease: Study Jun 09, 2017 08:49 IST World Oceans Day: 12 important facts about oceans you need to know Jun 08, 2017 19:09 IST From eyebrow wigs to brow tattoos, here’s how beauty mavens are changing the ga... Jun 08, 2017 18:21 IST Do it like a boss! Learn the tactful art of dealing with noisy colleagues Jun 08, 2017 18:12 IST Shell Lubricants says ready for BS VI engines, eyes smart vehicle technology space Jun 09, 2017 11:32 IST Petrol and diesel prices to change daily from June 16, dealers upset Jun 09, 2017 02:25 IST Uber fires executive who obtained Delhi rape victim’s medical records: Report Jun 08, 2017 18:37 IST GM dealers plan class action suit over ‘measly’ compensation Jun 08, 2017 12:47 IST IT Employees Associations protest against threat to industry union Jun 08, 2017 12:35 IST 20 Apple employees arrested in China for ‘selling’ personal data of customers Jun 08, 2017 12:31 IST Virat Kohli sole Indian in top 100 of Forbes list of world’s highest paid athle... Jun 08, 2017 12:14 IST OnePlus 5 to be launched in India on June 22, event to be open for fans Jun 09, 2017 10:21 IST WhatsApp may soon allow you to ‘recall’ message within five minutes Jun 08, 2017 15:46 IST 20 Apple employees arrested in China for ‘selling’ personal data of customers Jun 08, 2017 12:31 IST Lyft to bring autonomous rides to Boston with partnership Jun 06, 2017 19:19 IST In Pics: Apple’s 5 big announcements at WWDC Jun 06, 2017 12:38 IST BlackBerry downplays Toyota’s move of using rival software for in-car infotainm... Jun 06, 2017 19:19 IST HomePod, Siri with a new voice, and software: Highlights from the Apple show Jun 06, 2017 08:02 IST Live updates: UP Board result 2017 for Class 10, Class 12 Jun 09, 2017 11:06 IST Tripura to convert 769 Bengali medium schools to English Jun 09, 2017 07:42 IST 10% back-to-back fee hike for three years in IISERs, students demand rollback Jun 09, 2017 11:24 IST UP Board results 2017 shortly at upresults.nic.in; what next? Jun 09, 2017 11:02 IST In pics | Take a look inside copperware industry of Kashmir Jun 08, 2017 19:28 IST PHOTOS: Summer of discontent for farmers in India Jun 09, 2017 10:53 IST PHOTOS| Mandsaur protests: Rahul Gandhi detained at Neemuch Border Jun 08, 2017 15:46 IST Photos| Women observe Vat Savitri Puja for husbands’ well-being Jun 08, 2017 12:10 IST Pre-monsoon showers likely to cool temperatures down this week Jun 08, 2017 11:04 IST Rahul Gandhi detained on his way to Mandsaur Jun 08, 2017 17:09 IST Panchayat member allegedly forces worker to enter manhole in Mysore Jun 08, 2017 15:00 IST Fresh pre-monsoon showers lash Delhi Jun 08, 2017 13:10 IST Plastic rice, sugar found in Jalpaiguri and Hassan Jun 08, 2017 12:29 IST Girl escapes death miraculously after being run over by train Jun 07, 2017 18:49 IST interactives longreads health real-estate autos punjab epaper ht-brand stories weekend
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Blade Vault, Reprints Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education Weekly Ads Friday, Jun 09, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Economy O-I moves up on Fortune 500 list Company 1 of 4 northwest Ohio firms magazine ranks By Tyrel Linkhorn  | BLADE BUSINESS WRITER Published on June 8, 2017 | Updated 1:30 a. m. Owens-Illinois is the highest ranked company in metropolitan Toledo in this year’s edition of the Fortune 500. Company revenues grew 9 percent last year, and O-I comes in at No. 401 on the list. THE BLADE Buy This Image Maumee-based Dana Inc. is listed at No. 447 in the Fortune 500 list. THE BLADE Buy This Image Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print Owens-Illinois Inc., which saw net revenues jump 9 percent last year, is the highest ranked company in metropolitan Toledo in this year’s edition of the Fortune 500. In all, northwest Ohio had four companies on the list, plus three more on the Fortune 1,000 list, based on annual revenues. The list, in its 63rd year and released Wednesday by Fortune magazine, is widely seen as one of the benchmarks for top-tier corporate success. “There definitely is a prestige, a credibility and a reputation that comes with being on that list,” said Wendy Gramza, president at the Toledo Regional Chamber of Commerce. Having those companies in your city also boosts the region’s credibility and reputation, she said. “Having Fortune 500 companies and specifically world headquarters in our region is extremely important,” she said. “It puts us on the global stage. It helps us to diversify our economy. We love our manufacturing jobs, but we also love the white-collar jobs that can bring in recent college grads and can bring our millennials back home.” O-I, a Perrysburg firm which makes bottles and other glass containers, moved up 17 spots on this year’s list to No. 401. Its revenues were $6.7 billion in 2016. Two other metro Toledo firms also made the 2017 Fortune 500 list. Dana Inc., with revenues of $5.8 billion, came in at No. 447, and Owens Corning, with revenues of $5.7 billion, was No. 458. Dana is based in Maumee. Owens Corning is based in downtown Toledo. Compared to the 2016 list, Dana slipped 19 spots and OC moved up 22 spots. Looking more broadly across the region, Marathon Petroleum Corp. slipped nine spots, but the Findlay oil refining and marketing firm retained the top spot in northwest Ohio at No. 51. The rankings are based on 2016 revenue calculations from Fortune, though the figures don’t always match what the companies report in their annual reports. For example, Marathon reported 2016 revenues of $63.4 billion, though Fortune pegged its revenue at $55.9 billion. In years past, Marathon officials have said the difference appeared to be because of how Fortune treats excise taxes. Marathon was Ohio’s fourth largest company by revenue. The top spot in the state went to Dublin-based Cardinal Health, whose $121.5 billion in revenue put it at No. 15 overall. Kroger (at No. 18 overall) and Procter & Gamble (No. 36 overall) rounded out Ohio’s top three. Michigan’s top ranked firms were General Motors at No. 8, Ford at No. 10, and Dow Chemical, at No. 62. Nationally, Wal-Mart held onto the top spot, with revenues of nearly $486 billion. Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway was No. 2, with revenues of $224 billion. Apple Inc. rounded out the top three with revenues of $216 billion. Forbes said 20 newcomers are on this year’s list, including electric carmaker Tesla, which came in at No. 383 with revenues of $7 billion. The Toledo region had another three companies in the larger Fortune 1000 — Welltower Inc. at No. 564 with revenues of $4.3 billion, The Andersons Inc. at No. 595 with revenues of $3.9 billion, and Cooper Tire & Rubber Co. at 743 with revenues of $2.9 billion. Welltower made the biggest move of any Toledo-area company, gaining 45 spots. Contact Tyrel Linkhorn at tlinkhorn@theblade.com or 419-724-6134. Related Items fortune 500 , Toledo Regional Chamber of Commerce , Owens-Illinois Inc. , marathon petroleum corp. , Dana Inc. , owens corning , Welltower Inc. , The Andersons Inc. , Cooper Tire & Rubber Company , tyrel linkhorn Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Aktuality Nyheder Nachrichten Noticias Actualités Notizie Nieuws Nyheter Aktualności Notícias Новости Novinky Nyheter Uutiset Conservative Party Has a 68% Chance of Forming a Government, up From 60% Before the Recent Terror Attack in London (on Saturday Evening, 3rd June 2017) - The Hunting Dynasty News provided by The Hunting Dynasty 08 Jun, 2017, 11:25 ET Share this article LONDON, June 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- In predicting an election outcome, a person's opinion on everyone else's vote is often more accurate than any other way of polling.   UK Election Prediction by The Hunting Dynasty (PRNewsfoto/The Hunting Dynasty) By using well-known, psychologically robust outcome-prediction techniques - the 'wisdom of crowds' and 'recognition heuristic' - we establish an accurate prediction of the chance of winning the UK general election on the 8th June 2017.  These psychologically robust techniques are rarely used in political polling.       (Photo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/521414/Hunting_Dynasty_Poll.jpg ) Expanded   We ran a website called http://idonotcarewhoyouvotefor.com with an Apester poll (common among online newspaper articles) and drove respondents via social media. Respondents were drawn from the author's Twitter, Facebook, and LinkedIn accounts. This snowball sampling was un-weighted. Detail   1. Why did we want to know how the population thought everyone else would vote?   Your opinion on everyone else's vote is often more accurate than any other way of polling. In this regard we are using this question as a proxy for recognition, and wisdom of crowds. Recognition Heuristic   A sense of collective recognition was shown to allow for more accurate forecasts in many domains, including elections (Gassmeier & Marewski, 2011). As in many other areas of life, voters use heuristics to aid decision-making. For example, they take the electability of a candidate into account just as much as, or even more, their manifestos and ideology (Stone & Abramowitz, 1983). Using the recognition heuristic can also help ignorant voters to identify likely winners, or eliminate potential losers from consideration (Marewski et al., 2009, 2010). Wisdom of crowds   The 'Wisdom of the crowds' was first investigated over 100 years ago by Francis Galton (1907). Over the years, it has been shown that averaging the predictions of many people significantly improves the forecasts about future or vague events, or unknown quantities - as well as election results (Sjoberg, 2009). Recognition heuristic could aid this phenomenon, that's why it is worth looking at them together. 2. Why didn't we want to know people's specific voting intention?   Accuracy   Typical polls can be inaccurate for undecided or wavering voters because we (as individuals) don't have a way of controlling for our momentary political preferences or moods, and ignore the power of mere recognition, or the impact of explicit versus implicit attitudes and their importance in affecting (those of us who are) undecided voters. Typical polls rely on intention-based election forecasts - simply asking who or what your vote will be. They are weighted in order to accurately represent the electorate. However, this intention-action gap delivers errors. Also, public expression of political affiliation - even to a stranger/poll - can be affected by the context and the people to whom one is asked to express a voting intention. Quote ready-to-go   Oliver Payne, Founder of The Hunting Dynasty www.thehuntingdynasty.com - the agency that funded the research - and author on behaviour and environment says: "Polling techniques have come under scrutiny recently for inaccuracy - the panic to find better techniques and the odd behaviour from polling companies to distance themselves from their own work ignores robust, repeatable, and accurate prediction techniques established by the psychological community long ago."   Notes to editors   The organization responsible for the work is: 1. The Hunting Dynasty http://www.thehuntingdynasty.com - a behavioural insight group. We change human behaviour - we make it predictable, repeatable, and we prove its success. We are an evidence-based, award-winning behavioural insight and communication agency using psychology and behavioural economics to fix communication, based in London. Founded nearly a decade ago, our name is derived from our core promise - looking for applied psychological solutions ('hunting') that last permanently ('dynasty'). We work internationally, with clients in the UK, Europe, North America. 2. The Hunting Dynasty is awarded for behavioural interventions NudgeAwards 2015, Gold AURA Insight Impact Award 2016, Shortlist 3. Authors of study Lina Skora MBPsS, MSc. Social Cognition: Research and Applications  Senior Behavioural Scientist, The Hunting Dynasty lina@thehuntingdynasty.com | Linkedin Lina designs and runs the experimental procedures and statistical analysis for The Hunting Dynasty. She is a member of the British Psychological Society and behavioural scientist with a bachelors degree in Psychology and Management (Joint Honours), and a masters degree in Social Cognition: Research and Applications from UCL, and has been accepted for a PhD on emotion research. Her background working in European government and well as campaign teams for the a UK political party, as well as experience running charity accounts stands her in good stead with Hunting Dynasty clients, many of whom she has worked on, including successful pitches for Pension clients, and working on an international feedback initiative for a £2bn/year international pharmaceutical company, as well as all the behavioural research for our current project on increasing recycling behavour in-home in Bristol for Bristol Waste Company. Oliver Payne FRSA Founding Director, The Hunting Dynasty oliver@thehuntingdynasty.com | Linkedin He is founder of behavioural insight & communications agency The Hunting Dynasty, media commentator for The Guardian, Esquire Magazine, The Telegraph, etc, author of 'Inspiring Sustainable Behaviour: 19 Ways To Ask For Change' (Routledge), which wrangles together behavioural economics, environmental and social psychology. He began working in digital startups in Liverpool, NY, and London in the mid 90's. He was Creative Director up to board between 1999-2009 at Saatchi & Saatchi, and Ogilvy in London working on BP, P&G, Cisco, IBM, Castrol, Avis, Toyota, and Visa. He's won many of the world's top advertising awards and sat on judging panels. He's also won awards for behaviour change communications. He is a member of the Influence Advisory Panel populated by academia, politics, military, government and civil society, speaker on behaviour at NATO (Latvia), Gov departments (Whitehall), Start-ups (Netherlands), Science Museum (London) and others, co-founder of the nearly four-years-old London Behavioural Economics Network which meets monthly. More media commentary and interviews   For more http://www.thehuntingdynasty.com/#journalism-interviews-commentary For further information, please contact Main reception on (UK): +44-(0)-843-289-2901 Ask for: Oliver Payne | Founding Director, The Hunting Dynasty ​oliver@thehuntingdynasty.com Mon to Fri, 9:30am to 7pm SOURCE The Hunting Dynasty 05 Sep, 2016, 11:00 ET Preview: Men Kill Themselves at a Rate Three (3) for Every one (1) Woman, and These men are not Getting the Best Help Because Current Suicide Helpline Posters/Messaging is Ineffective at Encouraging Men to Talk About Their Problems My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Conservative Party Has a 68% Chance of Forming a Government, up From 60% Before the Recent Terror Attack in London (on Saturday Evening, 3rd June 2017) - The Hunting Dynasty News provided by The Hunting Dynasty 08 Jun, 2017, 11:25 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Aktuality Nyheder Nachrichten Noticias Actualités Notizie Nieuws Nyheter Aktualności Notícias Новости Novinky Nyheter Uutiset Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Latest News Dow 21,183 +8.84 +0.04% Nasdaq 6,322 +24.38 +0.39% S&P 500 2,434 +0.65 +0.03% 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens flat at 12,713.60 3:02 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 250 opens 0.3% lower at 19,686.92 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.2% higher at 5,275.41 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.3% lower at 387.98 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.8% higher at 7,504.09 3:00 A.M. ET Dollar rises, pound hits 7-week low as U.K. heads for ‘hung parliament’ 2:47 A.M. ET FTSE 100 futures swing higher as pound sinks to 7-week low 2:42 A.M. ET U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May doesn't plan to resign: reports 2:37 A.M. ET Updated ‘Worst possible outcome’ — analysts react to U.K. early election results 2:34 A.M. ET Updated Pressure mounts on U.K. PM May to resign as Conservatives set to lose majority 2:14 A.M. ET I Don't Do Windows—the Robots Do 1:48 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 futures up 0.2%, turning higher as pound slides 1:03 A.M. ET Copycats of Chinese Tech Pop Up in U.S. 12:58 A.M. ET Oil prices pinned down by strong dollar, supply worries 6/08 Kakao CEO: Next Messenger Will Be a Virtual Assistant 12:19 A.M. ET Japan passes bill allowing 83-year-old emperor to abdicate 6/08 Moderate uptick in China's May consumer inflation 6/08 Updated U.K. election: So what is a hung parliament? 6/08 The Future of Ride-Hailing Apps, as Seen by Grab 6/08 Updated 2 police officers struck by pickup in Washington D.C. Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Conservative Party Has a 68% Chance of Forming a Government, up From 60% Before the Recent Terror Attack in London (on Saturday Evening, 3rd June 2017) - The Hunting Dynasty By Published: June 8, 2017 11:25 a.m. ET Share LONDON, June 8, 2017 /PRNewswire via COMTEX/ -- LONDON, June 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- In predicting an election outcome, a person's opinion on everyone else's vote is often more accurate than any other way of polling.   By using well-known, psychologically robust outcome-prediction techniques - the'wisdom of crowds' and'recognition heuristic' - we establishanaccurateprediction of the chance of winning the UK general election on the 8thJune 2017.  These psychologically robust techniques are rarely used in political polling.       (Photo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/521414/Hunting_Dynasty_Poll.jpg ) Expanded   We ran a website called http://idonotcarewhoyouvotefor.com with an Apester poll (common among online newspaper articles) and drove respondents via social media. Respondents were drawn from the author's Twitter, Facebook, and LinkedIn accounts. This snowball sampling was un-weighted. Detail   1. Why did we want to know how the population thought everyone else would vote?   Your opinion on everyone else's vote is often more accurate than any other way of polling. In this regard we are using this question as a proxy for recognition, and wisdom of crowds. Recognition Heuristic   A sense of collective recognition was shown to allow for more accurate forecasts in many domains, including elections (Gassmeier & Marewski, 2011). As in many other areas of life, voters use heuristics to aid decision-making. For example, they take the electability of a candidate into account just as much as, or even more, their manifestos and ideology (Stone & Abramowitz, 1983). Using the recognition heuristic can also help ignorant voters to identify likely winners, or eliminate potential losers from consideration (Marewski et al., 2009, 2010). Wisdom of crowds   The 'Wisdom of the crowds' was first investigated over 100 years ago by Francis Galton (1907). Over the years, it has been shown that averaging the predictions of many people significantly improves the forecasts about future or vague events, or unknown quantities - as well as election results (Sjoberg, 2009). Recognition heuristic could aid this phenomenon, that's why it is worth looking at them together. 2. Why didn't we want to know people's specific voting intention?   Accuracy   Typical polls can be inaccurate for undecided or wavering voters because we (as individuals) don't have a way of controlling for our momentary political preferences or moods, and ignore the power of mere recognition, or the impact of explicit versus implicit attitudes and their importance in affecting (those of us who are) undecided voters. Typical polls rely on intention-based election forecasts - simply asking who or what your vote will be. They are weighted in order to accurately represent the electorate. However, this intention-action gap delivers errors. Also, public expression of political affiliation - even to a stranger/poll - can be affected by the context and the people to whom one is asked to express a voting intention. Quote ready-to-go   Oliver Payne, Founder of The Hunting Dynasty www.thehuntingdynasty.com - the agency that funded the research - and author on behaviour and environment says: "Polling techniques have come under scrutiny recently for inaccuracy - the panic to find better techniques and the odd behaviour from polling companies to distance themselves from their own work ignores robust, repeatable, and accurate prediction techniques established by the psychological community long ago."   Notes to editors   The organization responsible for the work is: 1. The Hunting Dynasty http://www.thehuntingdynasty.com - a behavioural insight group. We change human behaviour - we make it predictable, repeatable, and we prove its success. We are an evidence-based, award-winning behavioural insight and communication agency using psychology and behavioural economics to fix communication, based in London. Founded nearly a decade ago, our name is derived from our core promise - looking for applied psychological solutions ('hunting') that last permanently ('dynasty'). We work internationally, with clients in the UK, Europe, North America. 2. The Hunting Dynasty is awarded for behavioural interventions NudgeAwards 2015, Gold AURA Insight Impact Award 2016, Shortlist 3. Authors of study Lina Skora MBPsS, MSc. Social Cognition: Research and Applications  Senior Behavioural Scientist, The Hunting Dynastylina@thehuntingdynasty.com | Linkedin Lina designs and runs the experimental procedures and statistical analysis for The Hunting Dynasty. She is a member of the British Psychological Society and behavioural scientist with a bachelors degree in Psychology and Management (Joint Honours), and a masters degree in Social Cognition: Research and Applications from UCL, and has been accepted for a PhD on emotion research. Her background working in European government and well as campaign teams for the a UK political party, as well as experience running charity accounts stands her in good stead with Hunting Dynasty clients, many of whom she has worked on, including successful pitches for Pension clients, and working on an international feedback initiative for a £2bn/year international pharmaceutical company, as well as all the behavioural research for our current project on increasing recycling behavour in-home in Bristol for Bristol Waste Company. Oliver Payne FRSA Founding Director, The Hunting Dynasty oliver@thehuntingdynasty.com | Linkedin He is founder of behavioural insight & communications agency The Hunting Dynasty,media commentator for The Guardian, Esquire Magazine, The Telegraph, etc, author of 'Inspiring Sustainable Behaviour: 19 Ways To Ask For Change' (Routledge), which wrangles together behavioural economics, environmental and social psychology. He began working in digital startups in Liverpool, NY, and London in the mid 90's. He was Creative Director up to board between 1999-2009 at Saatchi & Saatchi, and Ogilvy in London working on BP, P&G, Cisco, IBM, Castrol, Avis, Toyota, and Visa. He's won many of the world's top advertising awards and sat on judging panels. He's also won awards for behaviour change communications. He is a member of the Influence Advisory Panel populated by academia, politics, military, government and civil society, speaker on behaviour at NATO (Latvia), Gov departments (Whitehall), Start-ups (Netherlands), Science Museum (London) and others, co-founder of the nearly four-years-old London Behavioural Economics Network which meets monthly. More media commentary and interviews   For more http://www.thehuntingdynasty.com/#journalism-interviews-commentary For further information, please contact Main reception on (UK): +44-(0)-843-289-2901 Ask for: Oliver Payne | Founding Director, The Hunting Dynasty oliver@thehuntingdynasty.com Mon to Fri, 9:30am to 7pm SOURCE The Hunting Dynasty Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved From MarketWatch More Coverage This is why the Midwest will be the hottest retirement destination What will U.K. election result mean for Brexit? Concerns increase about John McCain’s health after Comey hearing Most Popular ‘Worst possible outcome’ — analysts react to U.K. early election results Alibaba’s record stock surge sends Yahoo shares to 17-year high Bill Gates and Warren Buffett agree on this singular piece of advice for entrepreneurs Is bitcoin in a bubble? This metric suggests there’s more room to grow How to Book the Cheapest Flight Ever. Period. MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Conservative Party Has a 68% Chance of Forming a Government, up From 60% Before the Recent Terror Attack in London (on Saturday Evening, 3rd June 2017) - The Hunting Dynasty News provided by The Hunting Dynasty 08 Jun, 2017, 16:25 BST Share this article LONDON, June 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- In predicting an election outcome, a person's opinion on everyone else's vote is often more accurate than any other way of polling.   UK Election Prediction by The Hunting Dynasty (PRNewsfoto/The Hunting Dynasty) By using well-known, psychologically robust outcome-prediction techniques - the 'wisdom of crowds' and 'recognition heuristic' - we establish an accurate prediction of the chance of winning the UK general election on the 8th June 2017.  These psychologically robust techniques are rarely used in political polling.       (Photo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/521414/Hunting_Dynasty_Poll.jpg ) Expanded   We ran a website called http://idonotcarewhoyouvotefor.com with an Apester poll (common among online newspaper articles) and drove respondents via social media. Respondents were drawn from the author's Twitter, Facebook, and LinkedIn accounts. This snowball sampling was un-weighted. Detail   1. Why did we want to know how the population thought everyone else would vote?   Your opinion on everyone else's vote is often more accurate than any other way of polling. In this regard we are using this question as a proxy for recognition, and wisdom of crowds. Recognition Heuristic   A sense of collective recognition was shown to allow for more accurate forecasts in many domains, including elections (Gassmeier & Marewski, 2011). As in many other areas of life, voters use heuristics to aid decision-making. For example, they take the electability of a candidate into account just as much as, or even more, their manifestos and ideology (Stone & Abramowitz, 1983). Using the recognition heuristic can also help ignorant voters to identify likely winners, or eliminate potential losers from consideration (Marewski et al., 2009, 2010). Wisdom of crowds   The 'Wisdom of the crowds' was first investigated over 100 years ago by Francis Galton (1907). Over the years, it has been shown that averaging the predictions of many people significantly improves the forecasts about future or vague events, or unknown quantities - as well as election results (Sjoberg, 2009). Recognition heuristic could aid this phenomenon, that's why it is worth looking at them together. 2. Why didn't we want to know people's specific voting intention?   Accuracy   Typical polls can be inaccurate for undecided or wavering voters because we (as individuals) don't have a way of controlling for our momentary political preferences or moods, and ignore the power of mere recognition, or the impact of explicit versus implicit attitudes and their importance in affecting (those of us who are) undecided voters. Typical polls rely on intention-based election forecasts - simply asking who or what your vote will be. They are weighted in order to accurately represent the electorate. However, this intention-action gap delivers errors. Also, public expression of political affiliation - even to a stranger/poll - can be affected by the context and the people to whom one is asked to express a voting intention. Quote ready-to-go   Oliver Payne, Founder of The Hunting Dynasty www.thehuntingdynasty.com - the agency that funded the research - and author on behaviour and environment says: "Polling techniques have come under scrutiny recently for inaccuracy - the panic to find better techniques and the odd behaviour from polling companies to distance themselves from their own work ignores robust, repeatable, and accurate prediction techniques established by the psychological community long ago."   Notes to editors   The organization responsible for the work is: 1. The Hunting Dynasty http://www.thehuntingdynasty.com - a behavioural insight group. We change human behaviour - we make it predictable, repeatable, and we prove its success. We are an evidence-based, award-winning behavioural insight and communication agency using psychology and behavioural economics to fix communication, based in London. Founded nearly a decade ago, our name is derived from our core promise - looking for applied psychological solutions ('hunting') that last permanently ('dynasty'). We work internationally, with clients in the UK, Europe, North America. 2. The Hunting Dynasty is awarded for behavioural interventions NudgeAwards 2015, Gold AURA Insight Impact Award 2016, Shortlist 3. Authors of study Lina Skora MBPsS, MSc. Social Cognition: Research and Applications  Senior Behavioural Scientist, The Hunting Dynasty lina@thehuntingdynasty.com | Linkedin Lina designs and runs the experimental procedures and statistical analysis for The Hunting Dynasty. She is a member of the British Psychological Society and behavioural scientist with a bachelors degree in Psychology and Management (Joint Honours), and a masters degree in Social Cognition: Research and Applications from UCL, and has been accepted for a PhD on emotion research. Her background working in European government and well as campaign teams for the a UK political party, as well as experience running charity accounts stands her in good stead with Hunting Dynasty clients, many of whom she has worked on, including successful pitches for Pension clients, and working on an international feedback initiative for a £2bn/year international pharmaceutical company, as well as all the behavioural research for our current project on increasing recycling behavour in-home in Bristol for Bristol Waste Company. Oliver Payne FRSA Founding Director, The Hunting Dynasty oliver@thehuntingdynasty.com | Linkedin He is founder of behavioural insight & communications agency The Hunting Dynasty, media commentator for The Guardian, Esquire Magazine, The Telegraph, etc, author of 'Inspiring Sustainable Behaviour: 19 Ways To Ask For Change' (Routledge), which wrangles together behavioural economics, environmental and social psychology. He began working in digital startups in Liverpool, NY, and London in the mid 90's. He was Creative Director up to board between 1999-2009 at Saatchi & Saatchi, and Ogilvy in London working on BP, P&G, Cisco, IBM, Castrol, Avis, Toyota, and Visa. He's won many of the world's top advertising awards and sat on judging panels. He's also won awards for behaviour change communications. He is a member of the Influence Advisory Panel populated by academia, politics, military, government and civil society, speaker on behaviour at NATO (Latvia), Gov departments (Whitehall), Start-ups (Netherlands), Science Museum (London) and others, co-founder of the nearly four-years-old London Behavioural Economics Network which meets monthly. More media commentary and interviews   For more http://www.thehuntingdynasty.com/#journalism-interviews-commentary For further information, please contact Main reception on (UK): +44-(0)-843-289-2901 Ask for: Oliver Payne | Founding Director, The Hunting Dynasty ​oliver@thehuntingdynasty.com Mon to Fri, 9:30am to 7pm SOURCE The Hunting Dynasty 05 Sep, 2016, 16:00 BST Preview: Men Kill Themselves at a Rate Three (3) for Every one (1) Woman, and These men are not Getting the Best Help Because Current Suicide Helpline Posters/Messaging is Ineffective at Encouraging Men to Talk About Their Problems My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Conservative Party Has a 68% Chance of Forming a Government, up From 60% Before the Recent Terror Attack in London (on Saturday Evening, 3rd June 2017) - The Hunting Dynasty News provided by The Hunting Dynasty 08 Jun, 2017, 16:25 BST Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Tesla (TSLA) resets all-time highs, eclipses $60B in market cap >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Dividend Stocks > Buy Vanguard High Dividend Yield ETF (VYM) When Fears Run High Whether you’re looking for long-term growth or a market hedge, look no further By Richard Band, Editor, Profitable Investing  |  Jun 8, 2017, 7:04 am EDT Get MSFT alerts: Submit     Popular Posts: Buy Valero Energy Corporation (VLO) Stock for Its Dividend and Wait Buy Vanguard High Dividend Yield ETF (VYM) When Fears Run High Recent Posts: Buy Vanguard High Dividend Yield ETF (VYM) When Fears Run High Buy Valero Energy Corporation (VLO) Stock for Its Dividend and Wait Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Is Set to Disrupt the Pharmaceutical Industry View All Posts If you’re unfamiliar, the Vanguard High Dividend Yield ETF (NYSEARCA:VYM) is an exchange-traded fund (ETF) for long-term investors. Not just for every investor in it for the long haul, mind you. But for those that are growing uneasy with the continually rising market or are simply looking for a solid total return play for the foundation of their portfolio. There are a few key reasons that VYM is a good choice. Why Pick VYM? First, as a Vanguard fund, it has one of the lowest management fees in the industry, at 0.08%. According to Vanguard, that’s lower than 92% of similar ETFs in the same space. Expense ratios, or management fees, are the place many investors don’t bother to look and it can be costly. ETFs as well as open-end mutual funds have fees for the maintenance of the funds. Usually, the more active the funds’ trading, the higher the fees. Nowadays, most funds have opted for more passive funds that track indexes like the S&P 500, or a specific sector. But you have to weigh performance relative to the fees, especially if you’re looking at total return picks that are more long-term oriented. Without going into too much detail, if you can get a good fund that has low fees, that’s the way to go. And Vanguard is famous of its consistently low fees and quality funds. Second, the fund is well diversified at the current moment. Many times, ETFs like these will end up skewing toward one or two sectors in the market where stocks are offering above average yields on good companies. That happened in the early 2000s when the banking sector was throwing off solid yields and growing at a strong clip. Then the crash happened and ETFs like VYM were overexposed to the worst possible sector. In 2008, the S&P 500 dropped 37% and VYM lost 32%. But now, VYM holds a nice mix of tech, financials, pharmaceuticals, industrials, consumer staples and energy companies in its top 10 holdings. If anything happens to the markets, it won’t devastate all the sectors across the board. Third, VYM is a bargain right now. The large-cap value stocks it holds are not the hot stocks in the market, but they are well positioned in terms of size and strength. Basically, VYM gathers all the dividend paying stocks in the market and then puts them in order by dividend yield. Then it takes the top have of those and market cap weights them. Bottom Line on the VYM ETF Right now, this has provided some of the best individual companies you would want for hedging your portfolio — Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG), AT&T Inc (NYSE:T), Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) and Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM), to name a handful. VYM is also a great one-stop dividend buy, so you don’t have to gather each income stock individually. And you can’t beat the price. Richard Band’s Profitable Investing advisory service helps retirement savers outperform the market without losing a minute of sleep along the way. His straightforward style and low-risk value approach has won seven Best Financial Advisory awards from the Newsletter and Electronic Publishers Foundation. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/06/buy-vanguard-high-dividend-yield-etf-vym-when-fears-run-high/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Stocks With More Upside Going Forward Than Alphabet 5 MLPs to Win From Trump’s Tax Plan 7 Funds to Build an All-Weather Portfolio The 7 Best Sin Stocks from the Vice Fund 4 Homebuilding Stocks That Are Suddenly at Risk A Crazy M&A Idea That Could Pay Dividends ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Stocks With More Upside Than Alphabet 7 Vanguard Funds to Build an All-Weather Portfolio 4 Homebuilding Stocks That Are Suddenly at Risk The 7 Best Sin Stocks from the Vice Fund (VICEX) 5 MLPs That Will Win Big From Trump’s Tax Plan Most Popular 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 8 No-Brainer Retirement Stocks to Buy 10 Stocks to Buy Before They Finally Join the Rally 10 Companies That Are in Amazon’s Crosshairs 7 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Make the Grade 7 Money-Losing Stocks to Buy for Big Turnaround Profits Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
