Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Procter & Gamble Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Canadian Apartment Properties REIT (CAR.UN) Price Target Raised to C$36.00 Bank of Montreal (BMO) Price Target Raised to C$110.00 CIBC Boosts Avigilon Corp (AVO) Price Target to C$18.00 Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Pure Storage (PSTG) Enzymotec Ltd (ENZY) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Daimler AG (DDAIF) Given $74.94 Average Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Analysts Set $1.50 Price Target for UQM Technologies Inc (UQM) Tucows Inc. (TCX) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Zacks: Arotech Co. (ARTX) Given $4.50 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Bernard D. Berman Purchases 15,000 Shares of Fifth Street Finance Corp. (FSC) Stock Thomas L. Carter, Jr. Purchases 14,000 Shares of Black Stone Minerals LP (BSM) Stock Cotiviti Holdings Inc (COTV) Now Covered by Raymond James Financial, Inc. Canadian Western Bank (CWB) Stock Rating Upgraded by CIBC Cipher Pharmaceuticals Inc (CPH) Rating Reiterated by TD Securities Senior plc (SNR) Given “Neutral” Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Barratt Developments Plc (BDEV) Receives Sell Rating from Liberum Capital WesBanco Inc (WSBC) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.26 on April 1st Research Frontiers, Inc. (REFR) Set to Announce Earnings on Wednesday 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.08 Per Share Goldman Sachs Group Inc Initiates Coverage on Infosys Ltd (INFY) National Planning Corp Sells 3,044 Shares of Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Posted by Abby Graham on Mar 5th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet National Planning Corp lowered its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) by 2.0% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 152,066 shares of the company’s stock after selling 3,044 shares during the period. Procter & Gamble Co comprises approximately 1.0% of National Planning Corp’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 21st largest position. National Planning Corp’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Co were worth $13,345,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other large investors also recently modified their holdings of PG. American National Bank boosted its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 225.8% in the third quarter. American National Bank now owns 1,137 shares of the company’s stock worth $102,000 after buying an additional 788 shares in the last quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC boosted its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 259.5% in the second quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC now owns 1,517 shares of the company’s stock worth $128,000 after buying an additional 1,095 shares in the last quarter. Benson Investment Management Company Inc. bought a new stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter worth $147,000. JJJ Advisors Inc. bought a new stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter worth $149,000. Finally, Diker Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co during the second quarter worth $205,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 68.33% of the company’s stock. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) opened at 90.50 on Friday. Procter & Gamble Co has a 52 week low of $79.10 and a 52 week high of $91.89. The stock has a market cap of $231.36 billion, a PE ratio of 16.58 and a beta of 0.64. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $88.48 and a 200-day moving average price of $86.60. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Friday, January 20th. The company reported $1.08 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.06 by $0.02. Procter & Gamble Co had a return on equity of 18.58% and a net margin of 23.44%. The firm had revenue of $16.90 billion for the quarter. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $1.04 earnings per share. The business’s revenue was down .3% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts anticipate that Procter & Gamble Co will post $3.84 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Stockholders of record on Friday, January 20th were issued a dividend of $0.6695 per share. This represents a $2.68 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.96%. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, January 18th. Procter & Gamble Co’s payout ratio is presently 48.73%. This article was posted by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this article on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/03/05/national-planning-corp-sells-3044-shares-of-procter-gamble-co-pg.html. A number of equities research analysts recently weighed in on the stock. B. Riley restated a “buy” rating and set a $106.00 price objective on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research note on Monday, January 23rd. Wells Fargo & Co restated a “market perform” rating on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research note on Thursday, December 1st. Deutsche Bank AG restated a “hold” rating and set a $90.00 price objective on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research note on Thursday, February 16th. Barclays PLC set a $93.00 price objective on shares of Procter & Gamble Co and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, February 18th. Finally, Vetr cut shares of Procter & Gamble Co from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $87.23 price objective on the stock. in a research note on Monday, February 27th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have given a hold rating and eight have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Procter & Gamble Co presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $90.70. In other news, insider Marc S. Pritchard sold 47,252 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, January 23rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $87.14, for a total transaction of $4,117,539.28. Following the sale, the insider now owns 151,643 shares in the company, valued at $13,214,171.02. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, SVP Valarie L. Sheppard sold 20,910 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, January 23rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $87.00, for a total value of $1,819,170.00. Following the sale, the senior vice president now owns 37,835 shares in the company, valued at approximately $3,291,645. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 401,936 shares of company stock worth $35,928,133 in the last 90 days. Company insiders own 0.35% of the company’s stock. About Procter & Gamble Co The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc (ZIOP) Sees Significant Decline in Short Interest Next » Connecticut Wealth Management LLC Has $485,000 Stake in Chevron Co. (CVX) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks Investment Research Downgrades CyberOptics Co. (CYBE) to Sell The Coca-Cola Co (KO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Sanford C. Bernstein PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Sanford C. Bernstein Endeavour Silver Corp Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.01 Per Share (EXK) GCP Applied Technologies Inc. (GCP) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.29 Per Share Patheon NV (PTHN) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages IMPINJ Inc (PI) Receives $33.86 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Outfront Media Inc (OUT) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.36 on March 31st Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. (HVT) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.12 on March 29th SEGRO plc (SGRO) Price Target Increased to GBX 500 by Analysts at HSBC Holdings plc Palo Alto Networks Inc (PANW) Downgraded to “Neutral” at Robert W. Baird South32 Ltd (S32) Upgraded by HSBC Holdings plc to Buy Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Liquidity Services, Inc. (LQDT) to Hold Barclays PLC Reiterates “Equal weight” Rating for Go-Ahead Group plc (GOG) Interserve plc (IRV) PT Lowered to GBX 300 at Jefferies Group LLC BT Group plc (BT) Earns “Sell” Rating from Deutsche Bank AG IBERIABANK Corp (IBKC) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.99 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts KCAP Financial Inc (KCAP) Set to Announce Earnings on Wednesday DCT Industrial Trust Inc (DCT) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Boston Properties, Inc. (BXP) Receives $139.53 Average PT from Brokerages Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Position Increased by Bessemer Group Inc. March 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Bessemer Group Inc. increased its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) by 17.4% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 267,861 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 39,736 shares during the period. Bessemer Group Inc.’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Co were worth $22,521,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in PG. Diversified Trust Co boosted its position in Procter & Gamble Co by 0.5% in the third quarter. Diversified Trust Co now owns 20,866 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,873,000 after buying an additional 109 shares during the last quarter. Independent Franchise Partners LLP boosted its position in Procter & Gamble Co by 1.9% in the third quarter. Independent Franchise Partners LLP now owns 4,277,830 shares of the company’s stock worth $383,935,000 after buying an additional 81,713 shares during the last quarter. Private Asset Management Inc. boosted its position in Procter & Gamble Co by 2.6% in the third quarter. Private Asset Management Inc. now owns 79,440 shares of the company’s stock worth $7,130,000 after buying an additional 2,039 shares during the last quarter. Mason Street Advisors LLC bought a new position in Procter & Gamble Co during the second quarter worth $30,357,000. Finally, Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund bought a new position in Procter & Gamble Co during the second quarter worth $9,100,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 68.33% of the company’s stock. Shares of Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) opened at 90.50 on Friday. Procter & Gamble Co has a 1-year low of $79.10 and a 1-year high of $91.89. The stock has a market capitalization of $231.36 billion, a PE ratio of 16.58 and a beta of 0.64. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $88.48 and a 200 day moving average of $86.60. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Friday, January 20th. The company reported $1.08 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.06 by $0.02. Procter & Gamble Co had a net margin of 23.44% and a return on equity of 18.58%. The firm earned $16.90 billion during the quarter. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $1.04 earnings per share. The business’s revenue was down .3% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts predict that Procter & Gamble Co will post $3.84 EPS for the current year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Stockholders of record on Friday, January 20th were paid a $0.6695 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, January 18th. This represents a $2.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.96%. Procter & Gamble Co’s dividend payout ratio is presently 48.73%. “Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Position Increased by Bessemer Group Inc.” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/04/procter-gamble-co-pg-position-increased-by-bessemer-group-inc.html. PG has been the topic of a number of research analyst reports. Stifel Nicolaus cut shares of Procter & Gamble Co from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and dropped their target price for the company from $88.00 to $86.00 in a research note on Tuesday, December 20th. RBC Capital Markets set a $76.00 target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Co and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, January 2nd. Jefferies Group LLC set a $93.00 target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Co and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, November 21st. Citigroup Inc. boosted their target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Co from $100.00 to $102.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 24th. Finally, Wells Fargo & Co reiterated a “market perform” rating on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research note on Tuesday, November 15th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have issued a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $90.70. In related news, insider Charles E. Pierce sold 55,909 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $91.70, for a total transaction of $5,126,855.30. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, CFO Jon R. Moeller sold 3,411 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $91.21, for a total transaction of $311,117.31. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 401,936 shares of company stock valued at $35,928,133 over the last quarter. Company insiders own 0.35% of the company’s stock. About Procter & Gamble Co The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks Investment Research Downgrades CyberOptics Co. (CYBE) to Sell The Coca-Cola Co (KO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Sanford C. Bernstein PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Sanford C. Bernstein Endeavour Silver Corp Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.01 Per Share (EXK) GCP Applied Technologies Inc. (GCP) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.29 Per Share Patheon NV (PTHN) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages IMPINJ Inc (PI) Receives $33.86 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Outfront Media Inc (OUT) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.36 on March 31st Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. (HVT) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.12 on March 29th SEGRO plc (SGRO) Price Target Increased to GBX 500 by Analysts at HSBC Holdings plc Palo Alto Networks Inc (PANW) Downgraded to “Neutral” at Robert W. Baird South32 Ltd (S32) Upgraded by HSBC Holdings plc to Buy Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Liquidity Services, Inc. (LQDT) to Hold Barclays PLC Reiterates “Equal weight” Rating for Go-Ahead Group plc (GOG) Interserve plc (IRV) PT Lowered to GBX 300 at Jefferies Group LLC BT Group plc (BT) Earns “Sell” Rating from Deutsche Bank AG IBERIABANK Corp (IBKC) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.99 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts KCAP Financial Inc (KCAP) Set to Announce Earnings on Wednesday DCT Industrial Trust Inc (DCT) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Boston Properties, Inc. (BXP) Receives $139.53 Average PT from Brokerages RFG Advisory Group LLC Has $1,001,000 Position in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) March 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet RFG Advisory Group LLC boosted its stake in Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) by 1.9% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 11,331 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 212 shares during the period. RFG Advisory Group LLC’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Co were worth $1,001,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 1.8% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 167,926,302 shares of the company’s stock valued at $14,218,321,000 after buying an additional 3,029,476 shares during the period. Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 0.3% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 41,540,032 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,728,219,000 after buying an additional 105,964 shares during the period. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD increased its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 0.4% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 14,964,441 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,343,059,000 after buying an additional 62,847 shares during the period. Legal & General Group Plc increased its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 2.2% in the second quarter. Legal & General Group Plc now owns 13,345,851 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,129,899,000 after buying an additional 282,031 shares during the period. Finally, Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. increased its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 7.3% in the second quarter. Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. now owns 10,441,393 shares of the company’s stock valued at $884,084,000 after buying an additional 711,121 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 68.33% of the company’s stock. Shares of Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) opened at 90.50 on Friday. The firm has a market capitalization of $231.36 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.58 and a beta of 0.64. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $88.48 and its 200 day moving average is $86.60. Procter & Gamble Co has a 12 month low of $79.10 and a 12 month high of $91.89. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Friday, January 20th. The company reported $1.08 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.06 by $0.02. Procter & Gamble Co had a net margin of 23.44% and a return on equity of 18.58%. The firm had revenue of $16.90 billion for the quarter. During the same period last year, the company posted $1.04 earnings per share. The business’s revenue was down .3% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts forecast that Procter & Gamble Co will post $3.84 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Shareholders of record on Friday, January 20th were given a dividend of $0.6695 per share. This represents a $2.68 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.96%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, January 18th. Procter & Gamble Co’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 48.73%. “RFG Advisory Group LLC Has $1,001,000 Position in Procter & Gamble Co (PG)” was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/04/rfg-advisory-group-llc-has-1001000-position-in-procter-gamble-co-pg.html. PG has been the topic of several recent analyst reports. B. Riley reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $106.00 target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a report on Monday, November 21st. Jefferies Group LLC lifted their target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Co from $99.00 to $101.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, February 15th. RBC Capital Markets set a $76.00 target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Co and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, January 2nd. Goldman Sachs Group Inc downgraded shares of Procter & Gamble Co from a “neutral” rating to a “sell” rating and dropped their target price for the stock from $86.00 to $77.00 in a report on Monday, January 9th. Finally, Vetr upgraded shares of Procter & Gamble Co from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $88.80 target price on the stock in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have assigned a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $90.70. In other Procter & Gamble Co news, SVP Valarie L. Sheppard sold 20,910 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, January 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $87.00, for a total transaction of $1,819,170.00. Following the sale, the senior vice president now directly owns 37,835 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $3,291,645. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, SVP Valarie L. Sheppard sold 23,512 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Friday, February 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $90.63, for a total transaction of $2,130,892.56. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 401,936 shares of company stock worth $35,928,133 over the last ninety days. Insiders own 0.35% of the company’s stock. Procter & Gamble Co Company Profile The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content To Inform is to Influence IO, SC, PD, what's in a name? Menu About Information Operations Holistic Organizers IO, Cyber, SC, PD Community Calendar Name and Shame, Educating the Media Information operations · Information Warfare P&G Just Raised the Stakes on Transparency March 4, 2017 Joel Harding I was just discussing MOE yesterday…   </end editorial The Global Brand Won’t Pay if Transparency Rules Aren’t Followed By: SteelHouse February 2, 2017 This past Monday, the world’s largest consumer goods brand Procter & Gamble told their agencies they won’t pay for any work unless they adhere to strict industry-standard viewability metrics, fraud protection, and third-party verification. If you’re looking for a mic-drop moment in the demand for more transparency, look no further. Up until now, calls for more transparency in advertising have not had much weight behind them. With this move, P&G has taken the unprecedented step of putting their money where their mouth is and are holding their vendors accountable by hitting them where it hurts — in the pocketbook. P&G Chief Brand Officer, Marc Pritchard, summed it up best when he said, “the days of giving digital a pass are over.” Vendors need to shape up, or say goodbye to some very large ad budgets. So what will a more transparent ad industry look like? We’re no strangers to the debate for more transparency, and we see it as the only way forward for the ad industry. Here are the top 3 things we believe can be done to help further the effort to bring more visibility into what can be a nebulous and opaque industry: 1. MORE DATA & PERFORMANCE TRANSPARENCY SteelHouse Chief Product Officer, Marwan Soghaier, recently shared his predictions for 2017 and transparency was front and center. He envisioned an industry with more transparency across the board, from media buying to performance. “Advertisers are going to expect full transparency into things like performance, attribution, and pricing — it will become the industry norm,” he said. It would seem his prediction may be coming true, a bit quicker than even he anticipated. P&G’s Pritchard’s remarks are in the same vein — although his language is more blunt — saying P&G doesn’t “want to waste time and money on a crappy media supply chain.” A major element that Pritchard called out are anti-fraud measures, i.e. processes and tech that can prevent less-than-reputable vendors taking advantage of advertisers’ lack of visibility into how data and performance are measured. SteelHouse has been active in this area for some time now, most recently with the introduction of Verified Visits and the soon-to-be-launched Anti-Bot Ads. Here’s a quick primer on what those are: > Verified Visits gives advertisers complete control over how they score attribution — whether it’s with clicks or a combination of both views and clicks. By controlling how they measure performance, advertisers have complete visibility into how their performance is measured because they’re the ones setting the standards. > Anti-Bot Ads, as the name suggests, are aimed at stopping bots from clicking ads, cutting out the chance of fraud in reporting metrics. Both of these measures are designed to cast a light onto how ads are truly performing, and armed with this insight, marketers can sleep better at night knowing their reporting is true to reality. 2. FREE VIEWABILITY Pritchard also called for the industry to adhere to industry-standard viewability metrics. For those that don’t know, viewability is a standard that dictates whether an ad had a chance to be seen by a real human or not, and is supported by the MRC and IAB. P&G’s insistence on adherence to these standards is good business for advertisers — after all, what good will an ad do if it is never seen? Viewability is important, and the industry adhering to the same viewability standard will help ensure everyone is on the same page when it comes to what makes an ad viewable. We recently announced free viewability, providing advertisers MRC- and IAB-standard viewability metrics for every ad served at no additional charge. Until now, advertisers needed to pay extra to know whether their ad was seen by a real human or not, and thankfully those days are over. In an April 2016 survey of digital advertising professionals conducted by Mixpo, 97% of them listed viewability as a concern. Of that 97%, 29% said it was an extreme concern. With P&G shining a spotlight on viewability, more and more marketers will take notice and that 97% will be turned up to 100%. With that much demand, free viewability should be the norm — the industry must either follow suit, or be left behind. 3. KNOW WHAT YOU’RE REALLY SPENDING “[We don’t] want to waste time and money on a crappy media supply chain.” It bears repeating — spending money on an inefficient, opaque supply chain of media-buying vendors is a waste of time, and hurts efficiency. Digital marketing companies make money by marking up media anywhere between 40% and 60%. For example, when you bid a $3.50 CPM, as little as $1.18 could actually be going toward the media. The rest goes to miscellaneous costs throughout the chain, adding up to a percentage of the spend that is far higher than it should be. This keeps advertisers’ budgets from doing what they are intended to do. To help turn the tide on this practice, we introduced our transparent pricing model to help marketers spend their budgets solely on their media buy. Instead of a hidden margin, advertisers pay a separate, upfront platform CPM. That means in our example scenario above, the entire $3.50 goes directly toward the media buy. By knowing what they’re truly spending, advertisers can better control their budgets, and know their true ROI. With transparent media buys, agencies and advertisers can avoid the uncomfortable “what are you really spending my money on?” conversation, and focus solely on getting the most out of their budgets. A MORE TRANSPARENT 2017 The digital ad industry has been heading toward a transparency tipping point, and with P&G’s announcement we may have finally hit it. The chances are high that other advertisers will follow suit in their demand for more transparency across the media reporting landscape, especially if P&G sees positive results. Thankfully, there is already a push for more transparency in adtech — one that SteelHouse is leading. This year may very well determine who can keep up in a transparent world, and who can’t — and the industry can only benefit. Advertisements Share this: Pinterest Tumblr LinkedIn Google Twitter Facebook Email Reddit Print Like this: Like Loading... Related Share this: Pinterest Tumblr LinkedIn Google Twitter Facebook Email Reddit Print Like this: Like Loading... information operations information warfare Post navigation Previous Post Pro‐Kremlin “Re‐information” Efforts: Structural Relations between the Russian Media and the European Far Right Next Post UA Top 40 Frontline Feline Photoessay Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Follow Blog via Email Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Blogroll Big-Eye News Compilation What do you do? Commercial IOTA Propaganda and Counter-Terrorism RSS Feeds  RSS - Posts  RSS - Comments Search for: My Tweets How I like my coffee toinformistoinfluence.com/2017/03/06/how… 18 hours ago “Let Slip the Dogs and Cats of War”: How Russia Lost in the Kittycat and Puppydog Media War toinformistoinfluence.com/2017/03/06/let… 19 hours ago Facebook Launches A New Tool That Combats Fake News toinformistoinfluence.com/2017/03/05/fac… https://t.co/W76L2FJesu 1 day ago Someone did this to Stalin bust on Red Square yesterday toinformistoinfluence.com/2017/03/05/som… 1 day ago “Disinformation” wiki recently updated toinformistoinfluence.com/2017/03/05/dis… https://t.co/hqEiePSuxc 1 day ago Follow @joel_harding Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies from WordPress.com and selected partners. To find out more, as well as how to remove or block these, see here: Our Cookie Policy %d bloggers like this: %d bloggers like this:
Advertising BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Turner CEO: Ad money is coming back to TV that was previously redirected to digital Lara O'Reilly and James Cook Mar. 5, 2017, 9:11 AM 3,175 facebook linkedin twitter email print Turner CEO John Martin.Slaven Vlasic/Getty Images Digital ad spending in the US was forecast to overtake spend on television commercials last year, but the CEO of Turner — which owns CNN, TBS, Cartoon Network, and Adult Swim — says TV is actually experiencing a resurgence. Speaking to Business Insider at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona earlier this week John Martin explained that advertisers are switching some of their digital budgets back to TV because they feel it offers a better measureable return on investment. He said: "I don't want to make any bold predictions again, but we are starting to see money come back into TV that was previously being redirected into digital because ... [of] the efficacy of television."  Martin said TV companies have more data available to be able to offer advertisers audience guarantees, deliver specific types of audiences, and measure back how their commercials performed. "If you think about it, that's really the best of all worlds because we're trying to take what has made digital unique and bring it into the immersive television experience," Martin said. "If we can continue to successfully do that, I think we're going to be great." Martin said TV has been reaping the rewards after "some of the digital companies" that had problems with their metrics — likely referring to the high-profile measurement mistakes made last year by Facebook and Twitter. "Some of the digital companies you have seen have had problems with metrics and KPIs, so there's a little bit of suspicion around exactly if the marketers are getting what they thought they were getting when they paid for it," Martin added. Indeed, in a speech at an Association of National Advertisers event in Florida earlier this week, Marc Pritchard, the chief marketer at P&G — the world's largest advertiser — heaped pressure on digital platforms like Google and Facebook to work harder to get their ad metrics verified and audited. Martin predicts the upfronts will be 'solid' this year Every year, the TV industry throws a huge dog and pony show called the upfronts. Each network gets all their biggest talent and executives on stage to present to an audience of ad buyers about why they should commit an "upfront" level of spend for the following season.  For TV networks, the advantage of the upfront is to create a short window to lock in their ad sales. Ad buyers are meant to get a discount for buying in bulk and the guarantee that their clients' ads will appear next to all the best programming. The TV networks get some clarity about their projected revenues for the year. (L-R) Charles Barkley of Turner Sports’ Inside the NBA on TNT; Chairman and CEO of Turner John Martin, Robin Meade of HLN’s Morning Express, President of Turner Ad Sales Donna Speciale, Anthony Bourdain of CNN's Anthony Bourdain: Parts Unknown, President of Turner David Levy, President of CNN Worldwide Jeff Zucker, President & GM of Cartoon Network, Adult Swim & Boomerang Christina Miller, President of Turner Classic Movies & Turner Content Distribution Coleman Breland, Billy Eichner of truTV’s Billy on the Street, President of Turner Sports Lenny Daniels, President of truTV Chris Linn, and President of TBS & TNT, Chief Creative Officer of Turner Kevin Reilly attend the Turner Upfront 2016 arrivals at The Theater at Madison Square Garden on May 18, 2016 in New York City.Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images TV ad buying has worked in this way since '60s. But last year, as Variety reported, the upfront was slower than expected as deals stalled over pricing. Uncertainty about the economy also led some advertisers to hold back on making upfront commitments. Instead they bought in the "scatter" market, nearer to the time the ads actually aired. Broadcasters can charge premium rates for their ads in the scatter market, but it also leaves them with more uncertainty over whether they can meet their sales targets compared to securing upfront spend. Martin said: "One thing that was for certain last year is the money that was held out and held on the sidelines — people paid huge premiums in the scatter market. So that's the decision that people are going to have to make again: Do they think the economy in the US is going to be strong enough that scatter will be strong and whether they are going to make upfront commitments or not." He continued: "There's more inventory available than ever before, so there's more opportunities for advertisers to hold back. But ultimately I think the money showed up. I mean, our organic US ad revenue last year was pretty good, pretty strong against the headwinds of some of the ratings challenges that we and other networks are having ... so we'll see. I think the upfront will be solid, but it's a little early to predict." Turner grew revenue by 7% year-on-year to $11.4 billion in 2016. The company, which is owned by Time Warner, said it benefited from a 12% increase in subscription revenue and a 3% lift in ad revenue, which was boosted by its news and sports businesses. Read the first part of our Mobile World Congress interview with Turner CEO John Martin, where he spoke about Trump's criticism of CNN, VR, and why he's not interested in Twitter live video here. SEE ALSO: Turner CEO on Trump's CNN criticism: 'It flies by' NOW WATCH: Terry Crews explains how intermittent fasting keeps him in shape Loading video... More: Turner John Martin Mobile World Congress 2017 MWC 2017 TV Upfronts facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Turner CEO: Ad money is coming back to TV that was previously redirected to digital Turner CEO: Ad money is coming back to TV that was previously redirected to digital Digital ad spending in the US was forecast to... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured A Nobel Prize-winning biologist reveals the biggest mistake she made early in her career More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Advertising Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
getsurreyLoad mobile navigation News Latest News Surrey News Property News Business Health Nostalgia Crime Politics Education Motors UK & World NewsExpand What's on Latest What's on Arts & Culture Comedy Family & Kids Film & TV Food & Drink Music & NightlifeExpand Sport Football Crime Health Nostalgia In Your Area Guildford Woking Camberley Staines See all locationsExpand Sign in My Account Subscriptions Sign Out facebook twitter instagram Jobs Motors Property Directory Family Notices BuySell Dating Book an Ad Buy a Photo Contact Us About Us Advertise with Us Competition Rules Goal Time Terms & Conditions How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Policy Cookie Policy RSS Feeds © 2016 Trinity Mirror Southern Home Lifestyle Fun Stuff Egham Lifestyle 8 reasons Egham is a great place to live After claims by a Reading councillor that Egham is "a very boring place to live", we've come up with some reasons to the contrary  Share  Comments ByCharlotte TalbotCharlotte Tobitt 14:00, 5 MAR 2017 Lifestyle Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to playTap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in  Share this video Watch Next  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Residents have been reacting to claims by a Reading councillor stating the town was "a very boring place to live". The comments came in a planning committee meeting in February while borough councillors were discussing the move of 250 Procter & Gamble (P&G) workers from Egham to Whitley. Unconvinced by the claims, we've put together a list of reasons why we think Egham is actually pretty great.... Read More Egham 'a very boring place to live' claims councillor at Procter & Gamble planning meeting 1. Magna Carta It was in Egham - or Runnymede to be precise- where the Magna Carta was sealed by King John on June 15, 1215. For goodness sake, how anywhere with such close links to the cornerstone of modern democracy and freedom can be described as boring is beyond us! (Photo: Professional Images / Simon Jacobs) We even had a visit from the Queen and Prince William, plus more members of the Royal family and the Prime Minister, in 2015 for the 800th anniversary celebrations of the Magna Carta - a pretty cool claim to fame. Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in  Share this video Watch Next 2. New leisure centre The town is soon to get its very own swimming pool. Runnymede Borough Council is holding a consultation on the plans for the facility - which will also include a health spa and outdoor synthetic turf pitches - ahead of submitting a planning application . If they do it right, you could basically spend a whole weekend in a leisure centre like that and not get bored. Egham Leisure Centre (Photo: Darren Pepe) 3. Egham Museum Egham Museum, situated in the High Street, is a treasure trove of historical and archaeological items from the area as well as ever changing exhibitions. Fascinating! Egham Museum 4. Egham Royal Show Held every August Bank Holiday in Mrs Caddy's Field. It's got vintage car parades, livestock, and live music. Hell, it's even got a dog show with categories including "dog looking most like owner"! See the video at the top of the article for a glimpse at the 2016 show. The photos below are from 2015. Royal Egham Show View gallery 5. It has a Waitrose.. After the news of the forthcoming loss of the supermarket from Staines town centre, (which is due to close in the autumn , with Waitrose citing "commercial reasons" for the decision), the Egham store will be the only one in north Surrey - until the planned supermarket in Addlestone opens that is. The store didn't fare so well in the recent Storm Doris though: Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in  See Egham Waitrose roof ravaged by Storm Doris Share this video Watch Next 6. On the banks of the Thames Perfect for dog walking, a simple walk with the family, or a relaxing sit down - especially in the summer. Living right on the Thames is popular for many reasons. It's good to have a bit of nature on the doorstep, after all. An idyllic place to sit - the river off Runnymede Pleasure Grounds (Photo: Huw Powell) 7. Royal Holloway University Founder's building at Royal Holloway in Egham (Photo: Kevin d’Souza) Although having a student population on the doorstep has its own set of issues, Royal Holloway is a prestigious name to boast as your neighbour. The spectacular Founder's Building in particular is iconic and certainly one of the most beautiful university buildings in the country. What could possibly be wrong with that? Students bringing healthy debate to an area stops it stagnating, anyway, and there must be loads of events in Egham that only happen because of the students. Again, this helps it NOT be boring! 8 . 30 minutes to Waterloo... Coming into Waterloo If by any chance you DO get a bit bored in Egham (it could happen anywhere if you stay there long enough), it's not long at all to get into London Waterloo! So there's basically a huge city on the doorstep, but without all the pollution and hustle and bustle - and with even more nature instead. Win-win. Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @getsurrey Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Royal Holloway Runnymede Borough Council Waitrose Addlestone Egham Staines Lifestyle all Most Read Most Recent Egham8 reasons Egham is a great place to live After claims by a Reading councillor that Egham is "a very boring place to live", we've come up with some reasons to the contrary Fun StuffUK Wife Carrying Championships returning to Dorking for unusual annual competition Prepare for 40 couples to compete on Sunday (March 5) - but it's no normal race Surrey HillsThings you might not know happen in Surrey: Hygge Yes, you too can get involved in the lovely cosy practice of hygge. Ahhhhh... DorkingCrowds gathered to watch 10th UK Wife Carrying Championships in Dorking Around 40 competitors had to run up and down a 380 metre course with a 15 metre hill climb FarnhamSee inside the newly refurbished Farnham Hog's Back Hotel Leisure Club & Spa Surya Hotels said it is "committed to returning The Hog's Back Hotel to its former glory in past hay days" KingstonHave you seen the talents of #DancingDan the policeman? PC Daniel Graham's dancing went viral last year and now he's showing off his moves again Mother's Day61 sumptuous afternoon teas in Surrey and Hampshire perfect for Mother's Day A guide to some of the best afternoon teas around Surrey and north-east Hampshire DorkingCrowds gathered to watch 10th UK Wife Carrying Championships in Dorking Around 40 competitors had to run up and down a 380 metre course with a 15 metre hill climb Egham8 reasons Egham is a great place to live After claims by a Reading councillor that Egham is "a very boring place to live", we've come up with some reasons to the contrary Surrey HillsThings you might not know happen in Surrey: Hygge Yes, you too can get involved in the lovely cosy practice of hygge. Ahhhhh... Most Read Most Recent Traffic and TravelM3 traffic plus other breaking news from across the county, March 7 Live updates from around Surrey on news, sport, entertainment, traffic and travel and weather University of SurreyVictor Ivanelo search: Sister's desperate plea for brother to return home as hunt enters day 10 Maria Ivanelo said the disappearance of her brother, a business management student, was "really out of character" PotholesPotholes on Sir Richard's Bridge 'clearly need repairing' as county council and Network Rail dispute the cause "In an ideal world, Network Rail would fix the structural problems and the county council would come along and fix the road," a local councillor said AshfordBus driver found not guilty of killing Ashford motorcyclist by careless driving Darren Churchill, who was just 21, died after he was involved in a collision with a bus as he was travelling from Heathrow to Hounslow GuildfordGentleman's afternoon tea launched at Guildford Harbour Hotel Don't fancy sandwiches and scones? You can tuck into a platter of sausage rolls and scotch eggs Family & KidsLondon Paramount plans: Everything you need to know about so-called £3.5bn 'British Disneyland' Dubbed Britain's answer to Disneyland, London Paramount will cost £3.5bn and will be just an hour's drive from Surrey Surrey PoliceHeadley pool party murder probe: New CCTV of shooting victim Ricardo Hunter issued in fresh BBC Crimewatch appeal The footage footage shows a man, who police believe is Ricardo Hunter, arriving at a pool party with friends just hours before he was shot dead New ArticlesLondon Paramount: See early mock-ups of proposed £3.5bn theme park The team behind the vast theme park development hope to submit an application by November 2017 with a view to a grand opening in 2022 Traffic and TravelM3 traffic plus other breaking news from across the county, March 7 Live updates from around Surrey on news, sport, entertainment, traffic and travel and weather What's On News8 spring cleaning hacks using items you've already got in your home - and some of them might surprise you Grab your marigolds and put some elbow grease into it Top Stories University of SurreyVictor Ivanelo search: Sister's desperate plea for brother to return home as hunt enters day 10 Maria Ivanelo said the disappearance of her brother, a business management student, was "really out of character" Surrey PoliceHeadley pool party murder probe: New CCTV of shooting victim Ricardo Hunter issued in fresh BBC Crimewatch appeal The footage footage shows a man, who police believe is Ricardo Hunter, arriving at a pool party with friends just hours before he was shot dead PotholesPotholes on Sir Richard's Bridge 'clearly need repairing' as county council and Network Rail dispute the cause "In an ideal world, Network Rail would fix the structural problems and the county council would come along and fix the road," a local councillor said Surrey Heath Borough CouncilApple Pay and contactless introduced at Surrey Heath's car parks Surrey Heath Borough Council said its car park officers "received positive feedback almost immediately" on the new system KingstonHave you seen the talents of #DancingDan the policeman? PC Daniel Graham's dancing went viral last year and now he's showing off his moves again AshfordBus driver found not guilty of killing Ashford motorcyclist by careless driving Darren Churchill, who was just 21, died after he was involved in a collision with a bus as he was travelling from Heathrow to Hounslow WeybridgeWeybridge 10k death: Charity partner of public run event 'shocked and deeply saddened' for Czeslaw Dudek's family The 37-year-old was given CPR close to the finish line of the 10k run but tragically died PotholesHow does this happen? Large pothole appears in A31 Farnham Road and is coned off by police to protect road users A pothole near Farnham Road's junction with High View Road was awaiting repair on Monday after being coned off by Surrey Police Local NewsCrufts-winning breeder who killed nine puppies should be 'banned from owning pets for life', petition says Despite stuffing eight newborn puppies into a freezer to kill them, Crufts-winner Margaret Peacock has been allowed to continue keeping and breeding animals GuildfordGuildford Whitmoor Common 'missing man' search: Officers scour area with help from police helicopter and dog team Officers attended the Whitmoor Common car park off Salt Box Road at around lunchtime on Monday OxtedMan charged with causing explosion in Oxted petrol station cash machine raid Residents recalled hearing a loud noise coming from the direction of the cash machine during the early hours of Saturday Local NewsLifeboat crew rescue 'stranded' kayaker from the River Thames The kayaker found himself in trouble on the upstream side of Teddington Weir on Sunday 8 reasons Egham is a great place to live UK Wife Carrying Championships returning to Dorking for unusual annual competition Things you might not know happen in Surrey: Hygge Crowds gathered to watch 10th UK Wife Carrying Championships in Dorking See inside the newly refurbished Farnham Hog's Back Hotel Leisure Club & Spa WWF Christmas advert featuring injured tiger could be most moving effort yet Win a foodie hamper for Fairtrade Fortnight 15 wonderful and waggy dog walks around Surrey Win a family day out at the LEGOLAND® Windsor Resort Bubbleworks closure: 10 things you might not know about the iconic Chessington ride Red Nose Day fan shows off 28 years of Comic Relief noses See inside Costco's giant new warehouse outlet in Sunbury YOUR rights if someone blocks your driveway - can you ram it? The alternative tourism guide to Surrey Jobs in Surrey: Find your next one here Fear of flying courses to be offered at Brooklands Museum St Trinian's original schoolgirls visit film set 60 years on Pub quiz: Test your knowledge of pubs around Dorking Tim Peake captures sun setting over UK from International Space Station Stray of the Day: Stimpy finds 'happy' and loving fur-ever home News What's On Sport Football Follow us facebook twitter instagram Contact Us About Us Advertise with Us Competition Rules Goal Time Terms & Conditions How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Policy Cookie Policy RSS Feeds © 2016 Trinity Mirror Southern This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Close Skip to main content sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › opinion home US politics world opinion selected sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Advertising Opinion Bad news for online advertisers – you’ve been ’ad John Naughton Precision marketing through digital and social media aims to open our hearts and wallets. If only Advertisers shout, but who is listening? Photograph: Alamy Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Sunday 5 March 2017 04.00 EST There is, alas, no such thing as a free lunch. The trouble with digital technology, though, is that for a long time it encouraged us to believe that this law of nature had been suspended. Take email as an example. In the old days, if you wanted to send a friend a postcard saying: “Just thinking of you”, you had to find a postcard and a pen, write the message, find a stamp and walk to a postbox. Two days later – if you were lucky – your card reached its destination. But with email you just type the message, press “send” and in an instant it is delivered to your friend’s inbox, sometimes at the other end of the world. No stamp, no expense, no hassle. It turns out that the advertising industry is beginning to smell a rat in this hi-tech nirvana It is the same with using the cloud to store our digital photographs, browse the web, download podcasts, watch YouTube Lolcats, look up Wikipedia and check our Facebook newsfeeds. All free. Well, up to a point. Most of us eventually tumbled to the realisation that if the service is free, we are the product. Or, rather, our personal data and the digital trails we leave on the web are the product. The data is sliced, diced and sold to advertisers in a vast, hidden – and totally unregulated – system of high-speed, computerised auctions that ensure each user can be exposed to ads that precisely match their interests, demographics and gender identity. And this is done with amazing, fine-grained resolution: Facebook, for example, holds 98 data points on every user. Welcome to the world of “surveillance capitalism”. Still, consider the benefits for advertisers. Once upon a time, advertising was like carpet bombing. You paid a lot of money to put ads in newspapers and magazines or on television and billboards, but it was all hit and miss: you could never be sure what worked. As a US department store magnate, John Wanamaker, once said: “Half the money I spend on advertising is wasted; the trouble is, I don’t know which half.” But when Google and then Facebook arrived, all this apparently changed. The technology deployed by these outfits could ensure that only people likely to be receptive to particular messages would be shown those messages. Wanamaker’s heirs could be sure that their advertising dollars were hitting the spot. And on this foundation, Google and Facebook (and, for a while, Yahoo) made money like it was going out of fashion. It was, as the cliche puts it, a win‑win situation. And so the advertisers’ money, diverted from print and TV, cascaded into the coffers of Google and co. In 2012, Procter & Gamble announced that it would make $1bn in savings by targeting consumers through digital and social media. It has got to the point where, according to last week’s Financial Times, 2017 will be the year when advertisers spend more online than they do on TV. Trebles all round, then? Not quite. It turns out that the advertising industry is beginning to smell a rat in this hi-tech nirvana. In a speech to the annual conference of the Internet Advertising Bureau in January, the Procter & Gamble boss, Marc Pritchard, said this: “We have seen an exponential increase in, well… crap. Craft or crap? Technology enables both and all too often the outcome has been more crappy advertising accompanied by even crappier viewing experiences… is it any wonder ad blockers are growing 40%?” But the exponential growth in crap is not the biggest problem, he said. Much more worrying was the return of the Wanamaker problem: how many people are actually seeing these ads? Perhaps what he had in mind was an advertising industry investigation that suggested around a third of online ads may be “seen” not by humans but by bots. Pritchard regards the hidden machinery of surveillance capitalism as “murky at best and fraudulent at worst. We need to clean it up and invest the time and money we save into better advertising to drive growth.” Robert Mercer: the big data billionaire waging war on mainstream media Read more So here’s version 2.0 of the Wanamaker problem: the US industry is throwing astonishing amounts of money at online advertising and yet the growth rate of the industry is anaemic and nobody knows how effective online advertising really is. “Some might say,” said Pritchard, “we’re squandering this wonderful gift of technology.” They might. But eventually people will ask: what’s the rate of return of online advertising? Who’s benefiting from this vast, opaque, unregulated, unmonitored and ultimately user-hostile online auction system? Part of the answer may be glimpsed in the share prices of Google and Facebook. But mostly it’s to be found in the profits of the data-brokers, cookie monsters, trackers and other corporate creatures that lurk in the shadows cast by the internet giants. And they’re not talking. Advertising Opinion Internet Facebook Social networking Google Big data features Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion selected sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion selected sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Opinion › Advertising Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Wharton, University of Pennsylvania The K@W Network: English 简体中文 繁體中文 Español Portugués Log In Register Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Rows Knowledge @ Wharton Search World Search Topics Finance Innovation Leadership Marketing Management Public Policy Social Impact Technology Regions North America Asia-Pacific Europe Latin America Middle East & Africa Global Focus Research K@W Radio More Books Videos Opinion Sponsor Collaborations Reports About About Us Our Team Media Room News Feeds Partnerships Feedback Marketing What Does It Mean for a Brand to Have a Point of View? Mar 02, 2017 Opinion North America Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Quote Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Quote Supports K@W's Marketing Content The idea of corporations publicly taking on political and social positions not long ago was considered verboten. Now it seems almost mainstream. Yet companies need to understand that how they present their beliefs is critical, notes Eric Solomon in this opinion piece. He is a brand strategy director for Google. Earlier, he was global director of brand strategy for Spotify, and prior to that head of brand strategy and insights for YouTube. And the Oscar Goes to … This week’s Oscars 2017 broadcast brought us two noteworthy moments. The first, of course, is the one that everyone is talking about: the impossible Hollywood ending that carried on longer than anyone could have imagined. The second moment was far more subtle, but at least for those of us in the ad world, almost as interesting. For the first time since 2010, The New York Times aired a television spot. Beautifully executed, the commercial takes a square aim at the “fake news” phenomenon that is consuming American politics today. The video itself builds with a chorus of opposing claims set in black text against a simple white background (e.g., “the truth is a woman should dress like a woman” vs. “the truth is women’s rights are human rights”), and builds to their poignant new tagline: “The truth is now more important than ever.” We are living during an unprecedented political age, so it’s no coincidence that The New York Times has chosen now to voice their strong point of view. But, they are by no means the only company taking a public stand on a burning issue – neither now, nor in the recent past. Taking a Stand, More Than Ever Having a dedicated point of view is something that defines some of the world’s most iconic, successful brands. This is a big part of what helps a brand differentiate itself from competition, and what helps to fill the gap between the products companies make and the emotional experience a brand idea can convey. For the past few years, it seems that more companies than ever are commenting directly on current social or political issues, communicating beliefs that extend far beyond internal sets of brand guidelines or values. We’ve seen Cheerios take a stand on racial issues and Honey Maid redefine the notion of what a wholesome family looks like. REI has closed their stores on Black Friday in the name of opting outside, and P&G is dedicated to getting people to think twice about what it means to do something “like a girl.” These examples are just the tip of the proverbial iceberg. “The election of a new administration raised … important issues around populism, immigration, tensions around race and gender and the overarching question of what it means to be an American.” Without a doubt, 2017 feels different. Regardless of one’s political persuasion, the election of a new administration has raised several important issues around populism, immigration, tensions around race and gender and the overarching question of what it means to be an American. The advertising industry has not kept silent on these and other issues, with several brands opting to spend significant budgets to express their points of view on big stages. Sponsored Content: During Super Bowl LI, for example, football fans were exposed to company beliefs in new and surprising ways. We saw Budweiser tell their story of an immigrant founder; Airbnb unleashed an ode to acceptance; and 84 Lumber, a building-supply company, paid nearly $15 million to air a 90-second story about an immigrant’s journey from Mexico to America, only after having Fox deem a version showing a border wall “too controversial.” (84 Lumber sent viewers to view the ‘complete’ version on their site.) Another interesting take came from Audi of America, who caused unexpected waves by taking a stand for gender equality in the American workplace. And if all that commentary felt a bit heavy-handed, Saturday Night Live offered a salve in the name of parody. When a Belief Is Called into Question Now, back to Audi. Crafted by San Francisco-based Venables Bell & Partners, the ad itself has earned accolades for its cinematic approach to storytelling. A handful of executives have praised Audi’s ad publicly for pushing back hard on gender stereotypes. However, much of the commentary around the ad is critical. The conversation has really caught fire on YouTube: There are over 130,000 comments on the video to date, 56% of which are negative.   Some of this criticism is due to the reality of Audi’s own executive team and board, which reflect a marked lack of diversity. According to some, this may have led to a feeling that Audi is attempting to align themselves politically with an important issue without having the appropriate substantiation for their claims. This is a difficult position for Audi because they have communicated a point of view – one that they’re very likely committed to – which they are now obligated to defend, loudly and publicly. If Audi fails to do that, this calls into question the veracity of their belief; if they succeed, this raises questions about how gender diversity will play out for the brand and company moving forward. “People expect companies to have a point of view on current cultural or political issues.” This example, along with The New York Times’ example and others, illuminates an even grander question: What does it mean for a brand to have a point of view? What do brands or companies need to do in order to comment on political or social issues, and how should they best manage expressions of those beliefs when faced with adversity? Here are a few guidelines for organizational leaders. Have a Belief System Businesses play a big role in our lives. The products we use or consume can be integral to the way that we experience the world, and one role of the brand is to express an emotional reason why we might use or consume one thing over another. It can help to convey that emotional value through what Viacom’s Ross Martin calls a belief system. In a recent talk, Martin defines a belief system as a “clarity of purpose that unites, inspires and catalyzes the power and potential” of a business. Sometimes this belief system is core to a company’s heritage (REI holds a firm commitment to the outdoors); in other instances, beliefs have to be shaped over time (for Honey Maid, wholesome has evolved to equal diversity). In an ideal world, a belief system should permeate everything a company does and says. But, the first action may be for an organization to take a step back and ask: What is our point of view, and how do we express it?  Embrace Authenticity People expect companies to have a point of view on current cultural or political issues. According to a 2014 study, around 75% of millennials believe that businesses should share a point of view about issues and should influence others to get involved in an issue. But people, especially younger people, can smell fakeness a mile away – and they aren’t afraid to call anyone out on it. Once a business develops and expresses a belief system, it must follow through on that point of view in a real, authentic way. Audi may believe that progress equals gender equality, but they need to commit to demonstrating how that belief connects the dots across all facets of their organization. Actions Are More Important Than Words Saying you believe in something is easy. Showing, unequivocally, that you believe something is much harder. During Super Bowl LI, we saw through advertising that Airbnb has a strong point of view about what acceptance means: “No matter who are you are, where you’re from, who you love, or who you worship, we all belong.” But #weaccept is an idea that is bigger than words on a screen. Airbnb is taking action by setting a goal to provide housing for 100,000 people in need, and they’re contributing $4 million to the International Rescue Committee to help support displaced populations globally. Those are actions that speak louder than words.  Prepare to Engage Having a point of view on something sometimes means defending it. There will always be people who oppose a position – that’s the nature of opinions. For companies, this translates to having an engagement strategy when their belief system is under scrutiny or attack. When Honey Maid underscored wholesome as inclusive of same-sex and interracial families, some people didn’t like it. The brand reacted to that opposition by physically turning that negativity in something positive. Honey Maid may have anticipated that taking a stand would elicit some backlash, so they devised a strategy to reinforce their point of view. Developing and maintaining a point of view is hard work for any organization. But we believe, when done well, it can fuel a major source of differentiation across a crowded, noisy landscape. As writer Elie Wiesel, once said: “The opposite of love is not hate, it’s indifference.” When companies or brands lack a clear point of view, the net effect can often feel a lot like indifference. [The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of Google.] [Photo credit: By Haxorjoe – Own work, CC BY-SA 3.0, https://commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?] Supports K@W's Marketing Content Citing Knowledge@Wharton Close For Personal use: Please use the following citations to quote for personal use: MLA "What Does It Mean for a Brand to Have a Point of View?." Knowledge@Wharton. The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania, 02 March, 2017. Web. 07 March, 2017 <http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/mean-brand-point-view/> APA What Does It Mean for a Brand to Have a Point of View?. Knowledge@Wharton (2017, March 02). Retrieved from http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/mean-brand-point-view/ Chicago "What Does It Mean for a Brand to Have a Point of View?" Knowledge@Wharton, March 02, 2017, accessed March 07, 2017. http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/mean-brand-point-view/ For Educational/Business use: Please contact us for repurposing articles, podcasts, or videos using our content licensing contact form. Additional Reading Marketing How Will Corporate America’s New Political Boldness Affect Its Brands? Companies ranging from Budweiser to Airbnb took a political stand during this year’s Super Bowl through television ads. Will they alienate stakeholders? Public Policy Corporations and Politics: Shunning the Middle Road to Go Left or Right In a politically polarized country, corporations can no longer take the middle road on political issues, new research suggests. Sponsored Content Precision Medicine: New Paradigms, Risks and Opportunities Precision medicine is changing the way therapies are being developed. It has widespread implications for everything from genomics to medical devices, and creates new models for enterprises.   Join The Discussion 7 Comments So Far Log In or sign up to comment Eric — this is a terrific piece and I wholeheartedly agree with you that brands should have a point of view. I suggest one more guideline to your excellent list: Build on a foundation of emotional connection with your customers. The brands that have been able to express POVs effectively — Starbucks, Nike, Dove — have done so in part because they have already established an emotional connection with their customers and they use their values messages to further that connection. It seems more difficult for a brand to jump from a very rational, product-centric appeal to a strong social message without having already demonstrated customer empathy and establishing a level of trust and resonance with its customers — connections that are built over time. — denise lee yohn Jack Lichtenstein I hate to seem “old school,” but I look for the “very rational, product-centric appeal.” I am happy with any company that will provide me with a product or service that has the features I need, that does not need lines of disclaimers in their ads, and that will allow me to speak with a human when I need to. I have not seen many companies with points of view that are abhorrent, and so I don’t much care about their efforts to engage me with themes that are developed by teams of marketers to play on emotions and that are, in any case, completely irrelevant to my decision to purchase that good or service. In my professional life, I am a consultant in business and government policy. My clients are interested in my ability to provide sound advice. One of the last things any of them is interested in is whether my political or social beliefs align completely with theirs and make them feel good. In fact, I have to be able to provide them with unalloyed advice about the effects of their actions and stands on various issues (their actual policies and actions as opposed to those that appear in advertisements). For me, if a company provides a good product or service, does not lie or mislead in its communications, and otherwise treats its customers and others with respect, it is fulfilling its part of the social contract. Jack — thank you for your comment. It’s a good reminder that different approaches resonate with different customers — further, it makes me realize I should have clarified that a company must offer a good product and value to customers before reaching for these higher-order connections — having a POV does not make up for having a poor product. Thanks again. — denise lee yohn eric solomon Agree with Denise — and thank you for the comment, Jack! I don’t think what you’re saying is “old school” at all; I believe many people would agree. Adding onto Denise’s comment, however, in cluttered categories where many offerings are more or less at parity, establishing emotional connections and/or proving a strong point of view can help to build saliency, potentially leading to the notion that people are making ‘rational’ decisions to buy or use something even when guided by less logical or conscious motivations. When it comes to aligning to points of view, I think younger people are likely more persuaded by companies that stand out by having something to say. Thanks again for the comment- Eric Jack Lichtenstein Thank you, Denise and Eric. Herewith my last comment on the issue. Your points are cogent and well taken. I completely accept an effort by a business to establish emotional connections where “…many offerings are more or less at parity…”. I am not certain that many offerings are often at parity, but your basic point certainly is valid. Many years ago, a classmate of mine and I started a forum on corporate social responsibility at the Harvard Business School where we were then MBA candidates. Our concern was that businesses conduct their affairs toward their customers, workers, shareholders, communities and others in a responsible and ethical manner. When a company has reached that threshold, then I believe they have a right, and some would say a responsibility, to weigh in on issues that are tangential to their core business. They always should have their own house in order first. Otherwise, an embrace of societal issues seems little more than especially cynical dimension of the marketing mix. Best wishes to you. Jack Walter B Bull Jr At one time I read the NY Times for its news reporting, financial statistics, social reporting, book reviews -etc features that were special to the publication. Finally the editorial crusade created by a staff that started with a conclusion and worked backwards to a narrative that I found disagreeable caused me to put “All The News That is Fit to Print” in my discontinue column. Branding is a bundle in today’s world-not a single concept and consumers are getting more choosy every day. WBBJr “consumers are getting more choosy every day” indeed! Thanks, Walter. Knowledge@Wharton Partners View All Partners Partner Collaborations Become a Content Partner The Wharton School is committed to sharing its intellectual capital through the school’s online business journal, Knowledge@Wharton. Podcasts Hear what CEOs, Wharton faculty, and other commentators have to say about the latest business trends, breaking news and market research in their own words. Listen Now stay informed Get Knowledge@Wharton delivered to your inbox every week. Follow us on: Facebook Twitter  LinkedIn About Knowledge@Wharton Become a Content Partner Privacy Policy Feedback All materials copyright of the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.
Wharton, University of Pennsylvania The K@W Network: English 简体中文 繁體中文 Español Portugués Log In Register Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Rows Knowledge @ Wharton Search World Search Topics Finance Innovation Leadership Marketing Management Public Policy Social Impact Technology Regions North America Asia-Pacific Europe Latin America Middle East & Africa Global Focus Research K@W Radio More Books Videos Opinion Sponsor Collaborations Reports About About Us Our Team Media Room News Feeds Partnerships Feedback Marketing What Does It Mean for a Brand to Have a Point of View? Mar 02, 2017 Opinion North America Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Quote Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Quote Supports K@W's Marketing Content The idea of corporations publicly taking on political and social positions not long ago was considered verboten. Now it seems almost mainstream. Yet companies need to understand that how they present their beliefs is critical, notes Eric Solomon in this opinion piece. He is a brand strategy director for Google. Earlier, he was global director of brand strategy for Spotify, and prior to that head of brand strategy and insights for YouTube. And the Oscar Goes to … This week’s Oscars 2017 broadcast brought us two noteworthy moments. The first, of course, is the one that everyone is talking about: the impossible Hollywood ending that carried on longer than anyone could have imagined. The second moment was far more subtle, but at least for those of us in the ad world, almost as interesting. For the first time since 2010, The New York Times aired a television spot. Beautifully executed, the commercial takes a square aim at the “fake news” phenomenon that is consuming American politics today. The video itself builds with a chorus of opposing claims set in black text against a simple white background (e.g., “the truth is a woman should dress like a woman” vs. “the truth is women’s rights are human rights”), and builds to their poignant new tagline: “The truth is now more important than ever.” We are living during an unprecedented political age, so it’s no coincidence that The New York Times has chosen now to voice their strong point of view. But, they are by no means the only company taking a public stand on a burning issue – neither now, nor in the recent past. Taking a Stand, More Than Ever Having a dedicated point of view is something that defines some of the world’s most iconic, successful brands. This is a big part of what helps a brand differentiate itself from competition, and what helps to fill the gap between the products companies make and the emotional experience a brand idea can convey. For the past few years, it seems that more companies than ever are commenting directly on current social or political issues, communicating beliefs that extend far beyond internal sets of brand guidelines or values. We’ve seen Cheerios take a stand on racial issues and Honey Maid redefine the notion of what a wholesome family looks like. REI has closed their stores on Black Friday in the name of opting outside, and P&G is dedicated to getting people to think twice about what it means to do something “like a girl.” These examples are just the tip of the proverbial iceberg. “The election of a new administration raised … important issues around populism, immigration, tensions around race and gender and the overarching question of what it means to be an American.” Without a doubt, 2017 feels different. Regardless of one’s political persuasion, the election of a new administration has raised several important issues around populism, immigration, tensions around race and gender and the overarching question of what it means to be an American. The advertising industry has not kept silent on these and other issues, with several brands opting to spend significant budgets to express their points of view on big stages. Sponsored Content: During Super Bowl LI, for example, football fans were exposed to company beliefs in new and surprising ways. We saw Budweiser tell their story of an immigrant founder; Airbnb unleashed an ode to acceptance; and 84 Lumber, a building-supply company, paid nearly $15 million to air a 90-second story about an immigrant’s journey from Mexico to America, only after having Fox deem a version showing a border wall “too controversial.” (84 Lumber sent viewers to view the ‘complete’ version on their site.) Another interesting take came from Audi of America, who caused unexpected waves by taking a stand for gender equality in the American workplace. And if all that commentary felt a bit heavy-handed, Saturday Night Live offered a salve in the name of parody. When a Belief Is Called into Question Now, back to Audi. Crafted by San Francisco-based Venables Bell & Partners, the ad itself has earned accolades for its cinematic approach to storytelling. A handful of executives have praised Audi’s ad publicly for pushing back hard on gender stereotypes. However, much of the commentary around the ad is critical. The conversation has really caught fire on YouTube: There are over 130,000 comments on the video to date, 56% of which are negative.   Some of this criticism is due to the reality of Audi’s own executive team and board, which reflect a marked lack of diversity. According to some, this may have led to a feeling that Audi is attempting to align themselves politically with an important issue without having the appropriate substantiation for their claims. This is a difficult position for Audi because they have communicated a point of view – one that they’re very likely committed to – which they are now obligated to defend, loudly and publicly. If Audi fails to do that, this calls into question the veracity of their belief; if they succeed, this raises questions about how gender diversity will play out for the brand and company moving forward. “People expect companies to have a point of view on current cultural or political issues.” This example, along with The New York Times’ example and others, illuminates an even grander question: What does it mean for a brand to have a point of view? What do brands or companies need to do in order to comment on political or social issues, and how should they best manage expressions of those beliefs when faced with adversity? Here are a few guidelines for organizational leaders. Have a Belief System Businesses play a big role in our lives. The products we use or consume can be integral to the way that we experience the world, and one role of the brand is to express an emotional reason why we might use or consume one thing over another. It can help to convey that emotional value through what Viacom’s Ross Martin calls a belief system. In a recent talk, Martin defines a belief system as a “clarity of purpose that unites, inspires and catalyzes the power and potential” of a business. Sometimes this belief system is core to a company’s heritage (REI holds a firm commitment to the outdoors); in other instances, beliefs have to be shaped over time (for Honey Maid, wholesome has evolved to equal diversity). In an ideal world, a belief system should permeate everything a company does and says. But, the first action may be for an organization to take a step back and ask: What is our point of view, and how do we express it?  Embrace Authenticity People expect companies to have a point of view on current cultural or political issues. According to a 2014 study, around 75% of millennials believe that businesses should share a point of view about issues and should influence others to get involved in an issue. But people, especially younger people, can smell fakeness a mile away – and they aren’t afraid to call anyone out on it. Once a business develops and expresses a belief system, it must follow through on that point of view in a real, authentic way. Audi may believe that progress equals gender equality, but they need to commit to demonstrating how that belief connects the dots across all facets of their organization. Actions Are More Important Than Words Saying you believe in something is easy. Showing, unequivocally, that you believe something is much harder. During Super Bowl LI, we saw through advertising that Airbnb has a strong point of view about what acceptance means: “No matter who are you are, where you’re from, who you love, or who you worship, we all belong.” But #weaccept is an idea that is bigger than words on a screen. Airbnb is taking action by setting a goal to provide housing for 100,000 people in need, and they’re contributing $4 million to the International Rescue Committee to help support displaced populations globally. Those are actions that speak louder than words.  Prepare to Engage Having a point of view on something sometimes means defending it. There will always be people who oppose a position – that’s the nature of opinions. For companies, this translates to having an engagement strategy when their belief system is under scrutiny or attack. When Honey Maid underscored wholesome as inclusive of same-sex and interracial families, some people didn’t like it. The brand reacted to that opposition by physically turning that negativity in something positive. Honey Maid may have anticipated that taking a stand would elicit some backlash, so they devised a strategy to reinforce their point of view. Developing and maintaining a point of view is hard work for any organization. But we believe, when done well, it can fuel a major source of differentiation across a crowded, noisy landscape. As writer Elie Wiesel, once said: “The opposite of love is not hate, it’s indifference.” When companies or brands lack a clear point of view, the net effect can often feel a lot like indifference. [The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of Google.] [Photo credit: By Haxorjoe – Own work, CC BY-SA 3.0, https://commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?] Supports K@W's Marketing Content Citing Knowledge@Wharton Close For Personal use: Please use the following citations to quote for personal use: MLA "What Does It Mean for a Brand to Have a Point of View?." Knowledge@Wharton. The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania, 02 March, 2017. Web. 07 March, 2017 <http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/mean-brand-point-view/> APA What Does It Mean for a Brand to Have a Point of View?. Knowledge@Wharton (2017, March 02). Retrieved from http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/mean-brand-point-view/ Chicago "What Does It Mean for a Brand to Have a Point of View?" Knowledge@Wharton, March 02, 2017, accessed March 07, 2017. http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/mean-brand-point-view/ For Educational/Business use: Please contact us for repurposing articles, podcasts, or videos using our content licensing contact form. Additional Reading Marketing How Will Corporate America’s New Political Boldness Affect Its Brands? Companies ranging from Budweiser to Airbnb took a political stand during this year’s Super Bowl through television ads. Will they alienate stakeholders? Public Policy Corporations and Politics: Shunning the Middle Road to Go Left or Right In a politically polarized country, corporations can no longer take the middle road on political issues, new research suggests. Sponsored Content Precision Medicine: New Paradigms, Risks and Opportunities Precision medicine is changing the way therapies are being developed. It has widespread implications for everything from genomics to medical devices, and creates new models for enterprises.   Join The Discussion 7 Comments So Far Log In or sign up to comment Eric — this is a terrific piece and I wholeheartedly agree with you that brands should have a point of view. I suggest one more guideline to your excellent list: Build on a foundation of emotional connection with your customers. The brands that have been able to express POVs effectively — Starbucks, Nike, Dove — have done so in part because they have already established an emotional connection with their customers and they use their values messages to further that connection. It seems more difficult for a brand to jump from a very rational, product-centric appeal to a strong social message without having already demonstrated customer empathy and establishing a level of trust and resonance with its customers — connections that are built over time. — denise lee yohn Jack Lichtenstein I hate to seem “old school,” but I look for the “very rational, product-centric appeal.” I am happy with any company that will provide me with a product or service that has the features I need, that does not need lines of disclaimers in their ads, and that will allow me to speak with a human when I need to. I have not seen many companies with points of view that are abhorrent, and so I don’t much care about their efforts to engage me with themes that are developed by teams of marketers to play on emotions and that are, in any case, completely irrelevant to my decision to purchase that good or service. In my professional life, I am a consultant in business and government policy. My clients are interested in my ability to provide sound advice. One of the last things any of them is interested in is whether my political or social beliefs align completely with theirs and make them feel good. In fact, I have to be able to provide them with unalloyed advice about the effects of their actions and stands on various issues (their actual policies and actions as opposed to those that appear in advertisements). For me, if a company provides a good product or service, does not lie or mislead in its communications, and otherwise treats its customers and others with respect, it is fulfilling its part of the social contract. Jack — thank you for your comment. It’s a good reminder that different approaches resonate with different customers — further, it makes me realize I should have clarified that a company must offer a good product and value to customers before reaching for these higher-order connections — having a POV does not make up for having a poor product. Thanks again. — denise lee yohn eric solomon Agree with Denise — and thank you for the comment, Jack! I don’t think what you’re saying is “old school” at all; I believe many people would agree. Adding onto Denise’s comment, however, in cluttered categories where many offerings are more or less at parity, establishing emotional connections and/or proving a strong point of view can help to build saliency, potentially leading to the notion that people are making ‘rational’ decisions to buy or use something even when guided by less logical or conscious motivations. When it comes to aligning to points of view, I think younger people are likely more persuaded by companies that stand out by having something to say. Thanks again for the comment- Eric Jack Lichtenstein Thank you, Denise and Eric. Herewith my last comment on the issue. Your points are cogent and well taken. I completely accept an effort by a business to establish emotional connections where “…many offerings are more or less at parity…”. I am not certain that many offerings are often at parity, but your basic point certainly is valid. Many years ago, a classmate of mine and I started a forum on corporate social responsibility at the Harvard Business School where we were then MBA candidates. Our concern was that businesses conduct their affairs toward their customers, workers, shareholders, communities and others in a responsible and ethical manner. When a company has reached that threshold, then I believe they have a right, and some would say a responsibility, to weigh in on issues that are tangential to their core business. They always should have their own house in order first. Otherwise, an embrace of societal issues seems little more than especially cynical dimension of the marketing mix. Best wishes to you. Jack Walter B Bull Jr At one time I read the NY Times for its news reporting, financial statistics, social reporting, book reviews -etc features that were special to the publication. Finally the editorial crusade created by a staff that started with a conclusion and worked backwards to a narrative that I found disagreeable caused me to put “All The News That is Fit to Print” in my discontinue column. Branding is a bundle in today’s world-not a single concept and consumers are getting more choosy every day. WBBJr “consumers are getting more choosy every day” indeed! Thanks, Walter. Knowledge@Wharton Partners View All Partners Partner Collaborations Become a Content Partner The Wharton School is committed to sharing its intellectual capital through the school’s online business journal, Knowledge@Wharton. Podcasts Hear what CEOs, Wharton faculty, and other commentators have to say about the latest business trends, breaking news and market research in their own words. Listen Now stay informed Get Knowledge@Wharton delivered to your inbox every week. Follow us on: Facebook Twitter  LinkedIn About Knowledge@Wharton Become a Content Partner Privacy Policy Feedback All materials copyright of the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.
menu Sections Tuesday, March 7, 2017 search Today's Paper insert_drive_file Close   INQUIRER.NET NEWS OPINION SPORTS LIFESTYLE PREEN ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY GLOBAL NATION USA & CANADA POP ESPORTS BANDERA CDN PBA MOTIONCARS INQSHOP MY INQUIRER ADVERTISE menu search NEWS OPINION SPORTS LIFESTYLE PREEN ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY GLOBAL NATION business / BoardTalk share this Grass is greener where you water it By: Doris Dumlao-Abadilla - Reporter / @philbizwatcher Philippine Daily Inquirer / 12:59 AM March 06, 2017 Exemplary individuals. (From left) Octave, Tan, Ressa, Montinola and Aguhon Award chair Maoi Arroyo It has been said that the Philippines is sitting on a gold mine of people who have worked and studied overseas, many of whom will eventually find their way back home and use their globally competitive skill sets and fresh perspective to make a positive economic, social or cultural impact in the region. BDO Unibank president Nestor Tan, Far Eastern University vice president for corporate affairs and Hands On Manila founder Gianna Montinola, Unilab senior vice president Jose Maria Ochave and Rappler co-founder and president Maria Ressa are four such exemplary individuals. They recently received the Aguhon Award, which honors individuals who came back home to serve their countrymen. ADVERTISEMENT In Filipino, “aguhon” is a sextant used for generations by seafarers to find their way. Asian Institute of Management (AIM) professor Maoi Arroyo, who chairs the Aguhon Award, said recognizing individuals who had come back to serve the country was one way of helping the region reaffirm its sense of self and renew its hopes for the future. Aguhon supports leaders who believe that “the grass is greener where you water it,” who invest in Asia by working in Asia. The Aguhon Award is also a platform that seeks to raise scholarship funds for the World Economic Forum’s communities of Young Global Leaders, Global Shapers and Schwab Social Entrepreneurs to take up AIM’s MSc Innovation in Business. “It is no longer enough to say that ‘the Filipino is worth dying for,’ we must also assert that the Filipino is worth living for—and worth living here for. While we value the support and sacrifices of those who have left our region yet continue to help their home countries, let us also laud those who have decided to double down on their countries when the going gets tough,” Arroyo said. Nestor Tan This veteran banker, who holds an MBA from Wharton School and a bachelor’s degree in commerce from De La Salle University, had worked in New York and London for global banking institutions. He had worked at Bankers Trust Co. in New York as vice president and the Barclays Group in New York and London as planning director and head of strategic planning for corporate and institutional services group. Thereafter, he became the chief operating officer for the financial institution services group of BZW, the investment-banking subsidiary of the Barclays Group. He joined BDO as executive vice president in 1997, the year when the Asian currency crisis erupted, and became president in July 1998. When Tan joined BDO, it was far from the banking giant that it is today. It was also a challenging period for the banking system, as the peso devaluation against the US dollar and skyrocketing interest rates triggered a spate of loan defaults. Since the millennium turnover, Tan—together with chair Teresita Sy-Coson—led BDO to one merger after another, at one point acquiring one bank almost every year. These days, BDO has become the country’s biggest bank in all metrics—total resources (P2.3 trillion), loan book (P1.57 trillion), deposits (P1.9 trillion), capitalization (P217.5 billion) and assets under management (P1 trillion). It has also become the most valuable, now valued by the stock market at around P513 billion. During his acceptance speech, Tan said he can’t change the world but can work to build a better bank, and make financial services more inclusive. Outside of BDO, Tan is also the president of the influential Bankers Association of the Philippines, which works with banking regulators and stakeholders in addressing issues faced by the banking industry. Gianna Montinola For someone who admitted to not having any grand plan and only seizing opportunities that came her way, this lawyer, ex-diplomat, business manager, educator and volunteerism advocate rolled into one has gone a long way. Montinola—vice president for corporate affairs at FEU (controlled by her family), where she has also handled marketing, communications and external relations since 2013 (and a consultant since 2004)—herself has had a cosmopolitan education. She finished the first year of A-Levels under the British Preparatory system at New Hall, Chelmsford, Essex in England and joined the “Junior Year Abroad” program to learn French from the L’Institut d’Études Europeénnes in Paris while pursuing a BA degree in International Relations, which she subsequently earned from Mount Holyoke College, in Massachusetts. She also acquired a Bachelor of Laws degree from the Ateneo de Manila University and masters degree in Public Administration from the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University. She served as Philippine Honorary Consul to the Republic of Peru from 1992 to 1996, at the time when Alberto Fujimori was president. After her tour of duty in Peru, she joined the marketing and then the business development department of Rockwell Land Corp. (1996 to 1998), then a small company trying to make its presence felt in the property industry. “Although my life was full as wife, mother and professional, I felt the time was right for me to give back,” Montinola said. Her prayers were answered in 2001 when she was given the opportunity to set up Hands On Manila (HOM) Foundation Inc., the first international affiliate of American nongovernment organization (NGO) Hands On Network-Points of Light. HOM brought to the country an innovative and alternative model of volunteer service, which allows for volunteering to be integrated into daily schedules even for busy individuals. Its goal is to train, educate and mobilize volunteers in the areas of education, livelihood and environment. Over the years, HOM has gained headway not only among individual volunteers but among corporations which outsourced their corporate social responsibility initiatives to the foundation. To date, HOM has mobilized 30,280 volunteers, worked with 96 corporate partners and entities and collectively contributed over 300,000 volunteer hours, in turn benefiting 8,000 children, 2,000 elderly people, 14 public schools and 62 orphanages, three coastal mangrove areas and 120 NGOs. Jose Maria Ochave A chemical engineer and lawyer, he helped Unilab—now the largest pharmaceutical firm in Southeast Asia—introduce cheaper drugs to the market. For him, there’s no reason for drugs to be expensive unless they are biotech drugs. In 2002, Unilab set up RiteMED as a manufacturer and marketer of off-patent, low cost pharmaceuticals that were 50 percent cheaper than the drugs peddled by big pharmaceutical firms. Ochave calls it an “advocacy brand.” Ochave took an unconventional path to leadership, one that was shaped up by the underground movement. In the dark days of martial law, he was among those young people organizing students. “Everything I know about marketing and management, I learned from the movement,” he said. “After all, what more difficult item is there to sell to the people than a revolution, to ask people to stake their lives for something not tangible as human rights, freedom, self-determination?” Ochave graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering degree from the University of the Philippines (where he was a DOST scholar) in 1986. When the Marcos dictatorship was overthrown during the 1986 revolution, Ochave decided it was time to return to the mainstream. He joined multinational giant Procter & Gamble, where he was part of the team that started community relations. Afterwards, he went to law school, earning his Bachelor of Laws from the University of the Philippines in 1992. He graduated class salutatorian and ranked 11th in the 1992 Philippine bar exams. He then got a Master of Laws degree from the University of Michigan (under Dewitt Fellowship), which he completed in 1995. Maria Ressa Ressa, co-founder and president of online media Rappler, has been a journalist in Asia for more than 25 years, most of them as CNN’s bureau chief in Manila then Jakarta. She became CNN’s lead investigative reporter focusing on terrorism in Southeast Asia and wrote “Seeds of Terror: An Eyewitness Account of al-Qaeda’s Newest Center of Operations in Southeast Asia.” In 1987, Ressa was one of the founders of independent production company, Probe. In 2005, she returned to the Philippines to head ABS-CBN News and Current affairs. For six years, she managed more than 1,000 journalists for the largest multiplatform news operation in the Philippines. Her work aimed to redefine journalism by combining traditional broadcast, new media and mobile phone technology for social change. She taught courses in politics and media for her alma mater, Princeton University, as well as in broadcasting at the University of the Philippines. Born in the Philippines, Ressa moved to the United States shortly before martial law was declared. (Very recently, she convinced her parents to move back to the Philippines). Her first homecoming to the Philippines was in 1986. She recalled this was an inspiring time, as the People Power in the Philippines had sparked democracy movements elsewhere in the world—in South Korea, Pakistan, China, Burma, East Germany, Bangladesh and Nepal. By her second homecoming in 2005, at the helm of ABS-CBN News, she said the grumbling among people had begun to manifest. Decades after the ouster of Marcos, she observed that the promise of people power remained unfulfilled and that American-style democracy had failed in this country. With the rise of populist leaders globally amid grumbling from the populace, Ressa also lamented how social media was being used as a weapon against institutions and individuals, including journalists. Last year was the turning point for the world, she said, citing Great Britain’s vote to pull out of the European Union, the election of Rodrigo Duterte in the Philippines and the election of Donald Trump in the United States. “This is another cycle of history. It is time to stand. It is time to be counted,” she said. play_circle_filled Duterte confirms existence of DDS during martial law March 07, 2017 play_circle_filled Duterte to CA: Allow Gina Lopez to present her mining stance March 07, 2017 play_circle_filled Nationwide smoking ban to include indoor cigarette use, says Palace March 07, 2017 play_circle_filled Palace: There was a 'certain attempt' to influence Duterte financially March 07, 2017 TAGS: Aguhon Award For feedback, complaints, or inquiries, contact us. INQUIRER.net Follow @inquirerdotnet TRENDING newsinfo Woman’s leg gashed in mall escalator mishap March 6, 2017 entertainment WATCH: ‘PH President’ punched by US official in TV series March 7, 2017 newsinfo Senators doubt credibility of Lascañas March 7, 2017 globalnation 8 PH universities listed among Asia’s best June 14, 2016 newsinfo Lacson: I got info ‘dance instructor’ of Duterte sister alive March 6, 2017 Disclaimer: Comments do not represent the views of INQUIRER.net. We reserve the right to exclude comments which are inconsistent with our editorial standards. FULL DISCLAIMER share this The Inquirer Channels News Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Business Opinion Global Nation Services Sitemap Mobile RSS Email Us Archive Contact Us Advertise News Letter Job Openings The Inquirer Company About INQUIRER.net About the INQUIRER User Agreement Link Policy Privacy Policy Article Index Partners Hinge Inquirer Bandera Cebu Daily News DZIQ990 AM Motion Cars PBA PesoPay IIDM © Copyright 1997-2016 INQUIRER.net | All Rights Reserved
menu Sections Tuesday, March 7, 2017 search Today's Paper insert_drive_file Close   INQUIRER.NET NEWS OPINION SPORTS LIFESTYLE PREEN ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY GLOBAL NATION USA & CANADA POP ESPORTS BANDERA CDN PBA MOTIONCARS INQSHOP MY INQUIRER ADVERTISE menu search NEWS OPINION SPORTS LIFESTYLE PREEN ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY GLOBAL NATION business / BoardTalk share this ‘People-first’ technology on the rise By: Annelle Tayao-Juego - Reporter / @neltayao Philippine Daily Inquirer / 12:52 AM March 06, 2017 Technology for the people, by the people.” No, it’s not a reworked line from Abraham Lincoln’s Gettysburg Address, but the theme of Accenture’s 2017 Technology Vision (Tech Vision) report, the company’s “annual prediction of technology trends that will shape the future of companies in the next three years.” “In 2017, we’re seeing that technology is really being shaped by people, for people,” says JP Palpallatoc, Accenture digital group lead of the Philippines delivery center. ADVERTISEMENT Basically, the theme is a “call to action for business and technology leaders to actively design and direct technology to augment and amplify human capabilities.” To help companies respond to this call, Tech Vision lists down five emerging technology trends that companies should take note of to succeed in today’s digital economy: •AI (artificial intelligence) is the new UI (user interface); • ecosystems as macrocosms; • workforce marketplace • design for humans; • the uncharted. “AI is getting simpler, making the interaction with customers and employees more intuitive,” Palpallatoc says of the first trend, citing the Amazon Alexa, the “virtual assistant” created by the company. For companies, AI could become their “spokesperson,” says Palpallatoc, citing how chat bots have already started taking on this role when it comes to customer service. “As more people interact with AI, we’re going to see how they could eventually represent brands and be the digital spokesperson,” he says. The second trend, Palpallatoc continues, is all about companies building an ecosystem of partners that will allow them to diversify their operations—like how General Motors invested $500 million in ride-hailing startup Lyft Inc. with plans of creating a network self-driving cars. “When we surveyed executives, 75 percent said that their competitive advantage does not solely rely on their strengths, but on the strengths of their partners and their ecosystem,” says Palpallatoc. “They can even have multiple ecosystems, so they need to create a strategy to know which partners, which ecosystem they can work with.” The next Tech Vision trend, according to Palpallatoc, is something that is “very relevant” to the country: workforce marketplace. With the rise of on-demand labor platforms such as freelancer.com and raket.ph, companies are given the opportunity to have a healthy talent mix by tapping into these external sources, aside from their direct hires. “A very good example of this would be Procter & Gamble, which is experimenting by mixing borrowed resources from external talent marketplaces with their own internal recruits,” he says. “And the results have been very positive: projects have been developed with higher quality and faster pace. So companies need to redesign their contracts with people, to provide jobs that will allow [employees] to pursue their passions.” Closely related to the first trend is the fourth, which is designing technology for humans. This entails understanding human behavior, says Palpallatoc, with the help of data analytics, which could be gathered using AI. “Every application, customer interaction generates data, [which allows one] to see people’s preferences, wants, needs. These can be used to tailor technology according to one’s behavior,” he adds. Lastly, Palpallatoc emphasizes that companies should also keep in mind “the uncharted”—inventing new industries and new technology standards. “Sixty-eight percent of the executives which we surveyed said regulations, especially in the area of technology, had not kept pace with the changes,” he says. “Here in the Philippines, the most relevant experience we’ve had was the entry of Uber and Grab. So we’re seeing that technology leaders have also become pioneers, redefining standards in different industries.” play_circle_filled Duterte confirms existence of DDS during martial law March 07, 2017 play_circle_filled Duterte to CA: Allow Gina Lopez to present her mining stance March 07, 2017 play_circle_filled Nationwide smoking ban to include indoor cigarette use, says Palace March 07, 2017 play_circle_filled Palace: There was a 'certain attempt' to influence Duterte financially March 07, 2017 TAGS: Accenture’s 2017 Technology Vision (Tech Vision), technology For feedback, complaints, or inquiries, contact us. INQUIRER.net Follow @inquirerdotnet TRENDING newsinfo Woman’s leg gashed in mall escalator mishap March 6, 2017 entertainment WATCH: ‘PH President’ punched by US official in TV series March 7, 2017 newsinfo Senators doubt credibility of Lascañas March 7, 2017 globalnation 8 PH universities listed among Asia’s best June 14, 2016 newsinfo Lacson: I got info ‘dance instructor’ of Duterte sister alive March 6, 2017 Disclaimer: Comments do not represent the views of INQUIRER.net. We reserve the right to exclude comments which are inconsistent with our editorial standards. FULL DISCLAIMER share this The Inquirer Channels News Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Business Opinion Global Nation Services Sitemap Mobile RSS Email Us Archive Contact Us Advertise News Letter Job Openings The Inquirer Company About INQUIRER.net About the INQUIRER User Agreement Link Policy Privacy Policy Article Index Partners Hinge Inquirer Bandera Cebu Daily News DZIQ990 AM Motion Cars PBA PesoPay IIDM © Copyright 1997-2016 INQUIRER.net | All Rights Reserved
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software Microsoft partners with Steelcase to build 'Creative Spaces' and change our workplaces 2 minutes ago Samsung Galaxy S8 release date has reportedly been pushed back by a week to April 28 18 minutes ago Google's Assistant is spewing insane Obama conspiracy theories 34 minutes ago Skype Preview app updated with Compact Overlay support for latest Windows Insider build 50 minutes ago View all recent news Microsoft partners with Steelcase to build 'Creative Spaces' and change our workplaces 2 minutes ago Skype Preview app updated with Compact Overlay support for latest Windows Insider build 50 minutes ago This tutorial will teach you how to recreate Arnold Schwarzenegger's T-800 HUD in HoloLens 4 hours ago Office Insiders get Touch Bar support for Outlook on the Mac 13 hours ago View all Microsoft news Google's Assistant is spewing insane Obama conspiracy theories 34 minutes ago It's been five years since Google opened its digital doors to the Play Store 8 hours ago Google releases March Android security update; new Pixel and Nexus factory images available 13 hours ago Google launches stable version of Android Studio 2.3 Mar 5, 2017 View all Google news Office Insiders get Touch Bar support for Outlook on the Mac 13 hours ago Apple launching 'new' 32GB iPhone 6 in Asian markets Mar 5, 2017 Apple stokes patent war fire with UK lawsuit against Qualcomm Mar 3, 2017 Apple, Microsoft top business brands in UK, decline in consumer space Mar 2, 2017 View all Apple news Panda Free Antivirus 18.1.0 4 hours ago Media Player Classic - Home Cinema 1.7.11 17 hours ago AutoHotkey 1.1.25.00 Mar 4, 2017 FileZilla 3.25.0 RC1 Mar 4, 2017 View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending Who knew war could be so gratifying? Sniper Elite 4 Review Mar 4, 2017 Review: GPD WIN - A Windows 10 handheld with roots from portable gaming Mar 2, 2017 Review: The $249 Honor 6X raises the bar yet again Feb 20, 2017 Review: Amazfit Pace is an activity tracker that needs to hit the gym for some massive gains Feb 14, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials Official Nintendo Switch unboxing video debuts, this time it's not a stolen unit Feb 22, 2017 Unboxing Logitech's new BRIO webcam, which supports Windows Hello, 4K streaming, and more Feb 12, 2017 First 24: Hands-on with Samsung's Gear S3 classic Nov 26, 2016 Spectre x360 (2016) unboxing and first impressions: HP may have a winner Nov 12, 2016 View all unboxings LG finally announces the G6, complete with 'Full Vision' display and dual 13MP rear cameras Feb 26, 2017 Upcoming Nokia phones will not use Carl Zeiss lenses Mar 6, 2017 PC users will get the Creators Update first, with Windows 10 Mobile coming later Mar 6, 2017 Microsoft drops Pen on entry-level Surface Pro 4 in the US; 'no pen' SKU now the only option 21 hours ago View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Get this Ethical Hacking A to Z Bundle for just $39 via Neowin Deals 19 hours ago Last chance to get a lifetime subscription to pCloud Premium Cloud Storage for just $59.99 Mar 3, 2017 Get The Professional Ethical Hacker Bundle for just $49 via Neowin Deals Mar 2, 2017 Get the price dropped Python 3 Bootcamp Bundle for just $41 for a limited time Mar 1, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Remember Motorola being dead? Scratch that, Lenovo is bringing it back By Florin Bodnarescu Neowin LLC · Mar 4, 2017 · Hot! with 10 comments At the beginning of last year, it emerged that Lenovo was planning to phase out the Motorola brand in favour of a “Moto by Lenovo” denomination. Twelve months later, the company seems to have had a change of heart (along with a change in leadership). According to CNET, Chairman and President of Motorola Mobility (the consumer oriented spin-off of former Google-owned Motorola, set up in 2011), Aymar de Lencquesaing points out to 2016 as the year in which the company “finished transforming” itself. The newly found focus allowed it to come to market with the Moto Z, and its accompanying accessories dubbed Moto Mods. De Lencquesaing states that the shift back to the widely recognized older branding will eventually roll out everywhere, but timing would depend on the region. He specifically mentions Brazil as one of Motorola's stronger markets, whereas Russia is cited as the opposite. The parent company, Lenovo, even plans to reintroduce the Motorola name in its native China, ditching the ZUK branding that’s currently available. While the Moto Z had sold over 1 million units worldwide as of October last year, there is also the small matter of the Moto 360, one of the first Android Wear smartwatches. News on that front is not so great, as in an interview with German publication It Zoom de Lencquesaing revealed: We decided not to release a new version, because honestly, the demand is not so strong and the usage scenarios are not so clear. The market is likely to get a second breath when the industry finds out how to link watches to mobile networks. As long as they are tied to the smartphone, there is also a market for it - but it is a narrow market. Jan Huckfeldt, former Procter & Gamble executive who joined Motorola Mobility in May 2016 as Chief Marketing Officer, notes that it was “foolish to throw it [the Motorola name] overboard”. His eventual intent is to make Motorola a premium name once more. As far as an actual time line is concerned, Huckfeldt said “Give us 12 months, and everyone in the US will know the new Motorola”. Despite the brand recognition, there’s no doubt Lenovo will have some difficulty reintroducing consumers to the Motorola name. Until that is all said and done, the king is dead, long live the king. Source: CNET Tags Lenovo Motorola Branding Resurrected brand Moto by lenovo Moto 360 Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Previous Story 7 Days: A week of Windows 10 wonders, Mobile World marvels, and a piece of Windows 98 Pi Next Story A PSA has gone out warning Switch users to hold off on buying vinyl skins Advertisement Community Activity Refresh Microsoft partners with Steelcase to build 'Creative Spaces' and change our workplaces in Front Page News Google's Assistant is spewing insane Obama conspiracy theories in Front Page News Samsung Galaxy S8 release date has reportedly been pushed back by a week to April 28 in Front Page News BT told to cut landline-only customers' bills in Front Page News Skype Preview app updated with Compact Overlay support for latest Windows Insider build in Front Page News Forums were upgraded to 4.1.18.2 in Site Announcements More Samsung devices including S7 and S7 edge are now supported by LineageOS 14.1 in Front Page News GNU / Linux Desktops: 1Q 2017 in Linux / Unix Support Trending Stories LG finally announces the G6, complete with 'Full Vision' display and dual 13MP rear cameras Feb 26, 2017 with 19 comments Upcoming Nokia phones will not use Carl Zeiss lenses Mar 6, 2017 with 12 comments PC users will get the Creators Update first, with Windows 10 Mobile coming later Mar 6, 2017 with 12 comments Microsoft drops Pen on entry-level Surface Pro 4 in the US; 'no pen' SKU now the only option 21 hours ago with 5 comments Related Stories Moto G5 and Moto G5 Plus bring quality at an affordable price Feb 27, 2017 Moto G5 leaks shows off metal back and gesture-capable fingerprint sensor Feb 21, 2017 Moto G5 and G5 Plus specs and pictures leak ahead of Mobile World Congress Feb 15, 2017 Unlocked Moto Z gets discounted to $449.99 in the US Feb 7, 2017 deals PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597.00 $69.00 88% off The Complete Linux Mastery Bundle $1,770.00 $39.00 98% off pCloud Premium Cloud Storage: Lifetime Subscription $478.80 $59.99 87% off VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $39.00 92% off Xamarin Cross Platform Development Bundle $1,046.00 $35.00 97% off Show Comments 10 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] mwc 2017 Blast from the past: Hands-on video and first impressions of the new Nokia 3310 nokia 3310 hands-on video Nokia 3 and Nokia 5: First impressions of the new Android handsets nokia 5 hands-on video Lenovo's new Windows 10 devices, unveiled at Mobile World Congress lenovo hands-on video Alcatel Plus12: First impressions of the new Windows 10 2-in-1 alcatel plus12 hands-on video Samsung Galaxy Book: First impressions of the new Windows 10 2-in-1 galaxy book catch up on the week's top tech news Windows 10 wonders, Mobile World marvels, and a piece of Windows 98 Pi 7 days VIDEO Sony Xperia Touch: The €1500 portable Android 7.0 projector xperia touch DISCUSS What did you like most at MWC 2017? discuss VIDEO Hands-on and first impressions of the stylish new LG G6 flagship lg g6 Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
CLOSE X Advertisement X Classifieds Front page Editor's choice Special features Budget 2017 SS Mendi: 100 years Trump's America Zuma World Economic Forum Weather & info Weather Indicators TV Guide Movie Guide News Crime & Courts Politics South Africa Africa World Opinion Back Page Politics Business Report Companies Economy Energy Markets Entrepreneurs Technology International Careers Opinion Financial Tools Events Personal finance My Money Debt Financial Planning Medical Cover Invest Insurance Retirement Tax Money tools Sport Soccer Rugby Cricket Boxing Tennis Fifa Opinion Cycling Golf More Sport IOL Sportzone ICC Twenty20 Motoring Latest launches Road tests F1 Motorsport Bikes 4x4 Special Features Industry news Prices & Specs Trucks Entertainment News TV & Radio Movies Music Gossip Books What's On Fun stuff Royals Trevor Noah TV guide Movie guide Grahamstown Festival Lifestyle Love & Sex Health Family Food & Drink Home & Garden Style People BabyNet Competitions GQ Games Dating Travel News South Africa World Tips Olympics Paralympics Live Blog Athletics Swimming Soccer Cycling Rugby Gymnastics Newspapers Classifieds Cape Times Cape Argus Daily News Daily Voice Isolezwe Ilisolezwe Mercury Pretoria News The Post The Star Saturday Star TIOS Sunday Independent Sunday Tribune Weekend Argus Cape Community Matric Results Cape Community Athlone News Atlantic Sun Bolander Cape Towner Constantiaberg Bulletin False Bay Echo Plainsman Sentinel News Southern Mail Southern Suburbs Tatler Table Talk Vukani Bellville & Durbanville Goodwood & Parow Kuils River, Brackenfell & Kraaifontein Multimedia Galleries Videos Other sites BabyNet.co.za Glamour.co.za GQ.co.za Games Dating Jobs IOL Property IOL Sportzone Loot.co.za Classifieds WomanOnline About IOL About IOL Terms and conditions Privacy policy Press code Complaints Companies Economy Energy Markets Entrepreneurs Technology International Careers Opinion Financial Tools Events Mining Indaba Budget World Economic Forum Raging Bull Awards Financial Planner of the YearIOL Companies Cartrack hits 600 000 milestone Pioneer Foods is in talks Merafe reports 53% rise, sees positive demand ahead Australia central bank sits on rates, sounds neutral Trump's new travel ban raises bar for legal challenges business report companies L'Oreal designs hair care for new markets Companies / 4 March 2017, 11:00am Pauline Bax Pictures: AP Johannesburg - L’Oreal is trying to find out what African women want, and then make money from it. In a sparsely lit room inside a laboratory near Johannesburg, a young woman pores over single strands of hair, the ends of each fibre held, jewellery-like, in delicate copper tubes. A laser machine nearby draws a horizontal red line over the face of a motionless volunteer in a black T-shirt. “African consumers don’t have today a great freedom to do what they want with their hair without pain, money and effort,” said Alice Laurent, a 39-year-old French biochemist who built up the research centre from scratch after a five-year stint for L’Oreal in China. “I’d say that L’Oreal is quite a pioneer.” The world’s biggest maker of beauty products is hoping to capture a market that it estimates at 100 million middle-class consumers. Unlike Europe, Africa holds the promise of high growth: the number of middle-class African women who live in cities and work outside the home will continue to grow for years to come, and their average age is an alluring 24. The idea is to develop new hair products especially for them rather than offering brands developed for black consumers in the US, and thus giving L’Oreal an advantage over competitors such as Unilever and Avon. Pointing at a study that’s pinned on a wall detailing degrees of curliness in countries across sub-Saharan Africa, Laurent said her first priority is identifying habits and needs of African consumers, about whom there is little research. The laboratory is part of the company’s plan to tap into new markets, according to Deborah Aitken, a Bloomberg Intelligence analyst. L’Oreal seeks to sustain growth by carefully chosen acquisitions and by going into emerging markets with long-term potential, Aitken said. “Africa is a big market for key product categories like hair care, and to really capture that will help develop L’Oreal versus peers like Unilever,” Aitken said. Rising sales Worldwide, L’Oreal has extended its lead in recent years by expanding its stable of luxury lines. High-end brands have fueled expansion in North America, where like-for-like sales were up 6.3 percent in the fourth quarter of 2016, the company said this month. While its shares have slightly lagged behind the Stoxx 600 Personal & Household Goods Index over the last 12 months, L’Oreal expects to outperform the beauty market globally this year. Read also: L'Oreal beats estimates But in Nigeria and South Africa, the region’s two largest economies, L’Oreal’s sales in all beauty and personal care categories combined are trailing Unilever, Avon and P&G. And it faces strong competition from local brands, which according to L’Oreal account for two-thirds of the African hair care market. Purple bottles Most of the money African women spend on beauty products goes to hair care. Among popular brands that L’Oreal already sells across sub-Saharan Africa are the relatively pricey Garnier and the mass-market Dark & Lovely, whose purple-tinted bottles and jars are coveted from salons in Tanzania to shantytowns in Sierra Leone. The beauty market in Africa is divided in two segments: local brands and international brands. “African women will use both, and they’re also very good at customizing their own pomades,” Laurent said. While L’Oreal says it considers sub-Saharan Africa “very promising,” the company won’t disclose sales forecasts or targets. But sales data tell the story. The total value of sales of beauty and personal care products in South Africa and Nigeria rose to almost $5 billion last year. Hair care was among the fastest-growing categories of products sold between 2010 and 2015, with the value of sales climbing 38 percent and 63 percent in South Africa and Nigeria in the period respectively, according to Euromonitor, which collects data for four countries in the region. Growing slowly “The big manufacturers are realizing that there’s a lot of future potential,” said Thomas Verryn, research manager at Euromonitor International for sub-Saharan Africa. “They’re investing now to make increased sales in the long term.” African hair comes with a unique set of challenges: it’s more fragile than Caucasian hair, it grows more slowly and it’s more difficult to manage. Wigs aside, braiding is widely considered the most convenient style because they can stay in for several weeks and barely require maintenance, Laurent said. But years of braiding or chemically straightening curly hair can cause receding hairlines and even baldness, as some products, relaxers especially, are “very harsh to the hair,” she said. Natural hair To be sure, the African hair care market is still tiny compared to Asia or Europe, accounting for roughly $450 million in sales in South Africa and more than $300 million in Nigeria, according to Euromonitor data. And like other big-name western brands, L’Oreal is facing the skepticism of a generation of media-savvy African women who’ve latched onto the natural-hair movement that originated in the US about a decade ago. While US sales of relaxers dropped 19 percent between 2013 and 2015, market research company Mintel reports, in Africa they’re still climbing steadily. At the same time, the natural-hair trend is rapidly gaining a foothold in Africa, with at least 10 specialized salons opening in Johannesburg alone in the past few years, each selling their own pomades. Back in her office, Laurent brings out a sample of the first brand to come out of the lab: Au Naturale, a range of four products designed to untangle and moisturize African locks.  “We redeveloped the range specifically for Africa, we tested it here and we worked with our experts here,” she said. Bloomberg Companies Cartrack hits 600 000 milestone Pioneer Foods is in talks Merafe reports 53% rise, sees positive demand ahead Australia central bank sits on rates, sounds neutral Trump's new travel ban raises bar for legal challenges Most Read Leadership fight risks split in ANC, Duarte says Local couple buy historic Cape Villa for R22m Trump's new travel ban raises bar for legal challenges Nedbank rebrands to get new clients Cyclists bring opportunities Advertisement MORE business report companiesMenu Companies| Economy| Energy| Markets| Entrepreneurs| Technology| International| Careers| Opinion| Financial Tools| Events| business report companiesMenu Companies| Economy| Energy| Markets| Entrepreneurs| Technology| International| Careers| Opinion| Financial Tools| Events| INFO About IOL Front page Market indicators Movie guide Newspapers TV guide Weather SITES BabyNet.co.za Glamour.co.za GQ.co.za Ilisolezwe Isolezwe IOL Jobs IOL Property IOL Sportzone Loot.co.za Classifieds WomanOnline SECTIONS News Politics Business report Sport Motoring Entertainment Lifestyle Travel About IOL Front page Market indicators Movie guide Newspapers TV guide Weather
