Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Feminine Protection Market Analysis: Size, share, Growth, Industry Demand and Forecasts Analysis to 2021 – MarketReportsOnline   View as PDF  Print View    Latest report on Feminine Protection Industry of 82 pages now added by a leading business intelligence provider to MarketReportsOnline.com database. Pune, India – June 1, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ — The report entitled „Global Feminine Protection (Sanitary Pads, Tampons & Pantyliner) Market: Size, Trends & Forecasts (2017-2021)”, provides analysis of the global feminine protection market, with detailed analysis of market size and growth, and segmentation of the industry. The analysis includes the market by value and by region. The report also provides the analysis of the global feminine protection market of the US, Western Europe, Eastern Europe, China and Latin America regions. Complete report on Feminine Protection market spread across 82 pages with providing 4 company profiles, 1 table and 45 figures is now available at http://www.marketreportsonline.com/594821.html. Country Coverage: The US, Western Europe, Eastern Europe, China & Latin America Company Coverage of Feminine Protection Market: Procter & Gamble (P&G), Edgewell Personal Care Co., Unicharm Corporation & Kimberly-Clark Corporation Moreover, the report also assesses the key opportunities in the market and outlines the factors that are and will be driving the growth of the industry. Growth of the overall global feminine protection market has also been forecasted for the years 2017-2021, taking into consideration the previous growth patterns, the growth drivers and the current and future trends. Procter & Gamble (P&G), Edgewell Personal Care Co., Unicharm Corporation and Kimberly-Clark Corporation are some of the key players operating in the global feminine protection market, whose company profiling has been done in the report. In this segment of the report, business overview, financial overview and business strategies of the companies are provided Inquire for a discount on this Global Feminine Protection Market report at http://www.marketreportsonline.com/contacts/discount.php?name=594821. Feminine hygiene considered some special areas for personal hygiene. Maintaining appropriate hygiene for intimate area is one of the significant factors in female reproductive health, sexual health and quality of life. Feminine hygiene can further be categorized into: Feminine Protection and Intimate Care. The global feminine protection market is expected to increase at high growth rates during the forecasted period (2017-2021). The global feminine protection market is supported by various growth drivers, such as increasing global female population, increasing disposable income, increase in urban population, growth in e-commerce, etc. Feminine protection includes hygiene absorbent products which are engineered to absorb and retain menstrual blood or others emanating from vagina without causing any leakage. The feminine protection segment can be classified into three major categories – sanitary pads, tampons and Pantyliner. The intimate care is separate from the regular hygiene routine, that include the proper cleaning of intimate area without upsetting the pH balance and therefore help to avoid vaginal infections such as bacterial vaginosis (BV). The major types of intimate care products are: douches, intimate wash and sprays, and feminine wipes. Order a copy of this „Global Feminine Protection (Sanitary Pads, Tampons & Pantyliner) Market: Size, Trends and Forecasts (2017-2021)” research report at USD 1200 (Single User License) http://www.marketreportsonline.com/contacts/purchase.php?name=594821. Major Points from Table of Contents: 1. Executive Summary 2. Introduction 2.1 Feminine Hygiene: An Overview 2.2 Feminine Protection: An Overview 2.3 Intimate Care: An Overview 2.4 Advantages & Disadvantages Of Feminine Protection Products 3. Global Market Analysis 3.1 Global Feminine Protection Market: An Analysis 3.2 Global Feminine Protection Market: Product Analysis 4. Regional Market Analysis 4.1 The US Feminine Protection Market: An Analysis 4.2 Europe Feminine Protection Market: An Analysis 4.3 China Feminine Protection Market: An Analysis 4.4 Latin America Feminine Protection Market: An Analysis 5. Market Dynamics 5.1 Growth Drivers 5.2 Challenges 5.3 Market Trends 6. Competitive Landscape 6.1 Global Feminine Protection Market by Retail Brand Penetration 6.2 Western Europe Feminine Protection Market by Players 6.3 Eastern Europe Feminine Protection Market by Players 6.4 China Feminine Protection Market Share by Players 6.5 China Feminine Protection Market Players by Product Segments 7. Company Profiles Explore other newly published reports by Daedal Research at http://www.marketreportsonline.com/publisher/daedal-research-market-research.html. Contact Info: Name: Ritesh Tiwari Email: sales@marketreportsonline.com Organization: MarketReportsOnline Phone: + 1 888 391 5441 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/feminine-protection-market-analysis-size-share-growth-industry-demand-and-forecasts-analysis-to-2021-marketreportsonline/204116 For more information, please visit http://www.marketreportsonline.com/contacts/discount.php?name=594821 Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 204116 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Vein Health Clinic Announces New Treatment Options for Varicose Veins (Thu 1st Jun 17) Icarus P&T Announces Launch of Irish Branch of Online Stove Fan Store (Thu 1st Jun 17) Navajo Nation Community Health Insurance Connecting Kids To Coverage Launched (Thu 1st Jun 17) Private Label Skin Care Manufacturer Has New Natural-Based Products (Thu 1st Jun 17) Escape Entertainment Launches Power Team BuildingTM An Innovative Service To Enhance Team Performance And Leadership Development (Thu 1st Jun 17) CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 2017-2022 Global Ladies Underwear Market Share, Trends, Opportunities & Forecast Next PostNext Private Label Skin Care Manufacturer Has New Natural-Based Products Search Recent Posts Wonder Woman In 3D Crushed The Box Office With Approximately 43% Of Estimated $223 Million Worldwide In 3D Ticket Sales CAIR-Columbus to Seek Hate Crime Probe, Arrest of Suspect Following Beating of Ohio Muslim Woman Halozyme Phase 2 Data In Advanced Pancreas Cancer Featured In An Oral Presentation At ASCO Foreign Language Courses to Begin: Chinese, German, Japanese, Tagalog Saori Erickson Senior Recital Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Sign in Home Business Politics Nigeria Health & Wellbeing Education Life & Style Sport Editorial Backpage Sign in Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Password recovery Recover your password your email Search 23 C Lagos Monday, June 5, 2017 Sign in / Join SIGNUP TO BREAKING NEWS ALERTS LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password THISDAYLIVE Home Business Politics Nigeria Health & Wellbeing Education Life & Style Sport Editorial Backpage Home Business P&G Nigeria Collaborates with WeConnect to Train Women Entrepreneurs P&G Nigeria Collaborates with WeConnect to Train Women Entrepreneurs June 1, 2017 0 1290 Raheem Akingbolu Procter &Gamble, a leading FMCG company in Nigeria, has further shown its commitment to gender equality and supplier diversity through its partnership with WeConnect International in Nigeria to introduce the Women’s Business Development Programme. Over 50 women owned business entrepreneurs (WBEs) located in Ibadan, Oyo State, took part in the training, which was held at the P&G Ibadan Plant Site recently. The programme was designed to improve the entrepreneurial potential of the women and also expand the supplier development programmes beyond the walls of P&G to women entrepreneurs through connections and trainings. Speaking on the training sessions, P&G’s Ibadan Plant Manager, Peter Orji and one of the programme facilitators, elaborated on the importance of empowering women. He explained that P&G is renowned for women empowerment and as an extension, the organisation decided to partner with WeConnect in order to empower women entrepreneurs. According to him, “P&G is committed to advancing and supporting the growth of Nigerian small, medium scale enterprises owned by women and improve their management and operational skills. Women need to be up skilled alongside their male contemporaries in thriving economic climes in order to actively contribute to the growth of the nation at large.” The women entrepreneurs were trained on modules such as: Entrepreneurship and Strategy Development, Human Resource Development, Assessing Finance and Visibility for Personal & Corporate Branding using Digital Media & Tools. Insights were also given on P&Gs procurement processes which intimated the participants on the company’s sourcing principles and how to do business with P&G. One of the participants at the training and a certified WeConnect member, Chief Creative Director of My World of Bags, Femi Olayebi appreciated P&G and WeConnect for prioritising women and creating diverse opportunities to empower them. She stated that “many organisations do not give women enough support but partnerships like these have equipped me to positively contribute to the family and to the nation at large.” According to a report by McKinsey’s in 2016, if women were allowed to equally participate in the economy, they could add as much as $28 trillion or 26 percent to the annual global GDP in 2025. P&G is one of the global advocates of women empowerment. Currently there is a global campaign led by the organisation tagged ‘We See Equal’ which is a celebration of women and gender equality. This initiative will empower millions of women and create global pride in women breaking the glass ceiling and help shape the societal perception of women in business and in general. Previous articleCommunication Minister Leads Talk at Marketing Edge Summit Next articleAmbode Inaugurates More Free WiFi Spots in Lagos Online Editor RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Business CBN Pledges to Sustain Dollar Injection in FX Market Business BPE, NSE to Define Terms for Listing Privatised Firms on Bourse Business LSETF, UNDP Sign $4m Partnership Agreement 991,454FansLike 764,096FollowersFollow Latest News Presidency to Sue N’Assembly over Power of Appropriation June 5, 2017 Zenith Bank’s Eurobond Four Times Oversubscribed June 5, 2017 NNPC Incurs Losses as Marketers Shun Petrol Importation   June 5, 2017 Petition Against Physiotherapist Who Abused Special Needs Toddler Gets 9,000 Signatures June 5, 2017 Three Ex-NPA Officials, Jonathan’s Aide Named in $20m Bribery Scandal in... June 5, 2017 THISDAY Today (Download) Download Sunday 4th June 2017 June 5, 2017 0 Recent Comments Daniel Obior on NNPC Incurs Losses as Marketers Shun Petrol Importation   Daniel Obior on Presidency to Sue N’Assembly over Power of Appropriation D a n g o t e-C e m e n t on Petition Against Physiotherapist Who Abused Special Needs Toddler Gets 9,000 Signatures D a n g o t e-C e m e n t on Zenith Bank’s Eurobond Four Times Oversubscribed D a n g o t e-C e m e n t on IPOB: Arresting Kanu Again will Spark Problems for Nigeria MOST COMMENTED Nigeria WAEC Certificate: Buhari Files Appeal against Ruling Dismissing His Objection June 15, 2016 466 Davidson Iriekpen President Muhammadu Buhari has appealed the ruling of Justice Adeniyi Ademola of the Federal High Court in Abuja who on May 26, 2016... Economy Gone Out of Buhari’s Control, Says Lai Mohammed March 12, 2016 Buhari: Nigeria Can’t Afford Forex Demand for Students Studying Abroad March 6, 2016 PRESIDENT BUHARI, DON’T OFFEND THOSE KIDS March 12, 2016 LATEST Presidency to Sue N’Assembly over Power of Appropriation June 5, 2017 Zenith Bank’s Eurobond Four Times Oversubscribed June 5, 2017 NNPC Incurs Losses as Marketers Shun Petrol Importation   June 5, 2017 Petition Against Physiotherapist Who Abused Special Needs Toddler Gets 9,000 Signatures June 5, 2017 Three Ex-NPA Officials, Jonathan’s Aide Named in $20m Bribery Scandal in... June 5, 2017 MOST COMMENTED WAEC Certificate: Buhari Files Appeal against Ruling Dismissing His Objection June 15, 2016 466 Economy Gone Out of Buhari’s Control, Says Lai Mohammed March 12, 2016 Buhari: Nigeria Can’t Afford Forex Demand for Students Studying Abroad March 6, 2016 PRESIDENT BUHARI, DON’T OFFEND THOSE KIDS March 12, 2016 ABOUT USFounded on January 22, 1995, THISDAY is published by THISDAY NEWSPAPERS LTD., 35 Creek Road Apapa, Lagos, Nigeria with offices in 36 states of Nigeria , the Federal Capital Territory and around the world. It is Nigeria's most authoritative news media available on all platforms for the political, business, professional and diplomatic elite and broader middle classes while serving as the meeting point of new ideas, culture and technology for the aspirationals and millennials. The newspaper is a public trust dedicated to the pursuit of truth and reason covering a range of issues from breaking news to politics, business, the markets, the arts, sports and community to the crossroads of people and society. Contact us: hello@thisdaylive.com FOLLOW US About Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy © Copyright 2016 THISDAY NEWSPAPERS LTD.
Press Esc to close Monday 05 June 2017 News updated at 10:22 AM IST epaper  Home   News   District   City   Point Blank - Bengaluru   State   National   International   Business   DH Wheels   Supplements   Sunday   Sportscene   Sunday Herald   Travel   Articulations   Books   Art & Culture   Entertainment   Monday   Cyber Space   Family Finance   Economy & Business   Art Review   Metrolife   Tuesday   Spectrum   Science & Technology   Environment   Wednesday   Metrolife   Thursday   Metrolife   DH Education   Friday   Homes & Interiors   Metrolife   Saturday   Movie Review   She   Living   Metrolife   Champions Trophy   Sports   Entertainment   Videos   Opinion   Edits   First Edit   Second Edit   Main Article   In Perspective   Right in the Middle   Columns   Oasis   Analysis   Panorama   Special Features   Sunday Spotlight   Kitchen   Recipe   Archives   DH Classifieds    Coast Guard saves 39 lives from bad weather      Saudi, Bahrain, Egypt, UAE cut ties with Qatar over terrorism      Four militants killed as CRPF repel fidayeen attack in Kashmir      Umpire Ravi passes away      Zidane pep talk did the trick      Real remain masters of Europe      Pakistan bow to Indian might      Pakistan bow to Indian might      IT employee unions for 'compassionate unionism'      'India GDP growth to remain flat at 7.1%'      Demonetisation will help boost revenues in long run: World Bank      PSBs plan to raise Rs 58k cr this fiscal      RCom: Telecom industry's cash deficit at Rs 1.2 L cr      Kohli, Yuvraj fire India to 319/3 in rain-hit tie      Play resumes, match reduced to 48-over a side      Terror funding probe: NIA continues raids in J&K      Punjab police arrest three ISI backed ISYF terrorists      Dissatisfied with probe, Anurag Tiwari's family mulls moving court      Molestation victims sought to lodge report, harassed by cop      Pakistan put India in to bat      Kohli, Yuvraj fire India to 319/3 in rain-hit tie      As CBI court holds Babri hearings, temple issue hots up in UP      Trump speaks with Theresa May on brutal London terror attacks      Witnesses share horrific tales of attack in central London      Modi expresses anguish over London attacks      Two-goal Ronaldo fires Real to 12th European title      7 killed, 48 injured as terror attacks strike heart of London      Raghu, Misha sail into final      Food as aesthetic symbol and its afterlives      Cattle rule puts lives at stake      TYGR taxis to ply on Bengaluru roads soon      Ind-Ra revises outlook on Vedanta to stable      BoB signs agreement with SFAC      Textile industry welcomes 5% GST      Big US firms stay on White House panel despite climate jolt      Property prices set to drop post-July 1      Cisco India on talent grooming drive      Sona BLW expands Hungary facility      'More hybrids you sell, greater the chances of EV success'      Gujarat govt notifies amended law with provision of life-term for cow slaughter      Govt retains Rohatgi as Attorney General and Kumar as Solicitor General      PM Modi to hold talks with new French President      ED issues fresh summons to separatist leader Shabir Shah      The little-known of replica of Gateway of India!      Grand old man of Indian Politics, Karunanidhi turns 94 today      'CBI fear' driving officers away, Kejriwal may hire outsiders to run CMO      ISIS failed in India despite large Muslim population: Rajnath      Two jawans killed as militants attack Army convoy in J-K      No special arrangements for my visits, Adityanath tells officials      'Trump's climate claims on China, India false'      Dual Battle for India: Pakistan on field, controversy off it      Maneka Gandhi to be operated for gallstones in AIIMS      India squander lead; lose 1-2 to Belgium      CBI busts transfer racket at Army headquarters, arrests two      NIA raids in Kashmir, Delhi, Haryana over terror funding      Ceasefire violation in 2 sectors in Poonch, woman injured     Next Story Playing peekaboo with the past Read more >> You are here: Home » Supplements » Metrolife » 'We have a lot of characters off-field' 'We have a lot of characters off-field' Surupasree Sarmmah, DH News Service, Bengaluru, Jun 1 2017, 0:02 IST In conversation V V S Laxman, DH PHOTO. It was V V S Laxman’s consistent winning streak against Australia that earned him the title of ‘Very Very Special Laxman’. His score of 281 against Australia in the Test match at Eden Gardens in 2001, is considered as one of the greatest Test innings. Laxman was in the city on Wednesday joining hands with P&G Shiksha’s ‘Shiksha Superheroes’ movement, to educate and impact the lives of underprivileged children and support and build schools in Karnataka. He donned the avatar of a ‘Shiksha Superhero’ for the students of a P&G Shiksha school in the city. In a chat with Surupasree Sarmmah, Laxman talks about his life after cricket and more. How has life changed after cricket? I have really enjoyed my life as a cricketer since that was my passion. After retirement, I realised that my other passions included providing education to the underprivileged and quality cricket coaching to budding cricketers in Hyderabad. So it’s great that I am being able to pursue them and also spend time with my family. It’s been quite relaxing. What keeps you busy these days? I am working as a mentor for Sunrisers Hyderabad and as a batting consultant for the Cricket Association of Bengal. I run my own cricket academy in Hyderabad and have started a foundation that’s looking after underprivileged kids and their education. Your most memorable match... The Test match against Australia in 2001 in Kolkata is one of my most memorable matches. The situation we were in and how we bounced back and won the match and the series was quite a thrilling experience. A cricketer who is most entertaining in the dressing room... We have a lot of characters off-field like Harbhajan Singh, Zaheer Khan, Ashish Nehra, Yuvraj Singh and Virender Sehwag who lighten the atmosphere in the dressing room. We not only enjoyed playing on the field but also had a lot of fun off it. A young cricketer you admire... I have always been a big fan of Virat Kohli. I admire the way he has transformed himself in all aspects in the last three years. Virat is a role model as he keeps improving his game. If a biopic is made on you, which actor would you want in it? I am not sure (laughs). Many filmmakers have approached me from the Telugu and Hindi film industries for a biopic, but I was not very keen. I have actually never thought about it. Did you watch ‘Sachin: A Billion Dreams’? Yes, it is a brilliant movie and I got really emotional watching it. There were flashbacks of the good and the tough times we had together. He is an inspiration and the movie is just motivating many others to shine in life. Your thoughts on the present Indian team... It is fantastic. The way the team has handled the transition and made India the number one Test cricket-playing nation in the world is amazing. They have done really well in T20 and in the one-day format as well. I also believe that the Virat Kohli led team is formidable and I call them the ‘modern invincibles’. 2012 was your last year in international cricket. How would you sum up your career? The morning after I announced my retirement, I woke up feeling satisfied and content which is what matters. Email this page Print this page Tweet Go to Top Videos more Militants stage deadly terror attack in London BSF soldiers hail 'Men in Blue' by performing Bhangra Police chief confirms nine deaths - including three attackers in London attack Congress protests against Indo-Pak match, burns Pakistan flag Bhanwari Devi murder case: Accused Indira Bishnoi arrested Coast Guard rescues 31 personnel off sinking barge Thieves loot Rs. 4 lakh meant for marriage Police arrests 5, seizes Rs 1.15 crore demonetised currency Real Madrid win a record 12th European Cup with a 4-1 win over Juventus Surfing legend, wetsuit pioneer Jack O'Neill dies at 94 Most popular stories now Commented Emailed Viewed 1.IIT-M student attacked after participating in 'beef feast' 2.Rajasthan HC wants cow to be declared national animal 3.I am reading Upanishads, Gita to take on RSS, BJP: Rahul 4.Sooraj undergoes eye surgery, friends say protests planned 5.When the coast is compromised 1.Bikes used for wheelies could be junked, warn cops 2.Playing peekaboo with the past 3.Music and dance reviews 4.Saudi, Bahrain, Egypt, UAE cut ties with Qatar over terrorism 5.Airport train, beyond Metro 1. Airport train, beyond Metro 2. 7 killed, 48 injured as terror attacks strike heart of London 3. India outclass Pakistan 4. Are you on Twitter? US Journalist asks Modi, gets trolled on social media 5. 5-year-old girl in shock after brutal sex assault Photo Gallery Indian cricketers watch Pakistan's Shoaib Malik leave the field after he was dismissed by Ravindra . India's Ravindra Jadeja, celebrates the dismissal of Pakistan's Azhar Ali during the ICC Champions Teammates congratulate India's Ravindra Jadeja, third left, for taking a catch to dismiss Pakistan's Pakistan's Shadab Khan celebrates with captain Sarfraz Ahmed... Indian cricket captain Virat Kohli, left, and Rohit Sharma... India's Shikhar Dhawan, right, and Rohit Sharma... Pakistan's Wahab Riaz bowls during the ICC Champions Trophy... India captain Virat Kohli waits to lead his team... Police officers stand by a cordoned-off staircase in San Carlo Square in Turin, Italy... Priests and devotees offer prayers at Har ki Paidi... more Like us on Facebook About Us | News | Business | Sports | Supplements | Contact Us | Privacy Policy Copyright 2017, The Printers (Mysore) Private Ltd., 75, M.G Road, Post Box 5331, Bengaluru - 560001 Tel: +91 (80) 25880000 Fax No. +91 (80) 25880523 Powered by Yodasoft Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
Health Tips English News Hindi News Education Board Results Classifieds Radio City E-paper #Mumbai Rains #Champions Trophy #Priyanka Chopra #Mumbai Crime #Baywatch #Virat Kohli DOWNLOAD APP:| Photos Videos Mumbai News Sports Entertainment Menu All Sections News Mumbai News Crime News National News International News Hatke News BMC Election Sports IPL News Cricket News Football News Tennis News Local Sports News Motor Sports News Other Sports News Life & style Horoscope Food Health Travel Dr. Love Relationships Technology Environment Cars - Bikes People Culture Special Dear Diana Entertainment Bollywood News Hollywood News Television News Movie Reviews Regional Cinema Photos Videos Mumbai News Mumbai news Crime News National MORE IN NEWS Mumbai News Crime News National News International News Hatke News BMC Election TOP STORIES Pakistan woman guns down husband for sexually abusing daughter-in-law Miracle in Mumbai: Girl crossing tracks gets run over by train, survives ToPICs Mumbai news Mumbai crime Navi Mumbai headless torso Devendra Fadnavis BMC Narendra Modi SPORTS IPL News Cricket Football MORE IN SPORTS IPL News Cricket News Football News Tennis News Local Sports News Motor Sports News Other Sports News TOP STORIES Champions Trophy: India defeat Pakistan by 124 runs via D/L method India vs Pakistan: Virat Kohli has a 'good headache' to deal with ToPICs IPL News Virat Kohli MS Dhoni Virender Sehwag Manchester United Yuvraj Singh Life & style Horoscope Dr.Love Food MORE IN LIFESTYLE Horoscope Food Health Travel Dr. Love Relationships Technology Environment Cars - Bikes People Culture Special Dear Diana TOP STORIES These are the Mumbai peeps you should go to when you want something quirky Here's why chef Gaggan Anand is shutting down Asia's best restaurant ToPICs Mumbai food Health & Fitness Technology Travel Relationships Dr. Love Environment Entertainment Bollywood Television Hollywood MORE IN ENTERTAINMENT Bollywood News Hollywood News Television News Movie Reviews Regional Cinema TOP STORIES Bollywood's fittest moms reveal their secret to stay in shape Salman Khan was asked why he still lives in a flat. His response is a must-read ToPICs Karan Johar Akshay Kumar Shah Rukh Khan Salman Khan Amitabh Bachchan Aamir Khan Sports News Cricket News PrevNext V.V.S Laxman delighted to be part of P&G Shiksha programme By IANS | Posted 31-May-2017Now Available on the mid-day iOS App, Download Now Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ VVS Laxman Bengaluru: After joining hands with flagship corporate social responsibility programme P&G Shiksha here on Wednesday, former India batsman V.V.S. Laxman expressed his delight at witnessing a difference being brought to the lives of underprivileged children through the endeavour. Laxman said he felt nostalgic reminiscing about his school days while interacting with the P&G Shiksha School students. Now in its 13th year, P&G Shiksha continues to make critical infrastructure and learning interventions by building and supporting schools across the country thereby providing underprivileged children with access to education. P&G Shiksha started 'Shiksha Superheroes', a campaign to acknowledge consumers, the real-life superheroes who make a simple brand choice of buying P&G products and contribute to this noble cause impacting the lives of thousands of underprivileged children. "This is the first time I have associated with P&G Shiksha and I am delighted to witness the difference that this movement has made by building and supporting more than one thousand schools that will impact the lives of more than one million children across India. I feel strongly for this cause as Education has played a vital role in shaping my professional and personal life," the right-handed batsman said. "Today, with the P&G Shiksha School students here, I was nostalgic reminiscing my school days. It felt amazing to interact with these young kids who have a bright future ahead of them. "My role is that I am a Shiksha Superhero and have been making a difference over the years by choosing P&G products like Old Spice, Head & Shoulders, Gillette, Vicks, etc. and hence I am contributing towards the education of underprivileged children," he added. When asked about how one can contribute to the cause, the 42-year-old cricketer explained: "I realised today that it is very easy to be a Shiksha Superhero in real life and make a contribution. All you have to do is choose P&G products and become part of the P&G Shiksha movement that will enable you to contribute towards the education of underprivileged children. "Like me, I want to encourage the people of India to be 'Shiksha Superheroes' by making this simple choice. It is a simple act and a very small contribution from our end but has a large impact on the lives of these children," he said. Tags: CSR P&G Shiksha former India batsman V.V.S. Laxman underprivileged children cricket Shiksha Superhero Old Spice Head & Shoulders Gillette Vicks Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Previous StoryChampions Trophy preview: India and Australia are favourites despite off-field worriesNext Story Champions Trophy: Sunil Gavaskar questions timing of Virat Kohli-Anil Kumble rift reports Related Stories Government sanctions Rs 30 crores for 25 escalators on Central Railway National News | 05-Apr-2017 The Big CSR Flea is happening on 26th of February in Mumbai Culture News | 16-Feb-2017 E-toilets for Navi Mumbai: Plans flushed down the drain? National News | 19-Jul-2016 The woman who is wooing butterflies back to Mumbai Sunday Mid day News | 17-Jul-2016 Corporates can allot 2 pc of profits for hospital bills of needy: High Court National News | 14-Jan-2016 Maharashtra FM advises corporates to work in districts with low HDI National News | 09-Jan-2016 You May Like MORE FROM JAGRAN 0 Comments Leave a Reply Name * Email * Comment (You have 500 characters left) Enter the text as shown in the image * TrEnding Watch Video: Bollywood celebrities who got secretly married Bollywood News|04-Jun-2017 'Pardes Mein Hai Mera Dil' actor Arjun Bijlani hospitalised Television News|03-Jun-2017 'O Jejus!' These bizarre photos of Rakhi Sawant will make you cringe Bollywood News|03-Jun-2017 Jiah Khan's death anniversary: 28 celebs who died young Bollywood News|03-Jun-2017 When exes Shahid and Kareena were at the same place, same time Bollywood News|03-Jun-2017 Deepika Padukone looks hot flaunting her toned legs in high heels Bollywood News|03-Jun-2017 Mumbai: 20-year-old tortured till she miscarried baby girl National News|03-Jun-2017 Katrina reveals her feelings of reuniting with Salman after 5 years Bollywood News|03-Jun-2017 Rakhi Sawant in trouble again, non-bailable warrant issued in Valmiki case National News|02-Jun-2017 Sanath Jayasuriya's sex tape with ex Maleeka Sirisena leaked! Cricket News|02-Jun-2017 Trending Most ReaD Most Commented Pakistan woman guns down husband for sexually abusing daughter-in-law Crime News|59 minutes ago Next change: Hindustan Columnists News|1 hour Mumbai: Cop holds on to thief despite getting punched in the ear Crime News|1 hour Salman Khan: Failure in personal relationships is the loveliest thing ever Bollywood News|1 hour BSEB Result 2017: Bihar Board 12th Result on May 30, check biharboard.ac.in Board Exam Result News|29-May-2017 Babri Masjid demolition case: CBI court grants bail to L K Advani and 5 others National News|30-May-2017 CBSE 10th Result 2017: CBSE Results 2017 on June 3; check cbseresults.nic.in Board Exam Result News|02-Jun-2017 Special Air India flight ferries bodies of Uttarakhand bus crash victims to Indo National News|25-May-2017 Imagica accident: Injured mother-daughter duo in Mumbai hospital ICU National News|06-Feb-2014 CBSE cbse nic in Class 10th X Board Result 2014 to be declared today on www cbse nic in at 4 PM National News|20-May-2014 Online auto rickshaw permits: Results of 7 RTOs declared National News|26-Feb-2014 CBSE Results 2015: CBSE 10th Board (cbse.nic.in) X Class Results declared at 2 PM today, 28th May at cbseresults.nic.in Board Exam Result News|28-May-2015 2014 MHADA lottery: Flats in Virar will be ready only in Dec '15' National News|07-Feb-2014 See More Latest News   Home Mumbai News Entertainment Crime Sports Life & Style Photos Videos GET Updates from mid-day.com View Site Map Network: Hindi News | Gujrati News | Urdu NewsCopyright © 2017 Mid-Day Infomedia Ltd. All rights reserved. About Us | Advertise with us | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | Contact Us | Corporate Go to top
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News Others Laxman delighted to be part of P&G Shiksha programme Laxman delighted to be part of P&G Shiksha programme Source : Last Updated: Wed, May 31, 2017 17:40 hrs Bengaluru, May 31 (IANS) After joining hands with flagship corporate social responsibility programme P&G Shiksha here on Wednesday, former India batsman V.V.S. Laxman expressed his delight at witnessing a difference being brought to the lives of underprivileged children through the endeavour. Laxman said he felt nostalgic reminiscing about his school days while interacting with the P&G Shiksha School students. Now in its 13th year, P&G Shiksha continues to make critical infrastructure and learning interventions by building and supporting schools across the country thereby providing underprivileged children with access to education. P&G Shiksha started 'Shiksha Superheroes', a campaign to acknowledge consumers, the real-life superheroes who make a simple brand choice of buying P&G products and contribute to this noble cause impacting the lives of thousands of underprivileged children. "This is the first time I have associated with P&G Shiksha and I am delighted to witness the difference that this movement has made by building and supporting more than one thousand schools that will impact the lives of more than one million children across India. I feel strongly for this cause as Education has played a vital role in shaping my professional and personal life," the right-handed batsman said. "Today, with the P&G Shiksha School students here, I was nostalgic reminiscing my school days. It felt amazing to interact with these young kids who have a bright future ahead of them. "My role is that I am a Shiksha Superhero and have been making a difference over the years by choosing P&G products like Old Spice, Head & Shoulders, Gillette, Vicks, etc. and hence I am contributing towards the education of underprivileged children," he added. When asked about how one can contribute to the cause, the 42-year-old cricketer explained: "I realised today that it is very easy to be a Shiksha Superhero in real life and make a contribution. All you have to do is choose P&G products and become part of the P&G Shiksha movement that will enable you to contribute towards the education of underprivileged children. "Like me, I want to encourage the people of India to be 'Shiksha Superheroes' by making this simple choice. It is a simple act and a very small contribution from our end but has a large impact on the lives of these children," he said. --IANS gau/dg SEARCH More from Sify: talking point on sify news Latest Features Modi-fying bilateral relations: PM's four-nation Europe tour 'Mor' about law! Safety belt for doctors Trump weakened European Union, says Germany All is not okay in Ayodhya! About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #BSTech #GST #BSSpecial News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-IANS » Sports Kerala announces judicial probe into Vizhinjam port agreement, Chandy welcomes it Cisco, IBM join hands to tackle growing cyber threats Business Standard Laxman delighted to be part of P&G Shiksha programme IANS  |  Bengaluru  May 31, 2017 Last Updated at 17:30 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVqUJ7 ALSO READ Introducing MOX@Techzone will ensure ground level success for programs like Make in India, Digital India and Skill India: Ferguson India raises market stabilisation bond issuance limit, RBI says India gas demand growth stymied by slow infrastructure development India factory activity expands at a slightly faster pace in February Top leaders discuss India at 11th Hero Enterprise Mindmine Summit After joining hands with flagship corporate social responsibility programme P&G Shiksha here on Wednesday, former India batsman V.V.S. Laxman expressed his delight at witnessing a difference being brought to the lives of underprivileged children through the endeavour. Laxman said he felt nostalgic reminiscing about his school days while interacting with the P&G Shiksha School students. Now in its 13th year, P&G Shiksha continues to make critical infrastructure and learning interventions by building and supporting schools across the country thereby providing underprivileged children with access to education. P&G Shiksha started 'Shiksha Superheroes', a campaign to acknowledge consumers, the real-life superheroes who make a simple brand choice of buying P&G products and contribute to this noble cause impacting the lives of thousands of underprivileged children. "This is the first time I have associated with P&G Shiksha and I am delighted to witness the difference that this movement has made by building and supporting more than one thousand schools that will impact the lives of more than one million children across India. I feel strongly for this cause as Education has played a vital role in shaping my professional and personal life," the right-handed batsman said. "Today, with the P&G Shiksha School students here, I was nostalgic reminiscing my school days. It felt amazing to interact with these young kids who have a bright future ahead of them. "My role is that I am a Shiksha Superhero and have been making a difference over the years by choosing P&G products like Old Spice, Head & Shoulders, Gillette, Vicks, etc. and hence I am contributing towards the education of underprivileged children," he added. When asked about how one can contribute to the cause, the 42-year-old cricketer explained: "I realised today that it is very easy to be a Shiksha Superhero in real life and make a contribution. All you have to do is choose P&G products and become part of the P&G Shiksha movement that will enable you to contribute towards the education of underprivileged children. "Like me, I want to encourage the people of India to be 'Shiksha Superheroes' by making this simple choice. It is a simple act and a very small contribution from our end but has a large impact on the lives of these children," he said. --IANS gau/dg (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On India | News-ians | Sports PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Laxman delighted to be part of P&G Shiksha programme After joining hands with flagship corporate social responsibility programme P&G Shiksha here on Wednesday, former India batsman V.V.S. Laxman expressed his delight at witnessing a difference being brought to the lives of underprivileged children through the endeavour. After joining hands with flagship corporate social responsibility programme P&G Shiksha here on Wednesday, former India batsman V.V.S. Laxman expressed his delight at witnessing a difference being brought to the lives of underprivileged children through the endeavour. Laxman said he felt nostalgic reminiscing about his school days while interacting with the P&G Shiksha School students. Now in its 13th year, P&G Shiksha continues to make critical infrastructure and learning interventions by building and supporting schools across the country thereby providing underprivileged children with access to education. P&G Shiksha started 'Shiksha Superheroes', a campaign to acknowledge consumers, the real-life superheroes who make a simple brand choice of buying P&G products and contribute to this noble cause impacting the lives of thousands of underprivileged children. "This is the first time I have associated with P&G Shiksha and I am delighted to witness the difference that this movement has made by building and supporting more than one thousand schools that will impact the lives of more than one million children across India. I feel strongly for this cause as Education has played a vital role in shaping my professional and personal life," the right-handed batsman said. "Today, with the P&G Shiksha School students here, I was nostalgic reminiscing my school days. It felt amazing to interact with these young kids who have a bright future ahead of them. "My role is that I am a Shiksha Superhero and have been making a difference over the years by choosing P&G products like Old Spice, Head & Shoulders, Gillette, Vicks, etc. and hence I am contributing towards the education of underprivileged children," he added. When asked about how one can contribute to the cause, the 42-year-old cricketer explained: "I realised today that it is very easy to be a Shiksha Superhero in real life and make a contribution. All you have to do is choose P&G products and become part of the P&G Shiksha movement that will enable you to contribute towards the education of underprivileged children. "Like me, I want to encourage the people of India to be 'Shiksha Superheroes' by making this simple choice. It is a simple act and a very small contribution from our end but has a large impact on the lives of these children," he said. --IANS gau/dg (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Laxman delighted to be part of P&G Shiksha programme After joining hands with flagship corporate social responsibility programme P&G Shiksha here on Wednesday, former India batsman V.V.S. Laxman expressed his delight at witnessing a difference being brought to the lives of underprivileged children through the endeavour. Laxman said he felt nostalgic reminiscing about his school days while interacting with the P&G Shiksha School students. Now in its 13th year, P&G Shiksha continues to make critical infrastructure and learning interventions by building and supporting schools across the country thereby providing underprivileged children with access to education. P&G Shiksha started 'Shiksha Superheroes', a campaign to acknowledge consumers, the real-life superheroes who make a simple brand choice of buying P&G products and contribute to this noble cause impacting the lives of thousands of underprivileged children. "This is the first time I have associated with P&G Shiksha and I am delighted to witness the difference that this movement has made by building and supporting more than one thousand schools that will impact the lives of more than one million children across India. I feel strongly for this cause as Education has played a vital role in shaping my professional and personal life," the right-handed batsman said. "Today, with the P&G Shiksha School students here, I was nostalgic reminiscing my school days. It felt amazing to interact with these young kids who have a bright future ahead of them. "My role is that I am a Shiksha Superhero and have been making a difference over the years by choosing P&G products like Old Spice, Head & Shoulders, Gillette, Vicks, etc. and hence I am contributing towards the education of underprivileged children," he added. When asked about how one can contribute to the cause, the 42-year-old cricketer explained: "I realised today that it is very easy to be a Shiksha Superhero in real life and make a contribution. All you have to do is choose P&G products and become part of the P&G Shiksha movement that will enable you to contribute towards the education of underprivileged children. "Like me, I want to encourage the people of India to be 'Shiksha Superheroes' by making this simple choice. It is a simple act and a very small contribution from our end but has a large impact on the lives of these children," he said. --IANS gau/dg (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Latest Research Report on Global Tissue Market Professional Survey 2017 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 05/31/2017 — This report studies Tissue in Global market, especially in North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan and India, with production, revenue, consumption, import and export in these regions, from 2012 to 2016, and forecast to 2022. This report focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Procter & Gamble (P&G) SCA Georgia Pacific Kimberly-Clark Cascades Kruger Mets? Tissue Heng An WEPA Asaleo Care C&S Paper Essendant Inc(Boardwalk) Oasis Brands Seventh Generation To Get Sample Copy of Report visit @ http://www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=S&repid=1073402 By types, the market can be split into Facial Paper Paper Towel Paper Napkin Bathroom Tissue By Application, the market can be split into At Home Away From Home (AFH) By Regions, this report covers (we can add the regions/countries as you want) North America China Europe Southeast Asia Japan India Table of Contents Global Tissue Market Professional Survey Report 2017 1 Industry Overview of Tissue1.1 Definition and Specifications of Tissue 1.1.1 Definition of Tissue 1.1.2 Specifications of Tissue 1.2 Classification of Tissue 1.2.1 Facial Paper 1.2.2 Paper Towel 1.2.3 Paper Napkin 1.2.4 Bathroom Tissue 1.3 Applications of Tissue 1.3.1 At Home 1.3.2 Away From Home (AFH) 1.3.3 Application 3 1.4 Market Segment by Regions 1.4.1 North America 1.4.2 China 1.4.3 Europe 1.4.4 Southeast Asia 1.4.5 Japan 1.4.6 India 2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Tissue 2.1 Raw Material and Suppliers 2.2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Tissue 2.3 Manufacturing Process Analysis of Tissue 2.4 Industry Chain Structure of Tissue 3 Technical Data and Manufacturing Plants Analysis of Tissue 3.1 Capacity and Commercial Production Date of Global Tissue Major Manufacturers in 2016 3.2 Manufacturing Plants Distribution of Global Tissue Major Manufacturers in 2016 3.3 R&D Status and Technology Source of Global Tissue Major Manufacturers in 2016 3.4 Raw Materials Sources Analysis of Global Tissue Major Manufacturers in 2016 4 Global Tissue Overall Market Overview 4.1 2012-2017E Overall Market Analysis 4.2 Capacity Analysis 4.2.1 2012-2017E Global Tissue Capacity and Growth Rate Analysis 4.2.2 2016 Tissue Capacity Analysis (Company Segment) 4.3 Sales Analysis 4.3.1 2012-2017E Global Tissue Sales and Growth Rate Analysis 4.3.2 2016 Tissue Sales Analysis (Company Segment) 4.4 Sales Price Analysis 4.4.1 2012-2017E Global Tissue Sales Price 4.4.2 2016 Tissue Sales Price Analysis (Company Segment) 5 Tissue Regional Market Analysis 5.1 North America Tissue Market Analysis 5.1.1 North America Tissue Market Overview 5.1.2 North America 2012-2017E Tissue Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.1.3 North America 2012-2017E Tissue Sales Price Analysis 5.1.4 North America 2016 Tissue Market Share Analysis 5.2 China Tissue Market Analysis 5.2.1 China Tissue Market Overview 5.2.2 China 2012-2017E Tissue Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.2.3 China 2012-2017E Tissue Sales Price Analysis 5.2.4 China 2016 Tissue Market Share Analysis 5.3 Europe Tissue Market Analysis 5.3.1 Europe Tissue Market Overview 5.3.2 Europe 2012-2017E Tissue Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.3.3 Europe 2012-2017E Tissue Sales Price Analysis 5.3.4 Europe 2016 Tissue Market Share Analysis 5.4 Southeast Asia Tissue Market Analysis 5.4.1 Southeast Asia Tissue Market Overview 5.4.2 Southeast Asia 2012-2017E Tissue Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.4.3 Southeast Asia 2012-2017E Tissue Sales Price Analysis 5.4.4 Southeast Asia 2016 Tissue Market Share Analysis 5.5 Japan Tissue Market Analysis 5.5.1 Japan Tissue Market Overview 5.5.2 Japan 2012-2017E Tissue Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.5.3 Japan 2012-2017E Tissue Sales Price Analysis 5.5.4 Japan 2016 Tissue Market Share Analysis 5.6 India Tissue Market Analysis 5.6.1 India Tissue Market Overview 5.6.2 India 2012-2017E Tissue Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.6.3 India 2012-2017E Tissue Sales Price Analysis 5.6.4 India 2016 Tissue Market Share Analysis 6 Global 2012-2017E Tissue Segment Market Analysis (by Type) 6.1 Global 2012-2017E Tissue Sales by Type 6.2 Different Types of Tissue Product Interview Price Analysis 6.3 Different Types of Tissue Product Driving Factors Analysis 6.3.1 Facial Paper of Tissue Growth Driving Factor Analysis 6.3.2 Paper Towel of Tissue Growth Driving Factor Analysis 6.3.3 Paper Napkin of Tissue Growth Driving Factor Analysis 6.3.4 Bathroom Tissue of Tissue Growth Driving Factor Analysis Make an Enquiry of this report @ http://www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=E&repid=1073402 CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Ecoflor Is Providing the Highest Quality Commercial Flooring in the UK Next PostNext Global IoT Protocol Industry Market Drivers and Challenges Report 2021 Search Recent Posts Governor Cuomo Announces I Love New York, Israel Ministry of Tourism and El Al Israel Airlines Global Path Through History Partnership Governor Cuomo Announces I Love New York, Israel Ministry of Tourism and El Al Israel Airlines Global Path Through History Partnership Archibald takes CiCLE Classic crown in dramatic Melton Mowbray finale London Attacks: Statement by European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker High Representative/Vice-President Federica Mogherini meets with Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Latest Research Report on Global Tissue Market Professional Survey 2017 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 05/31/2017 — This report studies Tissue in Global market, especially in North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan and India, with production, revenue, consumption, import and export in these regions, from 2012 to 2016, and forecast to 2022. This report focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Procter & Gamble (P&G) SCA Georgia Pacific Kimberly-Clark Cascades Kruger Mets? Tissue Heng An WEPA Asaleo Care C&S Paper Essendant Inc(Boardwalk) Oasis Brands Seventh Generation To Get Sample Copy of Report visit @ http://www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=S&repid=1073402 By types, the market can be split into Facial Paper Paper Towel Paper Napkin Bathroom Tissue By Application, the market can be split into At Home Away From Home (AFH) By Regions, this report covers (we can add the regions/countries as you want) North America China Europe Southeast Asia Japan India Table of Contents Global Tissue Market Professional Survey Report 2017 1 Industry Overview of Tissue1.1 Definition and Specifications of Tissue 1.1.1 Definition of Tissue 1.1.2 Specifications of Tissue 1.2 Classification of Tissue 1.2.1 Facial Paper 1.2.2 Paper Towel 1.2.3 Paper Napkin 1.2.4 Bathroom Tissue 1.3 Applications of Tissue 1.3.1 At Home 1.3.2 Away From Home (AFH) 1.3.3 Application 3 1.4 Market Segment by Regions 1.4.1 North America 1.4.2 China 1.4.3 Europe 1.4.4 Southeast Asia 1.4.5 Japan 1.4.6 India 2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Tissue 2.1 Raw Material and Suppliers 2.2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Tissue 2.3 Manufacturing Process Analysis of Tissue 2.4 Industry Chain Structure of Tissue 3 Technical Data and Manufacturing Plants Analysis of Tissue 3.1 Capacity and Commercial Production Date of Global Tissue Major Manufacturers in 2016 3.2 Manufacturing Plants Distribution of Global Tissue Major Manufacturers in 2016 3.3 R&D Status and Technology Source of Global Tissue Major Manufacturers in 2016 3.4 Raw Materials Sources Analysis of Global Tissue Major Manufacturers in 2016 4 Global Tissue Overall Market Overview 4.1 2012-2017E Overall Market Analysis 4.2 Capacity Analysis 4.2.1 2012-2017E Global Tissue Capacity and Growth Rate Analysis 4.2.2 2016 Tissue Capacity Analysis (Company Segment) 4.3 Sales Analysis 4.3.1 2012-2017E Global Tissue Sales and Growth Rate Analysis 4.3.2 2016 Tissue Sales Analysis (Company Segment) 4.4 Sales Price Analysis 4.4.1 2012-2017E Global Tissue Sales Price 4.4.2 2016 Tissue Sales Price Analysis (Company Segment) 5 Tissue Regional Market Analysis 5.1 North America Tissue Market Analysis 5.1.1 North America Tissue Market Overview 5.1.2 North America 2012-2017E Tissue Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.1.3 North America 2012-2017E Tissue Sales Price Analysis 5.1.4 North America 2016 Tissue Market Share Analysis 5.2 China Tissue Market Analysis 5.2.1 China Tissue Market Overview 5.2.2 China 2012-2017E Tissue Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.2.3 China 2012-2017E Tissue Sales Price Analysis 5.2.4 China 2016 Tissue Market Share Analysis 5.3 Europe Tissue Market Analysis 5.3.1 Europe Tissue Market Overview 5.3.2 Europe 2012-2017E Tissue Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.3.3 Europe 2012-2017E Tissue Sales Price Analysis 5.3.4 Europe 2016 Tissue Market Share Analysis 5.4 Southeast Asia Tissue Market Analysis 5.4.1 Southeast Asia Tissue Market Overview 5.4.2 Southeast Asia 2012-2017E Tissue Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.4.3 Southeast Asia 2012-2017E Tissue Sales Price Analysis 5.4.4 Southeast Asia 2016 Tissue Market Share Analysis 5.5 Japan Tissue Market Analysis 5.5.1 Japan Tissue Market Overview 5.5.2 Japan 2012-2017E Tissue Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.5.3 Japan 2012-2017E Tissue Sales Price Analysis 5.5.4 Japan 2016 Tissue Market Share Analysis 5.6 India Tissue Market Analysis 5.6.1 India Tissue Market Overview 5.6.2 India 2012-2017E Tissue Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.6.3 India 2012-2017E Tissue Sales Price Analysis 5.6.4 India 2016 Tissue Market Share Analysis 6 Global 2012-2017E Tissue Segment Market Analysis (by Type) 6.1 Global 2012-2017E Tissue Sales by Type 6.2 Different Types of Tissue Product Interview Price Analysis 6.3 Different Types of Tissue Product Driving Factors Analysis 6.3.1 Facial Paper of Tissue Growth Driving Factor Analysis 6.3.2 Paper Towel of Tissue Growth Driving Factor Analysis 6.3.3 Paper Napkin of Tissue Growth Driving Factor Analysis 6.3.4 Bathroom Tissue of Tissue Growth Driving Factor Analysis Make an Enquiry of this report @ http://www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=E&repid=1073402 CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Danmarks Skibskredit A/S, Endelige obligationsvilkår Next PostNext Beer Market – Global Trend, Growth Forecast & Industry Outlook Analysis Report 2014-2021 Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Procter and Gamble Austria GmbH in Beauty and Personal Care (Austria) Market:Demand,Forecast,Size Summary This report helps to analyze competitive developments such as joint ventures, strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, new product developments, and research and developments in the Procter and Gamble Austria GmbH in Beauty and Personal Care (Austria) Market Description Procter & Gamble Austria follows the corporate and marketing strategies of its parent company, such as focusing on the categories that provide it with the best market opportunities. Local Company Profiles are a concise set of briefings detailing the strategic direction taken by a company. Discover key contact details, the company background and their competitive positioning through this collection of snapshot company profiles. Get a PDF Sample of Report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/296608  . Product coverage: Baby and Child-specific Products, Bath and Shower, Colour Cosmetics, Deodorants, Depilatories, Fragrances, Hair Care, Mass Beauty and Personal Care, Men’s Grooming, Oral Care, Oral Care Excl Power Toothbrushes, Premium Beauty and Personal Care, Sets/Kits, Skin Care, Sun Care. Data coverage: market sizes (historic and forecasts), company shares, brand shares and distribution data. Why buy this report? Get a detailed picture of the Beauty and Personal Care market; Pinpoint growth sectors and identify factors driving change; Understand the competitive environment, the market’s major players and leading brands; Use five-year forecasts to assess how the market is predicted to develop. Companies Mentioned: Procter & Gamble Austria GmbH Got any Query? Feel free to ask us at : http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/enquiry-before-buying/296608 . About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsBusiness Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Calcium Sulfate Based Floor Panel Market Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2022, Business Opportunities & Future Investments Next PostNext Honma Golf Announces FY2017 Annual Results; Net Profit Rose by 38.9% Hitting JPY5.0 Billion Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Corporate Social Responsibility Related News Releases and Story Ideas for Reporters, Bloggers and Media Outlets Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Corporate Social Responsibility Editors June 01, 2017 07:08 AM Eastern Daylight Time NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Following are the latest Corporate Social Responsibility news releases and story ideas available from Business Wire. These recaps, curated by Business Wire, provide reporters and bloggers around the globe instant access to the latest news releases, providing relevant and trending content to share with their audiences. Discover more news via Business Wire’s Hot Topic recaps or create a custom news feed specific to your needs here. This service is provided at no charge to members of the media and financial communities. RADNOR, Pa. -- Lincoln Financial Group's Commitment to the Arts Recognized Nationally by Americans for the Arts Source: Lincoln Financial Group CHICAGO -- America’s Charity Checkout Champions Raise over $441 Million for Good Causes Source: Engage For Good BOISE, Idaho -- Jitasa Offers Social Sector’s First Accounting Services and Technology Bundle Source: Jitasa NEW YORK -- Moody’s Corporation Releases 2016 Corporate Social Responsibility Report Source: Moody’s Corporation Investor Relations MINNEAPOLIS -- Xcel Energy Reduces Carbon Emissions 30 Percent Source: Xcel Energy CINCINNATI -- Tampax® Donates One Million Tampons to Girls and Women in Need Across the Nation in 30 Days Source: Procter & Gamble SALISBURY, N.C. -- Food Lion Announces 10 Percent MVP Discount for Active and Retired Military Personnel on Memorial Day Source: Food Lion CYPRESS, Calif. -- UnitedHealthcare Employees Honor Veterans by Placing More Than 1,800 Flags in Front of Orange County Offices Source: UnitedHealthcare JENKS, Okla. -- Gateway Mortgage Group Partners with Folds of Honor Source: Gateway Mortgage Group SAN FRANCISCO -- Habitat for Humanity and Wells Fargo Team Up With Veterans to Improve 100 Homes Source: Wells Fargo & Company TAMPA, Fla. -- Team Red, White & Blue kicks off 2nd Annual Eagle Charge Race Source: Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. NEW ORLEANS -- Travelers Institute Holds Annual “Kicking Off Hurricane Preparedness Season” Event in New Orleans Source: The Travelers Companies, Inc. DALLAS -- Securus Partners with Goodwill Industries of Dallas for its Call Center Agents Source: Securus Technologies, Inc. AUSTIN, Texas -- ExxonMobil Commemorates UTeach 20th Anniversary with Grant to Support Classroom Projects Source: Exxon Mobil Corporation LUXEMBOURG -- CONQUEST Acquires 6 Solar Parks in France from Solairedirect Source: CONQUEST BENTONVILLE, Ark. -- Walmart Expands Military Leave of Absence Policy for its Associates, Removing Barriers to Service Source: Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. DETROIT -- American Forest Foundation, International Paper, Procter & Gamble and 3M Announce Carolinas Working Forest Conservation Collaborative Source: American Forest Foundation and Procter & Gamble and 3M and International Paper ISELIN, N.J. -- UnitedHealthcare Awards $30,000 Grant to Fanwood-Scotch Plains YMCA to Encourage Children’s Physical Activity and Exercise Source: UnitedHealthcare DETROIT -- Detroit Lion Marvin Jones Jr. and UnitedHealthcare Renovate Gymnasium at J.E. Clark Preparatory Academy Source: UnitedHealthcare HONG KONG -- AsiaInspection Has Acquired GOAL, the Mexican Leader in Pre-Customs Clearance Inspections Source: AsiaInspection Follow the CSR Circuit newsfeed on www.twitter.com/BWCSRNews About Business Wire: Business Wire, a Berkshire Hathaway company, is the global leader in press release distribution and regulatory disclosure. Investor relations, public relations, public policy and marketing professionals rely on Business Wire to accurately distribute market-moving news and multimedia, host online newsrooms and IR websites, build content marketing platforms, generate social engagements and provide audience analysis that improves interaction with specified target markets. Founded in 1961, Business Wire is a trusted source for news organizations, journalists, investment professionals and regulatory authorities, delivering news directly into editorial systems and leading online news sources via its multi-patented simultaneous NX Network. Business Wire has 29 offices worldwide to securely meet the varying needs of communications professionals and news consumers. In 2015, Business Wire teamed up with Al Roker Entertainment to create BizWireTV, a bi-weekly digital video news program that features the top trending news releases that cross the wire. Learn more at services.BusinessWire.com and Tempo, the Business Wire resource for industry trends; follow updates on Twitter: @businesswire or on Facebook. Click here to subscribe to Mobile Alerts for Business Wire Corporate Social Responsibility. Contacts Business Wire Matt VanTassel, 212-752-9600 Release Summary Recap of CSR stories on Business Wire #Hashtags #CSR Social Media Profiles Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Pinterest Contacts Business Wire Matt VanTassel, 212-752-9600 Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     Feminine Protection Market Analysis: Size, share, Growth, Industry Demand and Forecasts Analysis to 2021 - MarketReportsOnline   View as PDF  Print View    Latest report on Feminine Protection Industry of 82 pages now added by a leading business intelligence provider to MarketReportsOnline.com database. Pune, India - June 1, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ -- The report entitled "Global Feminine Protection (Sanitary Pads, Tampons & Pantyliner) Market: Size, Trends & Forecasts (2017-2021)", provides analysis of the global feminine protection market, with detailed analysis of market size and growth, and segmentation of the industry. The analysis includes the market by value and by region. The report also provides the analysis of the global feminine protection market of the US, Western Europe, Eastern Europe, China and Latin America regions. Complete report on Feminine Protection market spread across 82 pages with providing 4 company profiles, 1 table and 45 figures is now available at http://www.marketreportsonline.com/594821.html. Country Coverage: The US, Western Europe, Eastern Europe, China & Latin America Company Coverage of Feminine Protection Market: Procter & Gamble (P&G), Edgewell Personal Care Co., Unicharm Corporation & Kimberly-Clark Corporation Moreover, the report also assesses the key opportunities in the market and outlines the factors that are and will be driving the growth of the industry. Growth of the overall global feminine protection market has also been forecasted for the years 2017-2021, taking into consideration the previous growth patterns, the growth drivers and the current and future trends. Procter & Gamble (P&G), Edgewell Personal Care Co., Unicharm Corporation and Kimberly-Clark Corporation are some of the key players operating in the global feminine protection market, whose company profiling has been done in the report. In this segment of the report, business overview, financial overview and business strategies of the companies are provided Inquire for a discount on this Global Feminine Protection Market report at http://www.marketreportsonline.com/contacts/discount.php?name=594821. Feminine hygiene considered some special areas for personal hygiene. Maintaining appropriate hygiene for intimate area is one of the significant factors in female reproductive health, sexual health and quality of life. Feminine hygiene can further be categorized into: Feminine Protection and Intimate Care. The global feminine protection market is expected to increase at high growth rates during the forecasted period (2017-2021). The global feminine protection market is supported by various growth drivers, such as increasing global female population, increasing disposable income, increase in urban population, growth in e-commerce, etc. Feminine protection includes hygiene absorbent products which are engineered to absorb and retain menstrual blood or others emanating from vagina without causing any leakage. The feminine protection segment can be classified into three major categories - sanitary pads, tampons and Pantyliner. The intimate care is separate from the regular hygiene routine, that include the proper cleaning of intimate area without upsetting the pH balance and therefore help to avoid vaginal infections such as bacterial vaginosis (BV). The major types of intimate care products are: douches, intimate wash and sprays, and feminine wipes. Order a copy of this "Global Feminine Protection (Sanitary Pads, Tampons & Pantyliner) Market: Size, Trends and Forecasts (2017-2021)" research report at USD 1200 (Single User License) http://www.marketreportsonline.com/contacts/purchase.php?name=594821. Major Points from Table of Contents: 1. Executive Summary 2. Introduction 2.1 Feminine Hygiene: An Overview 2.2 Feminine Protection: An Overview 2.3 Intimate Care: An Overview 2.4 Advantages & Disadvantages Of Feminine Protection Products 3. Global Market Analysis 3.1 Global Feminine Protection Market: An Analysis 3.2 Global Feminine Protection Market: Product Analysis 4. Regional Market Analysis 4.1 The US Feminine Protection Market: An Analysis 4.2 Europe Feminine Protection Market: An Analysis 4.3 China Feminine Protection Market: An Analysis 4.4 Latin America Feminine Protection Market: An Analysis 5. Market Dynamics 5.1 Growth Drivers 5.2 Challenges 5.3 Market Trends 6. Competitive Landscape 6.1 Global Feminine Protection Market by Retail Brand Penetration 6.2 Western Europe Feminine Protection Market by Players 6.3 Eastern Europe Feminine Protection Market by Players 6.4 China Feminine Protection Market Share by Players 6.5 China Feminine Protection Market Players by Product Segments 7. Company Profiles Explore other newly published reports by Daedal Research at http://www.marketreportsonline.com/publisher/daedal-research-market-research.html. Contact Info: Name: Ritesh Tiwari Email: sales@marketreportsonline.com Organization: MarketReportsOnline Phone: + 1 888 391 5441 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/feminine-protection-market-analysis-size-share-growth-industry-demand-and-forecasts-analysis-to-2021-marketreportsonline/204116 For more information, please visit http://www.marketreportsonline.com/contacts/discount.php?name=594821 Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 204116 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Agarwood Essential Oil Market Expected to Grow at CAGR 4.2% During 2016 to 2022 (Fri 2nd Jun 17) Cyber Weapon Market by Type, Product, Application, Region, Outlook and Forecast to 2022 (Fri 2nd Jun 17) Landscaping and Gardening Expert Trevor McClintock Launches New Locally Optimized Website (Fri 2nd Jun 17) Sleep apnea devices Market is Evolving At A CAGR of 7.5% by 2022 (Fri 2nd Jun 17) Agriculture Technology Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast to 2022 (Fri 2nd Jun 17) Global VR Helmet Market by Manufacturers, Technology, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022 (Fri 2nd Jun 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
Главное Россия Мир Бывший СССР Финансы Бизнес Силовые структуры Наука и техника Культура Спорт Интернет и СМИ Ценности Путешествия Из жизни Мотор Дом Статьи Галереи Видео Мнения Спецпроекты Бизнес   Все Компании Мировой бизнес Деловой климат Финансы компаний Автобизнес   Архив 10:52, 1 июня 2017 P&G заявила об инвестировании 5 миллиардов рублей в завод в Тульской области Перейти в «Мою Ленту» Фото: Al Behrman / AP Компания Procter & Gamble (P&G) приняла решение об инвестировании 5 миллиардов рублей в развитие собственного завода в Новомосковске Тульской области. Данное решение было зафиксировано в соглашении, подписанном 1 июня, в рамках Петербургского международного экономического форума (ПМЭФ-2017) между компанией и губернатором региона Алексеем Дюминым. Об этом говорится в пресс-релизе, поступившем в редакцию «Ленты.ру». В сообщении отмечается, что инвестиции пойдут на модернизацию и увеличение объемов российского производства продукции P&G в Новомосковске, создание новых рабочих мест и расширение сотрудничества с местными поставщиками. В рамках модернизации завода компания вложит средства в развитие новых экологически чистых технологий, применение которых позволит сделать производство полностью безотходным в течение двух лет. Как отмечают в компании, с 2010 года завод в Новомосковске сократил потребление электроэнергии и воды, а также выбросы в атмосферу на 20 процентов. Кроме того, на производстве завод использует около 80 процентов вторичной бумаги для производства упаковки для стиральных порошков. Реализация объявленной инвестиционной программы рассчитана на ближайшие два года для наращивания локализации производства в трех крупнейших категориях: средства по уходу за домом, средства по уходу за тканями и средства по уходу за детьми. В 2016 году P&G инвестировала один миллиард рублей в развитие производственного центра бренда Gillette в Санкт-Петербурге. Перейти в «Мою Ленту»Обсудить Ссылки по теме Новым главой Ralph Lauren стал топ-менеджер Procter & Gamblelenta.ru, 18 мая 2017 АНКОР и Randstad назовут самых привлекательных работодателей Россииlenta.ru, 23 марта 2017 Бренд Braun показал 20-метровую инсталляциюlenta.ru, 01 декабря 2016 Последние новости 07:15Арабские страны обвинили Катар в поддержке «Аль-Каиды» и ИГ 07:51КНДР на учениях отработала нанесение ударов с воздуха по авианосцам США 07:05Спасающего пиво во время теракта британца назвали символом бесстрашия 07:03Представлены результаты поисков электромагнитных сигналов слияния черных дыр 05:31Сечин назвал цель антироссийских санкций 04:25Президент России посоветовал США перейти к прямым выборам 03:29Путин опроверг информацию о «каналах связи» между командой Трампа и Кремлем Другие материалы рубрики Бизнес07:06 — Сегодня Налог на катастрофу О новых поборах для бизнеса 19:02 — 31 мая «Нафтогаз» заявил об отмене судом условия take or pay в контракте с «Газпромом» 05:31 — Сегодня Сечин назвал цель антироссийских санкций 17:48 — 1 июня «МегаФон» и Huawei установили рекорд скорости мобильного интернет-соединения Бизнес06:03 — 31 мая Билборд на ягодице Реклама на человеческом теле набирает популярность 16:43 — 3 июня Арктический танкер-газовоз получил имя погибшего главы Total 15:32 — 3 июня Советник Путина рассказал о модном в США русском акценте 16:14 — 31 мая В Плодоовощном союзе оценили последствия возвращения в Россию турецкой продукции Бизнес18:23 — 30 мая Сладкая жизнь Как власти Москвы помогают городской пищевой промышленности 21:30 — 2 июня Японский автоконцерн намерен построить завод в Московской области 13:24 — 31 мая Строители Крымского моста начали сооружение фарватерных опор 14:27 — 3 июня Американский бизнес стал лидером по численному представительству на ПМЭФ Россия «Этих врачей нельзя допускать к пациентам» Почему выпускники российских медвузов не умеют лечить больных «Мои стринги на политическом ринге» Как партии зазывают молодежь и чем это заканчивается «Это смотрится жутко на самом деле» Судмедэксперт о своей профессии, здоровом цинизме и мумиях в квартирах Путин опроверг информацию о «каналах связи» между командой Трампа и Кремлем Президент России посоветовал США перейти к прямым выборам А теперь тут лужайка Как на месте захоронить использованный ядерный реактор Путин прокомментировал обвинения о «вмешательстве» России в выборы в США Все материалы Мир Слоны идут на север О чем договорились Нарендра Моди и Владимир Путин в Санкт-Петербурге Тимофей Бордачев: Страшный общий дом Европе придется выбирать между «израилизацией» и сохранением привычных свобод Цена двух градусов США вышли из Парижской сделки по климату: что это значит? Ряд арабских стран разорвал отношения с Катаром Арабские страны обвинили Катар в поддержке «Аль-Каиды» и ИГ Названа дата выборов в Конституционную ассамблею Венесуэлы ИГ взяло на себя ответственность за нападение в Лондоне Все материалы Бывший СССР Плач Ярославны Как на Украине решили перекроить древнерусскую историю Лагерный бардак Почему в Латвии спорят о количестве жертв в нацистском концлагере Саласпилс «Украинские журналисты упали ниже дна» Как блогер Анатолий Шарий уволил министра информации Украины Украинский губернатор похвастался налаженным во всем Донбассе радиовещанием Политолог рассказал о самом слабом месте Порошенко Украинские пограничники задержали разыскиваемого Интерполом россиянина Ушаков заявил о победе своей партии на выборах в думу Риги Все материалы Финансы Семь фунтов под килем Как устроена экономика «Пиратов Карибского моря». Часть вторая Максим Кононенко: Цифровой образ будушего О новой национальной идее Вписаться в революцию Как участники ПМЭФ искали место России в глобальной экономике Голикова поведала о парадоксе госкорпораций В Киеве сообщили о поддержке МВФ и Всемирным банком проекта пенсионной реформы «Пенсия — это продолжение зарплаты» НА ПМЭФ-2017 обсудили вопрос достойного пенсионного обеспечения россиян Россия выпустит еврооблигации на три миллиарда долларов Все материалы Бизнес Налог на катастрофу О новых поборах для бизнеса «Первые онлайн-торги на рыбоводные участки пройдут в августе» Гендиректор ФРДВ Алексей Чекунков о развитии аквакультуры на Дальнем Востоке Хозяева неба Знаменитые пассажирские лайнеры, созданные в СССР Сечин назвал цель антироссийских санкций Арктический танкер-газовоз получил имя погибшего главы Total Советник Путина рассказал о модном в США русском акценте «Форум удался» Президент Торгово-промышленной палаты об итогам Петербургского форума Все материалы Силовые структуры Девять жизней За что дачник жестоко расправился с соседями в поселке под Тверью «Останки несовершеннолетних находят каждый год» Монолог волонтера о похищениях и принуждении детей к попрошайничеству в России «Я приходил к силовикам и вызывал их стрелков на дуэль» Как гражданские стали учить стрелять полицию и военных КНДР на учениях отработала нанесение ударов с воздуха по авианосцам США Установлены личности всех убитых тверским стрелком В МВД сообщили об отсутствии опыта военной службы у тверского стрелка СК возбудил уголовное дело в отношении вице-губернатора Владимирской области Все материалы Наука и техника Смерть всем человекам Почему беспилотные автомобили сбивают велосипедистов и попадают в аварии Поматросил и бросил Засекреченная операционная система от Google заменит Android На лицо ужасные Раскрыта сущность привидений и призраков Источником «инопланетных» сигналов назвали космические струны Представлены результаты поисков электромагнитных сигналов слияния черных дыр Первый космический корабль «Федерация» запустят с Байконура в 2022 году Запуск тяжелой ракеты «Ангара А5М» наметили на 2021 год Все материалы Спорт Алоха, чемпион Как гаваец Холлоуэй нокаутировал бразильца Альдо на UFC 212 Время первых Голы Аленичева, Зидана и другие ярчайшие моменты финалов Лиги чемпионов Королевский дубль «Реал» победил «Ювентус» и второй раз подряд выиграл Лигу чемпионов «Ювентус» впервые в истории заработал более 100 миллионов евро в Лиге чемпионов Полузащитник «Ростова» Нобоа перешел в «Зенит» Защитник сборной России нашел способ противостоять Роналду «Ролан Гаррос» покинули все побеждавшие в турнирах «Большого шлема» теннисистки Все материалы Культура Стакан наполовину Пруст Что скрывается на дне сосудов Джорджо Моранди Ленин-велосипедист и Башмет-альтист Главные события книжного фестиваля на Красной площади «Сволочь! Подонок!» Евгений Бунимович о школьных уроках литературы Умер балетмейстер Мариинки Сергей Вихарев Объявлен победитель премии «Нацбест» 2017 года Вышел трейлер фильма Covfefe об опечатке Трампа Короткие юбки, высокие прически Как ирландский фотограф искал любви в ночных клубах 1980-х годов Все материалы Интернет и СМИ Только для избранных Почему в сети сходят с ума по чернокожим, чесноку и башенным кранам «Я ни хрена не делаю и получаю бабки» Кто из звезд российского YouTube может попасть в Госдуму «Минус один укроп» Как журналисты лишаются работы из-за шуток про власть, инвалидов и трупы Журналист призвал террористов убить его за 60 тысяч долларов Спасающего пиво во время теракта британца назвали символом бесстрашия Журнал The New Times закроется Американская телеведущая рассказала о боевом настрое Путина Все материалы Ценности Танцевальный драйв Продюсер Эми Уайнхаус опробовал на Ибице новое купе Lexus Было просто хорошо, стало «ошнурительно» Сергей Шнуров поменял привычки «Язык техники мне дается нелегко» Звезда триатлона Виктория Шубина умеет рассчитать пульс без приборов Vetements отказался от шоу в Париже На фанатов «Гарри Поттера» наденут браслеты Личные вещи принцессы Леи выставили на торги Демна Гвасалия превратил моделей Balenciaga в офисных клерков Все материалы Путешествия Не нужно аплодировать! Что больше всего бесит бортпроводниц Аня Бушуева: «Паэлья — вовсе не испанское блюдо» Как приготовить главное блюдо Валенсии Жемчужина Закавказья Почему Армения — идеальное направление для бюджетного путешественника Обезвреживание пьяного дебошира на борту самолета в США сняли на видео Албания отменила визы для россиян на время курортного сезона В Казахстане спасли заблудившихся в степи туристов из Швейцарии Обычные американцы Как и за что корреспондент «Ленты.ру» полюбила простых жителей США Все материалы Из жизни Весь мир любит единорога Миллениалы помешались на всем, что связано с мифическим существом «Невозможно стать человеком другой национальности» История психиатра из России, который перебрался в Израиль, а затем в США Суперлюди среди нас Необычные фитнес-лидеры завоевывают популярность у поклонников ЗОЖ В США продавцов косметики раздели догола ради рекламы Лондонец после теракта вернулся в ресторан и оплатил счет Черепаха разбила автомобиль в Китае «Бургер Кинг» отрекся от титула после скандальной рекламы в Бельгии Все материалы Премиалочка для России Дорогие автомобили, которые россияне покупают чаще других Одно из четырех? Четыре из шести? Необычные типы автомобильных приводов: от гиперкаров до грузовиков Тест-драйв самого продаваемого кроссовера России Длительный тест Hyundai Creta: итоги и сравнение с конкурентами Самые дорогие машины России Самые дорогие автомобили самого популярного сайта продаж Новую BMW M5 случайно рассекретили в Need For Speed Nissan обновил X-Trail В Китае построили пятиуровневую мегадорогу Все материалы От нашего стола Российские интерьеры, сводящие иностранцев с ума Зависли на хате Украинцы придумали дом, который может обойтись без российского газа Москва за нами Какие квартиры можно купить в пределах МКАД по цене до трех миллионов рублей Найден регион России с самой комфортной средой Сносное настроение Демонтаж жилых домов в Москве: что нужно знать Вышка светит Как выглядит частный особняк, побивший мировой рекорд этажности Урбанист Джеф Спек пообещал сделать города пешеходными Все материалы Мобильная версия Нашли опечатку? Orphus: Ctrl+Enter РедакцияРекламаПресс-релизыТехподдержкаСпецпроектыВакансии © 1999–2017 ООО «Лента.Ру».
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Hello Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: 5 Things You Didn't Know About Kimberly-Clark Corporation Here are a few key facts investors should know about this consumer goods giant. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) May 31, 2017 at 5:01PM It's one of the biggest consumer goods companies on the market, with dozens of global brands including Huggies diapers, Kleenex tissues, and Cottonelle toilet paper. But while you may be familiar with most of Kimberly-Clark's (NYSE:KMB) hit franchises, read on for a few key operating and financial facts you might not know about this business. Long sales slump Kimberly-Clark's annual revenue has slipped in each of the last two fiscal years after peaking at just under $20 billion in 2014. The decline is entirely thanks to foreign exchange rate shifts, though. Last year's 2% gain, for example, was the result of a slight uptick in organic growth that was swamped by a 4% hit from currency moves.  Image source: Kimberly-Clark. Stripping out the effects of exchange-rate moves still leaves a business facing major industry challenges. Kimberly-Clark's organic growth slowed to a 2% pace in 2016 from 5% in the prior year. The company expects 2017 to mark a second straight year of deceleration, too. Heavy reliance on rich markets Kimberly-Clark generates just over half of its sales -- and 70% of profits -- from the U.S. market. Peer Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG), whose blockbuster Pampers brand battles against Kimberly-Clark's Huggies franchise, counts just 44% of its business from the U.S. The heavy reliance on this market has extracted a price on the business over the last few years. Since that industry segment has slowed to near zero growth, Kimberly-Clark has seen its organic growth pace fall as peers rebound or hold steady. P&G is on track to speed up its expansion pace to between 2% and 3% this year, from 1% in 2016, and Unilever is growing at a hefty 4% pace. Improving profitability The company generated a record high $2.2 billion of profit last year despite the sinking sales base. Cost cuts played a key role in this happy result as Kimberly-Clark sliced $435 million from its expense infrastructure. The trend continued into 2017, with $110 million of costs removed in the first quarter. In fact, operating margin has climbed to over 18% of sales, and executives believe they can reach 20% in the next few years, which would put Kimberly-Clark in the same company as industry leaders Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG) and Clorox (NYSE: CLX). KMB Operating Margin (TTM) data by YCharts. Falling prices Kimberly-Clark aims to generate growth that's driven by increasing sales volumes but also includes a healthy dose of rising prices. Yet prices fell by more than a full percentage point in the most recent quarter. The decline was due to spiking competition in the U.S. market, management explained, where organic sales dove by 3%. Executives said its market segments worsened to a 0.5% growth pace from 1.5% last year. That decline is the main reason the company believes it will slightly underperform last year's 2% organic growth in 2017. Rich dividend history The company has boosted its dividend in each of the last 44 years, with the most recent annual raises weighing in at 5.4% this year and 4.5% in 2016. That puts the company ahead of P&G, whose latest two dividend increases were 3% and 1%. P&G has a longer track record of raises, though, boasting 60 straight annual hikes. Thanks to rising profitability and the declining negative impact of foreign currency moves, Kimberly-Clark remains on track to boost adjusted earnings by between 3% and 5% to mark a slight slowdown from the prior year's 5% boost. Improved growth in 2018 and beyond will depend on the health of the industry and on whether the company's latest innovations in its core tissue and diaper brands are a hit with consumers. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Kimberly-Clark. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Demitri covers consumer goods and media companies for Fool.com, as well as broader moves in the economy. Follow @tmfsigma Article Info May 31, 2017 at 5:01PM Consumer Goods Stocks Procter & Gamble NYSE:PG $88.59 up $0.46 (0.52%) Kimberly-Clark NYSE:KMB $130.64 up $0.65 (0.50%) Read More 4 Key Quotes From Kimberly Clark Corp's Earnings Call 5 Things Kimberly-Clark Corp's Management Wants You to Know Kimberly-Clark Corp Confirms 2017 Profit Forecast How Kimberly Clark Corp Makes Most of Its Money 3 Bulletproof Dividend Stocks to Survive the Brexit Panic Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current 5 Things You Didn't Know About Kimberly-Clark Corporation @themotleyfool #stocks $PG, $KMB
Toggle Subscribe Search News and Politics Fashion Entertainment Beauty Lifestyle Wellness Toggle Close Submit News and Politics Fashion Entertainment Beauty Lifestyle Wellness Insider Log In Register Subscribe Sign Up for newsletter Subscribe Sign up for our newsletter Email Enter your birthday to completeMonth of birthMonthJanFebMarAprMayJunJulAugSepOctNovDecDay of birthDay01020304050607080910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031Year of birth Careers Miss O and Friends Creator Juliette Brindak On Her Early Success and Upcoming TV Show, Hyperlinked Find out how Juliette Brindak formed a multimillion dollar internet empire when she was only 16, which led her to executive producing her own TV show at 28. Emma Sarran WebsterMay 31, 2017 5:35PM EDT Facebook Twitter Pinterest Facebook Twitter Pinterest facebook dialog PinterestYouTube Red Lots of 16-year-olds spend lots of time on the Internet, particularly on social networks. Far fewer 16-year-olds create their own social networks that other teens flock to. But the latter was indeed the case with Juliette Brindak, who launched her website, Miss O and Friends in 2005 when she was only 16 years old. The site quickly became a haven for young girls to communicate, play games, get inspired, and more; and by 2008 it attracted the massive corporation, Procter & Gamble, which invested in and valued Miss O and Friends at $15 million. Three years later, Juliette’s teenage passion project had a steady user stream of 3 million monthly visitors. As Miss O and Friends continued full-steam ahead, Juliette did as well, even earning her college degree while running her thriving enterprise. And now, at 28, she’s taking yet another monumental step in her career: Juliette is executive producing a television series, Hyperlinked, based on her own story (including a namesake character specifically based on her). The 10-episode series, launching today on YouTube Red and was written and directed by an all-female team, will follow a fictional group of girls creating their own girls’ websites and navigating the all-too-common issues that face young teens coming of age. Teen Vogue caught up with Juliette to talk her website, TV show, and how she’s overcome the struggles of being a female entrepreneur. TV: Why did you start the website Miss O and Friends? JB: Miss O and Friends was first inspired by drawings I did when I was 10. We were driving back from vacation and I was bored, so I started doodling these girls I called “cool girls.” I gave them to my mom who’s a designer and she turned them into these characters: one for me and one for my little sister, Olivia. For years we’d just play with them. Then for Olivia’s 8th birthday, my mom made “Miss O-like” characters for her friends. When her friends saw these girls blown up big and mounted on thick foam core, they went CRAZY for them! They kept saying how cool they were and how they wished they had stuff with these characters. It was also at this birthday party where I started seeing things going on with Olivia and her friends that my friends and I, who were 13 and in middle school, were dealing with too. Things like: girls forming cliques or not wanting to eat birthday cake because they didn’t want to gain weight. They were only 8! It was really shocking… and seeing this, I wanted to do something to help Olivia and her friends through the next years of their lives and make it a little easier for them to navigate. A lot of girls think they are alone in whatever it is they are going through, but they aren’t. I wanted to create a community of girls that helped one another, where girls could get advice and be inspired, while having fun at the same time by playing games and winning prizes. Olivia’s nickname is “Miss O” and I started the site for her and friends, hence, the name Miss O and Friends! TV: Did you ever anticipate it would grow to be so big? JB: I always dreamed it would! TV: Procter & Gamble invested in your site when you were still a teenager. What do you think drew them to it? What do you think made (and makes) the site so successful? JB: They saw the authenticity in the site and how we were successfully able to tap into a very hard-to-reach demographic. Miss O and Friends wasn’t a company that was created by adults, for girls. It was actually created by girls, for girls and because of that, the site has always been able to stay relevant. It’s our community of girls that drives everything you see on the site, and I think that’s the biggest reason why we’ve been a success. TV: Did you learn coding after founding the site? If so, what was that experience like? JB: I’ve learned a lot of coding since we launched the site. It does take a lot of practice and patience, but it really is cool when you see the finished product. My mom and I have been learning together over the years, and when we both figure out how to do something new, we call each other and are so excited and proud! TV: You also went to college while running Miss O and Friends. What did you study, and what was that experience like? JB: I went to Washington University in St. Louis and studied Anthropology and Public Health. I loved college, and had an incredible four years in St. Louis. At the beginning of every semester, I’d write an email to my professors and let them know about Miss O and Friends and how sometimes there might be times I needed to miss class, or take an exam early. I found the more proactive I was about flagging any potential conflicts, the more understanding they were…because you know how the universe works…everything always happens at the same time! TV: How did the idea for Hyperlinked come about? JB: Our mission at Miss O and Friends has always been to empower and inspire young girls, and create media for girls that helps to build self-esteem. We had been doing this for years with the website, and wanted to grow that, which is why we wanted to create a show. My mom and I were constantly trying to think of ideas for what a series would look like, and one day we were like, “DUH! It should be about the story of how Miss O and Friends started.” The two of us and Larry Reitzer (the third creator of Hyperlinked) worked for months to develop the series and our characters, molding it into a show we are all very proud of and think kids and families will enjoy. TV: What are you most excited about with this series? JB: I’m so excited for girls and families to get to know the strong, empowering, relatable characters we’ve created. I really think they are something to look up to and I think a lot of people will relate to the story lines and situations they deal with. TV: What message do you hope the series sends? JB: I hope anyone watching is inspired, motivated, and empowered to go out and create! Whether it’s a website, an app, a YouTube Channel, or the next big medical breakthrough, you shouldn’t be held back by norms or stereotypes. I want everyone to go out and find what they love and do it. TV: What are some of the biggest challenges you’ve faced as a young, female entrepreneur? JB: When you’re starting out as young, female entrepreneur there definitely will be challenges. I’m young, so people don’t think I know what I’m doing, or that I don’t have enough experience. There are a lot of things when it comes to running a business that I don’t know, but I am either learning or trying something new. And it’s those new things that can be great and different. As a woman, many times the stereotype that I’m probably emotional is used against me and I’m viewed as weak or less qualified. I think that being emotional is actually one of my greatest qualities, because it’s what makes me so passionate and in turn, leads to my successes. When it comes down to it, there will always be people who doubt you or don’t take you as seriously as someone who is older, or male, but look at it as an opportunity to push yourself harder. TV: What advice do you have for girls and women who want to pursue careers in STEM or entrepreneurship, including those who may be scared or hesitant to do so? JB: It’s important for girls and women to feel confident in their STEM skills and know that if it’s something that interests them, keep doing it! Being good at or interested in STEM doesn’t make you nerdy. It makes you smart. And being smart is ALWAYS a good thing. Starting your own company isn’t easy, but if it’s something you believe in and are passionate about, it’s truly worth the journey. Think about why you’re creating it, why it’s important, what niche does it fill, and what you need to make this dream a reality. Once you start figuring out the base, you can work to build your plan of what you need and how you’re going to do it. Related: 7 Tips for Negotiating Your Salary follow us Facebook Twitter Pinterest Recommended for You Follow:FacebookTwitterInstagramPinterestWe Heart ItTumblrYouTubeGoogle Plustoggle social menu Condé Nast Condé Nast Websites Allure Ars Technica Backchannel Bon Appétit Brides Condé Nast Traveler Epicurious Glamour Golf Digest Golf World GQ GQ Style Pitchfork Self Style Teen Vogue The New Yorker The Scene Vanity Fair Vogue W Wired Site MapContact usNewsletter SignupSubscriptionsIn this issue CareersCondé Nast StoreReprints/PermissionsParsons x TeenVogue Accessibility Help Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy (Revised 1/2/2014).  Teen Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers.  Your California Privacy Rights. Teen Vogue © 2017 Condé Nast Digital. All rights reserved. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast Digital. Ad Choices. CNWN Collection
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Global Feminine Protection (Sanitary Pads, Tampons and Pantyliner) Industry: Size, Trends and Forecasts (2017-2021) Several prominent players operating in the Feminine Protection (Sanitary Pads, Tampons and Pantyliner) market adopted partnership as their key strategies. Companies such as  Procter & Gamble (P&G), Edgewell Personal Care Co., Unicharm Corporation and Kimberly-Clark Corporation have introduced innovative and technologically advanced products to capture more market share Scope of the Report The report entitled “Global Feminine Protection(Sanitary Pads, Tampons & Pantyliner) Market: Size, Trends & Forecasts (2017-2021)”, provides analysis of the global feminine protection market, with detailed analysis of market size and growth, and segmentation of the industry. The analysis includes the market by value and by region. The report also provides the analysis of the global feminine protection market of the US, Western Europe, Eastern Europe, China and Latin America regions. Request a sample of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/306153 . Moreover, the report also assesses the key opportunities in the market and outlines the factors that are and will be driving the growth of the industry. Growth of the overall global feminine protection market has also been forecasted for the years 2017-2021, taking into consideration the previous growth patterns, the growth drivers and the current and future trends. Procter & Gamble (P&G), Edgewell Personal Care Co., Unicharm Corporation and Kimberly-Clark Corporation are some of the key players operating in the global feminine protection market, whose company profiling has been done in the report. In this segment of the report, business overview, financial overview and business strategies of the companies are provided Country Coverage The US Western Europe Eastern Europe China Latin America Company Coverage Procter & Gamble (P&G) Edgewell Personal Care Co. Unicharm Corporation Kimberly-Clark Corporation Purchase a copy of Global Feminine Protection (Sanitary Pads, Tampons and Pantyliner) Market visit @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/306153 For more information contact sales@orbisresearch.com   . Executive Summary Feminine hygiene considered some special areas for personal hygiene. Maintaining appropriate hygiene for intimate area is one of the significant factors in female reproductive health, sexual health and quality of life. Feminine hygiene can further be categorized into: Feminine Protection and Intimate Care. Feminine protection includes hygiene absorbent products which are engineered to absorb and retain menstrual blood or others emanating from vagina without causing any leakage. The feminine protection segment can be classified into three major categories – sanitary pads, tampons and Pantyliner. The intimate care is separate from the regular hygiene routine, that include the proper cleaning of intimate area without upsetting the pH balance and therefore help to avoid vaginal infections such as bacterial vaginosis (BV). The major types of intimate care products are: douches, intimate wash and sprays, and feminine wipes. The global feminine protection market is expected to increase at high growth rates during the forecasted period (2017-2021). The global feminine protection market is supported by various growth drivers, such as increasing global female population, increasing disposable income, increase in urban population, growth in e-commerce, etc. Browse Complete Report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/global-feminine-protection-sanitary-pads-tampons-and-pantyliner-market-size-trends-and-forecasts-2017-2021 . Some points from TOC: Executive Summary Introduction 2.1 Feminine Hygiene: An Overview 2.2 Feminine Protection: An Overview 2.2.1 Sanitary Pads/Sanitary Towels 2.2.2 Tampons 2.2.3 Pantyliner 2.3 Intimate Care: An Overview 2.3.1 Douches 2.3.2 Intimate Wash And Sprays 2.3.3 Feminine Wipes 2.4 Advantages & Disadvantages Of Feminine Protection Products Global Market Analysis 3.1 Global Feminine Protection Market: An Analysis 3.1.1 Global Feminine Protection Market by Value 3.1.2 Global Feminine Protection Market by Penetration 3.1.3 Global Feminine Protection Market by Region 3.2 Global Feminine Protection Market: Product Analysis 3.2.1 Global Feminine Protection Market by Products 3.2.2 Global Sanitary Pad Market by Value 3.2.3 Global Tampons Market by Value 3.2.4 Global Pantyliner Market by Value Regional Market Analysis 4.1 The US Feminine Protection Market: An Analysis 4.1.1 The US Feminine Protection Market by Value 4.1.2 The US Feminine Protection Market by Products 4.1.3 The US Feminine Protection Market by Per Capita Spending 4.2 Europe Feminine Protection Market: An Analysis 4.2.1 Western Europe Feminine Protection Market by Value 4.2.2 Eastern Europe Feminine Protection Market by Value 4.3 China Feminine Protection Market: An Analysis 4.3.1 China Feminine Protection Market by Value 4.3.2 China Feminine Protection Market by Products 4.3.3 China Sanitary Protection Market by Consumption 4.3.4 China Feminine Protection Market by Average Monthly Usage 4.3.5 China Feminine Protection Market by Per Capita Spending 4.3.6 China Feminine Protection Market Products by Y-O-Y Growth Rate 4.4 Latin America Feminine Protection Market: An Analysis 4.4.1 Latin America Feminine Protection Market by Value For any enquires before buying, connect with us @ enquiry@orbisresearch.com About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Follow Us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/orbis-research Follow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/orbisresearch Like us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/OrbisResearch   CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsConsumer Goods, Feminine Protection (Sanitary Pads, health-care services, Healthcare, Pharmaceutical, Pharmaceuticals, Tampons and Pantyliner) Industry, Tampons and Pantyliner) Market, Tampons and Pantyliner) Market 2017, Tampons and Pantyliner) Market 2022 Forecast, Tampons and Pantyliner) Market analysis, Tampons and Pantyliner) Market Development, Tampons and Pantyliner) Market growth, Tampons and Pantyliner) Market sales, Tampons and Pantyliner) Market Share, Tampons and Pantyliner) Market Size, Tampons and Pantyliner) Market Trend Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Fingerprint Locker Market 2017 Segmentation, Demand, Growth, Trend, Opportunity and Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Global Pretzel Market to Grow at a CAGR of 2.80% to 2021 Search Recent Posts Australia’s Prescription Painkiller Epidemic Income Becomes the First Insurer in Singapore to use IBM Watson Explorer to improve the efficiency of pre- and post-IncomeShield claims Global And China Automotive Films Industry 2017 Market Research Report Global Embedded Flash Drive Industry 2017 Market Research Report Global Automotive Dyno Market Research Report 2017 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Latest Report Of Procter and Gamble Distribution SRL in Beauty and Personal Care (Romania) Market Summary This report helps to analyze competitive developments In the Procter and Gamble Distribution SRL in Beauty and Personal Care (Romania) Market Description Procter & Gamble has a production unit for hair care products in Romania, producing not only for the domestic market, but also for neighbouring countries. As much as 90% of its production is exported, mainly to Russia and Turkey. Local Company Profiles are a concise set of briefings detailing the strategic direction taken by a company. Discover key contact details, the company background and their competitive positioning through this collection of snapshot company profiles. Product coverage: Baby and Child-specific Products, Bath and Shower, Colour Cosmetics, Deodorants, Depilatories, Fragrances, Hair Care, Mass Beauty and Personal Care, Men’s Grooming, Oral Care, Oral Care Excl Power Toothbrushes, Premium Beauty and Personal Care, Sets/Kits, Skin Care, Sun Care. Data coverage: market sizes (historic and forecasts), company shares, brand shares and distribution data. Get a PDF Sample of Report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/296326   . Why buy this report? Get a detailed picture of the Beauty and Personal Care market; Pinpoint growth sectors and identify factors driving change; Understand the competitive environment, the market’s major players and leading brands; Use five-year forecasts to assess how the market is predicted to develop. Companies Mentioned: Procter & Gamble Distribution SRL The Key Points Mentioned in Procter and Gamble Distribution SRL in Beauty and Personal Care (Romania) Market Report are: Strategic Direction Key Facts Summary 1 Procter & Gamble Distribution SRL: Key Facts Summary 2 Procter & Gamble Distribution SRL: Operational Indicators Competitive Positioning Summary 3 Procter & Gamble Distribution SRL: Competitive Position 2016 Got any Query? Feel free to ask us at : http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/enquiry-before-buying/296326  . About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsBaby and Child-specific Products, Bath and Shower, Beauty and Personal Care (Romania) industry, Beauty and Personal Care (Romania) Market, Colour Cosmetics, Deodorants Industry, Depilatories, Fragrances Market, Healthcare, Procter and Gamble Distribution SRL in Beauty and Personal Care (Romania) Industry, Procter and Gamble Distribution SRL in Beauty and Personal Care (Romania) Market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Honma Golf Announces FY2017 Annual Results; Net Profit Rose by 38.9% Hitting JPY5.0 Billion Next PostNext Parylene Market Size (Value) Worldwide Industry Growth, Share, Trends, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Discover: Quotes Weather Seedstock 100 Blog: Beef Daily LISTEN: Max Armstrong's Daily Updates WATCH: This Week in Agribusiness Digital Issues – BEEF Digital Issues – BEEF Vet More Menu Log In or Register Animal Health Beef Quality BEEF Vet Business Genetics/Reproduction Nutrition Pasture/Range Regulatory Quotes Weather Seedstock 100 Blog: Beef Daily LISTEN: Max Armstrong's Daily Updates WATCH: This Week in Agribusiness Digital Issues – BEEF Digital Issues – BEEF Vet Beef Vet Feeder Focus FFA Chapter Tribute Samuelson Sez Over a Cup Health Ranch Pasture to Pounds Seedstock 100 About Us Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad Choices Search Log In Register Recent Recent 11 tips for young producers from the Beef Improvement Federation Jun 04, 2017 This Week in Agribusiness, June 3, 2017 Jun 03, 2017 Consider compensation plans that build a business Jun 02, 2017 Who won BEEF’s ‘For the love of land & livestock” photo contest? May 30, 2017 Why it’s important to protect calf health prior to birth May 29, 2017 Featured Middle meats, especially the rib, surge in 2017 Jun 01, 2017 Weekly Market Update | Typical holiday week slows market Jun 01, 2017 How Natural Resources Defense Council got it wrong on beef demand May 25, 2017 Meat sales fire up for summer May 31, 2017 Victor Moriyama/Getty Images SAO PAULO, BRAZIL - MARCH 20: Shoppers browse for meat at a public market March 20, 2017 in Sao Paulo, Brazil. Brazilian Federal Police launched a major operation in several Brazilian states with search and arrest warrants for directors of the country's main meat-producing companies, such as JBS and BRF. Thirty-three employees of the Ministry of Agriculture were removed from office for alleged involvement in a corruption scheme and receiving a bribe for allowing spoiled meat to circulate in Brazilian supermarkets. (Photo by Victor Moriyama/Getty Images) Marketing Batista brothers resign from top JBS S.A. posts New board chair announced. May 27, 2017 Compiled by Cheryl Day JBS S.A., the world’s largest meatpacker, announced Friday that Joesley Batista resigned as chairman and member of the board. The Board of Directors unanimously elected Tarek Farahat as Batista’s replacement. Company owners and brothers Joesley and Wesley Batista entered into a plea bargain deal that accused Brazil’s President Michel Temer of endorsing the bribing of a witness in the country’s largest meat scandal. The brothers’ testimony, released last week, unleashed a political crisis, alleging that they bribed hundreds of politicians, reports Reuters. Both brothers resigned from their senior posts effectively immediately. Tarek Farahat has worked for Procter & Gamble for 26 years, serving in a number of leadership positions in several regions around the globe, including the Middle East, Europe and Latin America. From 2006-12, he served as president of P&G Brazil. In 2012, he became president of P&G Latin America and an officer of the company’s executive board. Farahat has been a member of the Board of Directors of JBS since 2013 and has served as global president of Marketing and Innovation since 2015. In the same meeting, José Batista Sobrinho was unanimously elected vice chairman of the Board. The Board also ratified the creation of a Governance Committee, which will be led by Farahat and whose main objective will be to implement global best practices in corporate governance and compliance at JBS. “Governance is my utmost priority. We will work hard to restore trust with the market and protect the more than 235,000 families that are part of JBS. There is a significant amount of work to be done in order to regain the trust of our stakeholders,” states Farahat. “We remain focused on offering consumers the highest quality products and services while maintaining a close partnership with our suppliers and clients, and supporting our more than 235,000 team members worldwide,” adds Farahat. 0 comments Hide comments Comment * More information about text formats Text format CommentsPlain text Comments Allowed HTML tags: <em> <strong> <blockquote> <br> <p> Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. PublishLog in or register to comment Home page Save Related Weekly Market Update | Typical holiday week slows marketJun 02, 2017 Middle meats, especially the rib, surge in 2017Jun 01, 2017 Meat Market Update | Choice-Select spreads sets new recordJun 01, 2017 Weekly Cattle Market Wrap Up: Heavy weight feeders continue to head to townMay 26, 2017 Load More About Contact Us Advertise Sitemap Subscribe Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow us: Copyright © 2017 Penton
Skip to Content RedMonk the developer-focused industry analyst firm Become a client Menu Videos Research Events About Team Services Clients Contact Search @redmonk James Governor's Monkchips Addressing the lack of diversity in tech, one smart young person at time. Let’s send Isaiah Lynn to Harvard By jgovernor | June 1, 2017 Share via Twitter Share via Facebook Share via Linkedin Share via Reddit Trying to psychologically cope with all the inequality in the world can be overwhelming. One way to deal with feelings of powerlessness is by doing something. You definitely can’t fix all the things but you can contribute to fixing one thing. So let me introduce you to Isaiah Lynn. He’s pretty awesome. He studies at University College London, has an internship at JP Morgan this summer, and just got accepted into a course that will see him spend the third year of his undergraduate studies at Harvard and MIT. That’s the good news. The bad news – the funding he expected to get for the program from a charity just fell through, so he’s crowd-funding to raise the £64k (around $82k) he needs to pay for tuition. He recently hit the 10k mark, so there is plenty to do but things are looking good. I first met Isaiah at Thingmonk, our IoT conference. He was one of our Diversity Scholars, in a program sponsored by the Eclipse Foundation, which involved crispy new business cards from Moo, free tickets and mentoring from great people like Thomas Otter of SuccessFactors SAP. We wanted to do more than just give out some free tickets, but to build a program of engagement before, during and after the event. Christie Fidura laid down the framework. The scholarship intake at Thingmonk 2016 was stellar – bright, enthusiastic and personable. So many talented people joining us from underrepresented groups in tech. Sometimes in our industry though diversity is shorthand for gender diversity, but Thingmonk really opened my eyes. Having a significant number of black people at your event makes it way better. And our scholars were all fired up- here’s Ivan Beckley’s great write up – A BLACK medical student at an internet of things (IoT) conference — WTF? One thing that really struck me was that many of the young people that attended were already high achievers: Internships at JP Morgan, fast track management programs at Colgate-Palmolive, “clinical entrepreneurs” at the the NHS. What could we do for them, when they were going to crush it anyway? It turns out that one of simple things we did was include them, and inspire them. I talked to Isaiah earlier today and he said that attending ThingMonk had led him to radically reconsider the options open to him. Why shouldn’t an anthropology student, raised in Stratford, become a tech VC? “Sometimes we are told that we cannot achieve an aspiration or that our aspirations are too high. We are told that due to our ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, class, or disability, our dream is unachievable. No. What is important, as far as I am concerned, is not how our background can limit us, but rather how our background can propel us to our destination. Coming from a humble income, lone parent family, growing up in inner-city London could have stopped me reaching some of my aspirations. But, it has not. Instead, it has motivated me to explore just how far I can go with limited resources. I have come this far, and I still have a way to go.” So why do I care? I care about creating opportunities for people because it’s who I am. I was raised that way. But i am not going to lie – my wife is black and having mixed race kids does make the lack of diversity in tech a bit more personal. I want my sons and daughter to be as welcome in tech as I have been, if they choose that route. So back to Isaiah and crowd-funded education. One thing I learned in running our successful campaign to open the Village Hall was that people don’t fund things if they don’t get something back. It’s very hard to just say hey please fund my education. But Isaiah is the talent, the pipeline, the future of business success. You don’t want to support him because he needs the money, but because he’s going to bring value to your business in future. So I thought why not reach out to VCs I know and see if they’d be willing to contribute, on the basis that he could join as a research assistant after graduation. Isaiah has already reached out the the Harvard Ventures group, and he’s all in. At UCL he’s been involved in their VC program too, and has already helped fund 4 companies with support from VCs including Accel Partners and Balderton Capital. Why not have a chat with him? Obviously if you happen to have enough funds you can contribute to his campaign please do so – his crowd funding page is here, please read it. But I figured going after some VCs i know was one way I might be able to help. Bottom line – there are not enough black people in tech, and definitely not enough in the VC world. We need to redress the balance. Isaiah Lynn in super smart and he will work himself to the bone to succeed. You don’t get a place to Harvard without doing the work, especially if you’re a black man from Stratford. No Comments Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Recent Posts “Serverless and the the death of devops”. Can you not? Addressing the lack of diversity in tech, one smart young person at time. Let’s send Isaiah Lynn to Harvard So what even is a Service Mesh? Hot take on Istio and Linkerd So where’s the Visual Studio Code at? Just how many darned developers are there in the world? GitHub is puzzled Privacy Clients Contact Services Briefings [email protected] RedMonk 95 High Street Suite 206 Portland, ME 04101 Twitter YouTube
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Research Report and Overview on BRICS Disposable Hygiene Products Market 2016-2026 by FMI Global Study Valley Cottage, NY — (SBWIRE) — 06/01/2017 — The disposable hygiene products market is witnessing an annual growth of nearly 6-7% due to increased consumer spending on personal care products globally. In addition, the demand for improvised comfort, performance and efficient absorbent hygiene products is expected to drive demand for disposable hygiene products in the near future. Concerns for safety, convenience and hygiene are identified as key factors affecting growth of disposable hygiene products market. Furthermore, rising consumption of products such as sanitary pads, wipes, baby products and others across the globe is anticipated to drive demand for disposable hygiene products market in near future. Among the developing economies, increasing population and manufacture of such products in countries such as India and China and low penetration of these products is expected to open opportunities for growth of the market in BRICS. Moreover, industry-sophistication is expected to fuel the demand for disposable hygiene products in Brazil. Apart from increasing population in BRICS, economic development particularly in countries such as China and India is a key factor contributing towards substantial growth of disposable hygiene products market in the region. Furthermore, increasing disposable income, rising expenditure or consumer spending on personal hygiene and increasing hygiene concerns are expected to fuel demand for disposable hygiene products over the next five to six years. Also, increasing Internet penetration is a prime factor supporting wide distribution of these products to tech-savvy consumers in BRICS via the medium of online retailing. Internet penetration is expected to enhance distribution of these products, leading to increased consumption and brand visibility among consumers in BRICS. Request Report Sample@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-br-107 Although hygiene concerns rank high among consumers in the BRICS region, low awareness among people in rural areas coupled with low adoption of products in regular operations could hamper growth of the market. However, some international companies are focused on advertising campaigns along with the government awareness campaigns regarding hygiene. Although hygiene concerns in BRICS region is high, low awareness among people in rural areas coupled with low adoption of products on a regular basis is expected to restrict market growth. Moreover, cost reduction coupled with efficient packaging of the disposable hygiene products is concern for companies operating in this market. As a result, a few international companies are focusing on advertising campaigns along with product portfolio expansion through opening of new manufacturing units. For instance, Unicharm Corporation, Procter & Gamble India and Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget SCA (publ.) among others, have opened new manufacturing units for hygiene products in India. For instance, Unicharm Corporation invested US $ 39.2 million to set up a manufacturing facility with the objective to develop baby care, pet care and feminine care products in India. The disposable hygiene products market is segmented on the basis of product type and material used in products. The various disposable hygiene products include nappies, diapers, toilet paper, wipes, sanitary protection, kitchen towels, paper tableware, cotton pads and buds. These products are classified according to age-group since product usage differs accordingly. On the basis of age-group, the market has been segmented into adult care, feminine care and baby care. The materials used in these products are broadly classified as woven or non-woven, which depends on the acceptability of the product as well as age-group for which they are designed. Among all the product categories, the sanitary pads and baby products are collectively expected to be a promising area in the BRICS disposable hygiene products market. Among all the BRICS countries, India and China are expected to witness an increase in demand for disposable hygiene products, followed by Brazil and Russia. Request For TOC@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-br-107 Investments by local players for disposable hygiene products are increasing rapidly, which is expected to lead towards a strong competitive database. This in turn is predicted to enhance the competitiveness among local as well as international players, leading to substantial investments in this market in future. Prominent players in this market include Dispowear Sterite Company, Kimberley Clark Corporation, Disposable Hygiene Products Ltd., BOSTIK SA, BAHP, UNICHARM Corporation, Procter & Gamble Company, Unicharm Corporation, Kao Corporation and Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget SCA (publ). CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Zinc Diacrylate Diacetate Market Overview, Development by Companies and Comparative Analysis by 2021 Next PostNext Global Steam Boiler Systems Market Industry, Growth, Trends, and Forecast Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
null
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / CGT Reveals Finalists for 2017 CMO of the Year Award CGT Reveals Finalists for 2017 CMO of the Year Award Posted on June 1, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. Presented at the 2017 Consumer Goods Sales & Marketing Summit, the fourth annual award honors the unique and powerful role of today’s marketing leaders in the increasingly competitive consumer goods industry. Randolph, New Jersey (PRWEB) June 01, 2017 Consumer Goods Technology (CGT) will present its fourth annual CMO of the Year award during a special ceremony on June 6th at the 2017 Consumer Goods Sales & Marketing Summit in New York City. This one of-a-kind award will be given to the Chief Marketing Officer who has made the largest demonstrable impact on his/her consumer goods organization through the implementation and successful use of new marketing strategies, technologies and/or processes. The nominations have been open since January 2017, submitted by members of the consumer goods community. Narrowing the nominations down to four deserving individuals, CGT has presented them to its esteemed Editorial and Research Advisory Boards for voting. Here are this year's finalists for CMO of the Year: David Kroll, MillerCoors David Kroll is responsible for leading the company’s efforts in brand marketing, innovation, insights, media, and sports and event marketing. Previously, Kroll was vice president of innovation for MillerCoors. Prior to joining MillerCoors in 2012, Kroll spent more than 20 years in marketing and operations, driving profitable growth for some of the world's most recognized brands, which included a range of leadership positions with Dyson, Alberto Culver (Unilever), Wrigley, P&G and Cargill. He initiated a global media review that concluded in early 2017 already bringing a greater focus and consistency to the marketing plan. His team took on responsibility for the Blue Moon and Leinenkugel brands last fall. Unique recent efforts have included a tie-in with Uber that offered Chicago Cubs and White Sox fans free rides home from the teams' 2017 season openers. Peter McGuinness, Chobani McGuinness was a "CMO of the Year" finalist last year, but what makes him worth additional recognition is what happened in 2016: Chobani stopped being simply "America’s No. 1-selling Greek Yogurt brand" and became "America's No. 2-selling yogurt brand," having completed an impressive 9-year rise to the top of the category. As Chief Marketing & Brand Officer since 2013, McGuinness has helped build a truly authentic brand that resonates deeply with younger, more socially conscious consumers. A recently launched "Believe in Food" branding campaign promotes the community values that are a core component of the brand's (and company's) positioning. Social channels (not to mention social issues) and other non-traditional media were critical to Chobani's early development and are still a key component of the strategy. Chobani recently was recognized by Fast Company as one of the top 10 most innovative companies in the world and was recently featured on 60 Minutes. Marie Gulin-Merle, L’Oréal USA Marie Gulin-Merle was named Chief Marketing Officer for L’Oréal USA in June 2014. Her team almost immediately began working with General Assembly to create a "GMAT for Digital" training program to get L’Oréal’s marketers up to speed on best practices for data, search engine optimization, mobile marketing, social media and content creation. In ranking her as the 13th "Most Innovative CMO" last December, Business Insider said Gulin-Merle has turned L’Oréal USA into a "digital powerhouse" through a "first-adopter approach to new platforms and ad formats." Efforts have included a Snapchat campaign for Maybelline during New York Fashion Week, becoming the first beauty advertiser on Pinterest, and creating a virtual reality hairstylist education program for its Matrix brand. This summer, the company will launch a bot on Facebook Messenger with Kiehls. Keith Weed, Unilever Weed has served as Chief Marketing and Communications Officer since 2010. He created and leads the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan to proactively pioneer ways of integrating sustainability into the business. Weed takes an informed, pragmatic approach to media planning that focuses on "connecting with people where they're spending their time," and he stresses that "the biggest thing that drives engagement is the quality of the creative," not the marketing vehicle. While a strong proponent of new technologies, he takes a more strategic view on activation ("If it's 85% optimized for mobile [but] 110% optimized for my brand, that's great.") Recent activity has included an AI-driven "Chef Wendy" text-messaging service for Knorr, a Beacon-based in-store program run through foodie and shopper apps such as Epicurious and CheckPoints Maille, and a Smartlabel app to provide product transparency. CGT presents several awards through the year to the members of the consumer goods community. Click here to make a nomination for awards in the following categories: CIO of the Year, Customer Management, SMB Market and Supply Chain. About Consumer Goods Technology Consumer Goods Technology (CGT), an integrated media brand, is the leading resource for consumer goods executives looking to improve business performance. Delivering content in print, online and face-to-face, CGT reaches an audience of more than 76,000 consumer goods executives ranging from managers and directors to VPs and CIOs. CGT also covers all major segments of the consumer goods sector, including Food, Beverage, Packaged Goods, Consumer Electronics, Small Home Appliances, OTC Pharma, and Apparel/Footwear/Accessories. For more information on CGT, visit http://www.consumergoods.com. Contact: Alarice Rajagopal Editor, CGT 973-607-1354 For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/06/prweb14388716.htm Latest News World’s Premier Arborists, Scientists and Researchers to Meet for International Events in Washington, D.C. SLCC Promise, Aerospace Pathways Win Envision Utah Awards Statement from UN Foundation President and CEO Kathy Calvin on U.S. Decision to Withdraw from the Paris Agreement on Climate Change Study.com Recognized as one of Inc. Magazine’s 2017 Best Workplaces OneQube Acquires Internet Media Labs & Them Digital, and Launches Audience Automation Software Stack with Artificial Intelligence Susan Ellerbusch Appointed CEO of Air Liquide USA LLC TUNAI CLIP Bluetooth Music Receiver and Wireless Headphone Amplifier Wins Computex d&i Award ODH Medical Director Candace Saldarini, M.D. to Co-Present on Leveraging Technology to Maximize Care Management for High-Risk Patients at AHIP Health Conference CGT Reveals Finalists for 2017 CMO of the Year Award Interfacing Technologies Launches Next Generation BPM Platform for Digital Transformation! © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Diapers Market – Indian Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2021 Diapers are broadly categorized into two types i.e. disposable diapers and cloth diapers. Disposable diapers constitute the largest market PUNE, INDIA, June 1, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — India Diapers Market In India, of late, hygiene industry is experiencing an unprecedented growth as hygiene products are being adopted into the lifestyle of the masses. With the increased awareness and increasing purchasing power, customers are fast shifting from cloth nappies to baby diapers. Consumers today are looking for baby diapering solutions that go beyond the basic benefits of dryness and go the extra mile to incorporate value-adding features such as softness and caring for their baby’s delicate skin. Indians give birth to around 27 million babies each year, yet the penetration rate of baby diapers remains at less than two percent. Request a sample report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/744750-india-diapers-market-outlook-2021 According to “India Diaper Market Outlook, 2021”, India’s diaper market was growing with a CAGR of 22.23% over past five years. In 2014, the market for baby diapers in urban India grew with a CAGR of 19.99% whereas in rural India the growth was much higher than urban. On the basis of age, the report categorizes the India diaper market into baby diapers and adult diapers. Baby diapers constitute the leading category in the market. During the forecast horizon, adult diapers market is expected to grow significantly due to the increasing healthcare standards in the country. However, social and economic constraints of using adult diapers are hampering the market growth. P&G’s Pampers dominates the overall diaper industry, followed by Huggies and Mamy Poko. P&G’s lack of innovation and focus on higher margins amid aggressive strategies adopted by its competitors to increase their market share is expected to decrease brand’s market share in future. Japanese firm Unicharm, which sells Mamy Poko diapers, overtook Kimberly Clark in baby diaper segment nearly two years ago. In baby diaper segment, Pampers, Mamy Poko and Huggies constitute more than 85% of the market by value whereas in adult diaper segment, Nobel Hygiene and Actifit dominate the industry heavily. Diapers are broadly categorized into two types i.e. disposable diapers and cloth diapers. Disposable diapers constitute the largest market share and are seeing increasing investments by manufacturers in their research and development. In the last few years modern cloth diapers have become a fast moving trend worldwide for families looking for a natural modern way to diaper their babies. Sales of cloth diapers were 140 lakh units in 2014 and are expected to climb up in the forecast period, owing to environmental benefits. Other type of diapers includes swim pants and training pants which has a marginal market share in India. Complete report details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/744750-india-diapers-market-outlook-2021 Key points in table of content 1. Executive Summary 2. Global Diaper Market Outlook 2.1. Market Size By Value 2.2. Market Share By Segment 2.3. Global Baby Diaper Market 2.3.1. Market Size By Value 2.3.1.1. Overall Market 2.3.1.2. Cloth Diaper Market 2.3.1.3. Disposable Diaper Market 2.3.1.4. Swim Pants Market 2.3.1.5. Training Pants Market 2.3.2. Market Share 2.3.2.1. By Company 2.3.2.2. By Region 2.3.2.3. By Type 2.4. Global Adult Diaper Market 2.4.1. Market Size By Value 2.4.2. Market Share By Company 3. India Diaper Market Outlook 3.1. Market Size By Value 3.2. Market Share 3.2.1. By Brand 3.2.2. By Segment 3.3. India Baby Diaper Market 3.3.1. Market Size By Value 3.3.1.1. Overall Market 3.3.1.2. Cloth Diaper Market 3.3.1.3. Disposable Diaper Market 3.3.1.4. By Target Demographics 3.3.2. Market Size By Volume 3.3.2.1. Cloth Diaper Market 3.3.2.2. Disposable Diaper Market 3.3.3. Market Share 3.3.3.1. By Brand 3.3.3.2. By Type 3.4. India Adult Diaper Market 3.4.1. Market Size By Value 3.4.2. Market Size By Volume 3.4.3. Market Share By Company 4. India Economic Snapshot 5. Pricing Analysis 6. Packsize Analysis 7. Channel Partner Analysis 8. Trade Dynamics 8.1. Import 8.2. Export 9. Market Trends & Developments 9.1. Marketing Drive by the Multinationals 9.2. Appreciation for Western Lifestyles 9.3. Growing Trend of Working Women’s in India 9.4. Emergence of Private Label Brands 9.5. Comfort and Thinness 9.6. Hygiene and Sanitation Awareness 10. Competitive Landscape 10.1. Porters Five Forces 10.2. Company Profiles 10.2.1. SCA Hygiene Products India Pvt. Ltd. 10.2.2. Johnson & Johnson Private Limited 10.2.3. Procter & Gamble (P&G) 10.2.4. Kimberly Clark Lever Pvt. Ltd. 10.2.5. The Unicharm India Pvt. Ltd. 10.2.6. Nobel Hygiene Pvt. Ltd. 10.2.7. Godrej Consumer Product Limited 10.2.8. The BellaPremier Happy HygieneCare Pvt. Ltd. 10.2.9. Wipro Consumer Care & Lighting Limited 10.2.10. CareMate Health Care Inc. 11. Strategic Recommendations 12. Disclaimer Get this report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=744750 Contact US: NORAH TRENT Partner Relations & Marketing Manager sales@wiseguyreports.com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) Norah Trent wiseguyreports +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious More Than 4,000 Students From 30 Minneapolis Schools to Receive 10 Free Books Through Start Reading Now and Scholastic Next PostNext Janssen Announces Submissions in Europe and US for Single- Tablet Regimen of Dolutegravir plus Rilpivirine – the First Two-Drug HIV Maintenance Treatment Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress

Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Keynote Speaker * Customer Satisfaction * Surveys * More Tags... Industry News * Business * More Industries... News By Place * Los Angeles   California   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News June 2017 Mo Su Sa Fr Th We Tu 5 4 3 2 1 May 2017 31 30 What's In A Name? 'Customer Satisfaction' Says It All Ask Dr. Gary S. Goodman, President of Customersatisfaction.com, Where The Value Is In His URL, and Peter F. Drucker Will Tell You!     cnbcfreqflyr   Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: • Keynote Speaker • Customer Satisfaction • Surveys Industry: • Business Location: • Los Angeles - California - USLOS ANGELES - June 1, 2017 - PRLog -- Ask Dr. Gary S. Goodman, President of Customersatisfaction.com, where the value is in his URL, and you'll hear some interesting answers. "Well, for one thing it is really a kingmaker," he says. Pointing to his frequent expert appearances on CNBC and in the media, and to his many book contracts and speaking engagements, he says "Customersatisfaction.com has positioned me quite nicely as a spokesperson and thought leader." He adds: "If you are simply Mary Smith with The Smith Agency, you may have a lot to say and should be listened to. But you're not as likely to be interviewed, quoted, and taken seriously as I am," Goodman points out. "When I call the President of a company such as JD Power and announce I am President of Customersatisfaction.com, instantly, there's respect. I'm a peer, and that's invaluable," Goodman claims. Goodman has owned the URL for about 15 years, but he says he hasn't exploited its true value. "Speaking of JD Power, it is a wonderful brand, hard-won through generations. But what business are they really in? They're in the customer satisfaction measurement business, and their URLs should emphasize this." Likewise, Goodman says any brand that stands behind its brand, whether it's a FedEx, Proctor & Gamble, Apple, or Adobe, should assert its "special commitment to customer satisfaction" through such a URL. Goodman freely credits this view to his teacher and colleague, famed management guru Peter F. Drucker. "Drucker was fond of challenging CEOs with the question, 'What business are you REALLY in?' " "If you get to the bedrock truth, all businesses are in the customer satisfaction business," Goodman says with zeal. Goodman echoes what Drucker said: "The entire purpose of a business is to create and satisfy a customer." What about other URLs that tout customer "care" or customer "experience" or even customer "service." Are those worth investing in? "Not so much," says Goodman. "These are emphasizing process and not results. People don't care about what you're doing, the so-called quality you're putting in; they care about the outcomes, the quality they're getting from it." "Signaling your commitment to achieve customer satisfaction through your URL "Is simply smart business," Goodman says. Is he interested in selling? "Like any great asset, it is always seeking a higher and better use" he smiles. Dr. Gary S. Goodman is the best-selling author of some 20 books and audiobooks including Monitoring, Measuring & Managing Customer Service, Please Don't Shoot The Messenger, Reach Out & Sell Someone, and Selling Skills For The Non-Salesperson. He teaches at UCLA and U.C. Berkeley, and his consulting client list is vast, containing many of the best and brightest companies in the world. He can be contacted about his keynote speeches and customized seminars at gary@customersatisfaction.com or at (818) 970-GARY (4279). Contact Dr. Gary S. Goodman gary@customersatisfaction.com End Source : Customersatisfaction.com Email : ***@customersatisfaction.com Tags : Keynote Speaker, Customer Satisfaction, Surveys Industry : Business Location : Los Angeles - California - United States Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse Customersatisfaction.com PRs Customersatisfaction.com Restores Web-Damaged Reputations Shoppers Using Yelp! Make 3 Costly Mistakes You Can Train A Great Salesperson In 4 Hours Or Less! Vengeful Customers The Biggest Threat to Today’s Businesses, Says Customersatisfaction.com “Sit Down, Shut-Up and Spend Money!” Today’s Online Retailers Insist Top Daily News A Matter of Interpretation host , Claudette Milner, Announces the Name of her Teen Host - 254 views RII Sports Technology Helping Football Coaches More Effectively Exploit Their Biggest Competitive Advantage - Data - 248 views Items from the Titanic, Andrea Doria and SS Normandie will be offered at Weiss Auctions on June 22nd - 193 views London + Manchester => Germany's GPS Ankle Trackers? - 102 views Rare antique bottles will come up for bid June 16-17 by Holabird at the Reno Bottle Show & Auction - 91 views Top Weekly News Son Of A Legend Creates His Own Lane - 803 views Bram Weinstein Joins DC's Capital Talent Agency As a New Voice - 480 views L.A. Wolves FC Focus On U.S. Open Cup Third Round Game vs. Orange County SC in 'Freeway Classico' - 468 views Entertainment Schedule Set For Wizard World Comic Con Philadelphia, Thursday through Sunday - 455 views Galileoscopes & Solar Filters Available for August 2017 Solar Eclipse - 452 views Top Daily News A Matter of Interpretation host , Claudette Milner, Announces the Name of her Teen Host - 254 views RII Sports Technology Helping Football Coaches More Effectively Exploit Their Biggest Competitive Advantage - Data - 248 views Items from the Titanic, Andrea Doria and SS Normandie will be offered at Weiss Auctions on June 22nd - 193 views London + Manchester => Germany's GPS Ankle Trackers? - 102 views Rare antique bottles will come up for bid June 16-17 by Holabird at the Reno Bottle Show & Auction - 91 views Top Weekly News Son Of A Legend Creates His Own Lane - 803 views Bram Weinstein Joins DC's Capital Talent Agency As a New Voice - 480 views L.A. Wolves FC Focus On U.S. Open Cup Third Round Game vs. Orange County SC in 'Freeway Classico' - 468 views Entertainment Schedule Set For Wizard World Comic Con Philadelphia, Thursday through Sunday - 455 views Galileoscopes & Solar Filters Available for August 2017 Solar Eclipse - 452 views PTC News Entertainment Schedule Set For Wizard World Comic Con Philadelphia, Thursday through Sunday - 455 views Wizard World Hall of Legends To Honor Comic Arts Legacy - 340 views Find Your Dream Home at Summit View in Residence 3845 - 267 views Lennar to Bring New Homes to High Point Later this Year - 243 views Lennar's Dalton Place Now Open for Tours - 230 views Jun 01, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
POLITICO Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure https://www.politicopro.com Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us Comey hearing consumes Washington The Trump administration's lonely voice for human rights Trump fires away on Twitter after London attack London attackers killed in 'unprecedented' hail of bullets Meet the GOP senator who wants to bridge the Obamacare divide The bottleneck in Rex Tillerson’s State Department Politico POLITICO Influence Intelligence and analysis on lobbying Get the POLITICO Influence Newsletter Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print The lobbyists who got White House ethics waivers By Theodoric Meyer 06/01/2017 02:09 PM EDT With David Beavers, Daniel Lippman and Aubree Eliza Weaver. FOUR FORMER LOBBYISTS GOT ETHICS WAIVERS FOR WHITE HOUSE WORK: The White House disclosed the ethics waivers it has issued last night, including waivers exempting four former lobbyists now working in the administration from President Donald Trump’s executive order preventing them from working on issues they had recently lobbied on. One is “Trump energy policy adviser Michael Catanzaro, a former lobbyist for the oil and gas industry,” POLITICO’s Josh Gerstein reports. “He was given approval to work on ‘energy and environmental policy issues’ including the Clean Power Plan, the Waters of the United States rule and other environmental regulations.” Story Continued Below — “Tax policy adviser Shahira Knight, a former Fidelity executive, was approved to deal with tax, retirement and financial services issues even though she'd previously lobbied on those topics. ‘The National Economic Council has been tasked with addressing issues relating to tax, retirement and financial services. The Administration has an interest in you working on matters in those areas due to your expertise and prior experience,’ the waiver reads.” — “White House economic aide Andrew Olmem was cleared to work on a variety of finance-related issues despite his lobbying for several big insurance companies and banks” as a lobbyist for Venable. “Vice President Mike Pence's chief of staff, Joshua Pitcock, also got a waiver. He'd worked as a lobbyist for the state of Indiana on various issues, but was given approval to deal with Indiana state officials in his current job and to work on issues he'd lobbied on for the state, including refugee policy, opioid abuse, trade and education policy and wide variety of other areas.” The waivers are only for those staffers working in the White House; waivers issued for staffers in executive branch agencies have yet to be disclosed. Full story. BALLARD PARTNERS ADDS A PARTNER: “Ballard Partners has hired Rebecca Benn as a partner at the firm’s office in Washington,” POLITICO Florida’s Christine Sexton reports. The firm, led by Brian Ballard, a top fundraising lieutenant to Trump during the campaign, opened a Washington office after Trump won and has signed more than two dozen federal clients this year. “Benn was most recently the director of federal affairs for CSX Transportation, where she was responsible for all government relations initiatives impacting automation, safety, environmental regulation and security. She had previously served as a staffer on the Appropriations Committee for the U.S. Senate.” Full story. FORMER JOLLY STAFFER JOINS MERCURY: J.D. White, the former chief of staff to former Rep. David Jolly (R-Fla.), is joining Mercury’s Florida team, POLITICO Florida’s Matt Dixon reports. “Mercury's Florida operation is comprised of the state's top strategists across party lines,” Ashley Walker, a Mercury partner, said in a statement. “JD's public policy expertise, as well as his political experience will be an asset to our work here in Florida and globally." Jolly lost to Democrat Charlie Crist last year. Full story. Good afternoon, and welcome to PI. Switching jobs? Sign a new client? Get in touch: tmeyer@politico.com. You can also follow me on Twitter: @theodoricmeyer. PARIS PRESSURE: Some of the most prominent companies in the country are trying to pressure Trump into remaining in the Paris climate change agreement as he is reportedly preparing to pull out of it. More than two dozen firms — including Apple, Facebook, Google, Intel, Microsoft and Morgan Stanley — put their names on an open letter to Trump that ran this morning as a full-page ad in The New York Times and The Wall Street Journal. Elon Musk, the Tesla and SpaceX chief executive, threatened to stop advising Trump if he quit the climate pact. And Apple CEO Tim Cook and Musk both called the White House on Wednesday to try to press Trump to change his mind, according to The Wall Street Journal. — But it’s unclear how aggressively the companies that have signed onto open letters (a previous one that ran in newspapers last month included signatures from the chief executives of Bank of America, Disney, General Electric, Goldman Sachs and Procter & Gamble, among others) have been pushing the administration behind the scenes. National Grid, which signed one of the letters, urged the White House to remain in the deal in private meetings with administration officials, according to a spokeswoman. But Levi Strauss & Co., which also signed, hasn’t done so. The company “felt we contributed more by adding to the public groundswell of business support for U.S. leadership in the Paris Climate Agreement than we did with private calls,” Andrea Hicklin, a Levi’s spokeswoman, wrote in an email. ELSEWHERE IN CORPORATE ACTIVISM: FWD.us, the immigration policy advocacy group led started by Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg, is partnering with Verizon, Airbnb, Snapchat, Square and other companies to celebrate June as Immigrant Heritage Month, along with a number of Democratic and Republican governors and other officials. THE URBAN PROFILE: “After masterminding President Donald Trump’s crucial 2016 election victory in Pennsylvania, [Dave Urban] has quickly emerged as one of Washington’s most influential lobbyists,” Bloomberg News’ Ben Brody reports. “Urban’s firm, American Continental Group, has already registered 18 new clients this year — six times as many as a year ago — bringing in at least $550,000 in the first three months of 2017.” — “Urban, 53, would seem to fit squarely into what Trump has derided as Washington’s ‘swamp,’ a place where lobbyists earn six- or seven-figure incomes by cajoling former government colleagues on behalf of big business. Yet his name has also surfaced as a possible addition to the White House personnel roster if Trump decides to shake up staffing. … Urban has an ‘unparalleled network of people,’ said Bill Morley, the chief executive officer of the Altrius Group who counts Pfizer Inc. among his lobbying clients. ‘He’s got those relationships all around town.’” Full story. QUOTE OF THE DAY: “Thinking of canceling my alarm service,” Tony Podesta wrote in an email to The New York Times’ Katie Rogers for a story on Barack and Michelle Obama buying the Kalorama home they’d been renting. Podesta lives two doors down from the Obamas. TRUMP ISN’T CAUSING A LOBBYING BOOM (AT LEAST NOT YET): “With a unified Republican government in Washington, lobbyists hoped that 2017 would offer a long-awaited opportunity to push big proposals through Congress — but records do not indicate any large uptick in clients during the early months of the Trump administration,” Roll Call’s Sean McMinn and Kate Ackley report. “Unlike the beginning of Barack Obama’s presidency, lobbying registrations made available by the secretary of the Senate show almost no change from previous years in the number of clients lobbyists started working with early this year. … Lobbyists took on 3,433 clients in 2009 in the months after Obama won his first presidential election — more than double the amount after President Donald Trump won.” Full story. HERALD GROUP ADDS FOUR: The Herald Group is adding four to its public affairs team. Krista Cupp and Sabrina Schaeffer are joining as vice presidents, Maggie Sherouse will be a director and Liam Sullivan will be a senior associate. Cupp previously worked for the National Rifle Association’s Institute for Legislative Action. Schaeffer was previously the executive director of the Independent Women’s Forum. Sherouse previously worked for Edelman and Sullivan comes from Sage Communications. NEW DETAILS ON PRICE’S POTENTIAL CONFLICTS OF INTEREST: Then-Rep. Tom Price (R-Ga.) pressed Australian officials during a trip to the country last year for a provision that would help American pharmaceutical firms if the Trans-Pacific Partnership became a reality, three weeks after buying up to $90,000 in pharmaceutical stocks, ProPublica’s Robert Faturechi reports. “Price’s lobbying abroad, which has not previously been reported, is another example of how his work in Congress could have benefitted his investment portfolio. He traded hundreds of thousands of dollars’ worth of shares in health-related companies while taking action on legislation and regulations affecting the industry.” Full story. CHECK IT OUT: POLITICO Europe has launched a new U.K. Election Tracker app for iPhones. JOBS REPORT: — The Property Casualty Insurance Association of America has added Mona Dooley and Kyle Glenn as assistant vice presidents for federal government relations and Margaret Labno as vice president for tax and accounting policy. Dooley was previously a senior legislative assistant to Rep. Pete King (R-N.Y.). Glenn was previously deputy chief of staff to Rep. Dennis Ross (R-Fla.). Labno was previously assistant vice president for tax at Zurich North America. — Red Banyan has added Kenny Ames as director of client relations. He was previously director of business development for Fireside21. — Former Vice President Joe Biden “has hired Greg Schultz, his political director during his second term as vice president, as the executive director of” his new PAC, American Possibilities, POLITICO’s Edward-Isaac Dovere reports. Biden is biding (sorry) his time as he considers a 2020 presidential run. — The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights is adding three staffers as Vanita Gupta starts her tenure as the group’s new president and chief executive. Kristine Lucius, a veteran of the Senate Judiciary Committee, will be executive vice president for policy. Seema Nanda, who was previously chief of staff to Labor Secretary Tom Perez, will be executive vice president and chief operating officer. And Ashley Allison, who previously worked for Valerie Jarrett in the White House Office of Public Engagement, will be a senior adviser. — Kathleen Kingscott, IBM Research’s vice president for strategic partnerships, has been named the new co-chairwoman of the Task Force on American Innovation, a nonpartisan coalition that supports funding for scientific research. NEW JOINT FUNDRAISERS: None NEW PACs: Engage Georgia (PAC) Winning For Women, Inc. PAC (Unknown) Working Together New Jersey (Super PAC) NEW LOBBYING REGISTRATIONS: Arent Fox LLP: voestalpine Tubulars GmbH & Co KG Brownstein Hyatt Farber Schreck, LLP: DF Advisory Group, LLC Capitol Core Group, Inc.: Renew Financial Group, LLC Capitol Counsel LLC: Save Our Savings, Inc. Capitol Integration: Arnold Magnetic Technologies CGCN Group, LLC (formerly known as Clark Geduldig Cranford & Nielsen, LLC): The Clearing House, LLC. Davidoff Hutcher & Citron, LLP: Ball Chain Manufacturing Co. Doucet Consulting Solutions, LLC: Friedkin Group Innovative Lending Platform Association: Innovative Lending Platform Association Institutional Limited Partners Association: Institutional Limited Partners Association Mr. John A. DeVierno: Safer GVW, Inc. Navigators Global LLC (Formerly DC Navigators, LLC): Picayune Rancheria of Chukchansi Indians Prism Group: Afritec Utilities, Ltd. Raffaniello & Associates: National Automobile Dealers Association Tellurian, Inc.: Tellurian, Inc. Vectis Strategies: Electric Mirror NEW LOBBYING TERMINATIONS: Sederholm Public Affairs, Inc.: Newell Rubbermaid « View Archives Authors: Theodoric Meyer tmeyer@politico.com About The Author Theodoric Meyer covers lobbying for POLITICO and writes the POLITICO Influence newsletter. He previously covered the 2016 campaign for POLITICO and worked as a reporting fellow for ProPublica in New York. He was a lead reporter on ProPublica’s “After the Flood” series on the federal government’s troubled flood insurance program, which won the Deadline Club Award for Local Reporting. He’s a graduate of McGill University and Columbia University’s Graduate School of Journalism. Most Read Putin denies having compromising information on Trump I Fought For a Better Israel Than This POLITICO Influence - POLITICO Archive Friday, 6/2/17 Thursday, 6/1/17 Wednesday, 5/31/17 Tuesday, 5/30/17 Friday, 5/26/17 View the Full POLITICO Influence Archives » Politico Magazine Is Trump Fighting Terrorism? By Daniel Benjamin A Noun, a Verb and Vladimir Putin By Matt Latimer Week 2: Jared’s Time in the Barrel By Jack Shafer I Fought For a Better Israel Than This By Hirsh Goodman More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Jack Shafer On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us: SUBSCRIBE NOW My Profile Log out LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age MenuClose Advertising Age Search Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Video Making Sense of the Connected Life Connected devices from Amazon Echo to smart toothbrushes are taking over, but few of us recognize their real power and potential. Featured Super Bowl Ad Archive Best Places to Work Women to Watch 40 Under 40 Agency Report Leading National Advertisers Tagline Podcast Required Reading The 2017 Marketing Fact Pack Opinion See All DigitalNext The Media Guy Agency Viewpoint Rance Crain Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Log Out Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Now Log Out Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search What Agencies and Brands Expect From Apple's Siri Homecoming By Garett Sloane - 4 hours ago Array 0 Why On-Site Agencies Are Catching on With Clients By Emma Hall - 5 hours ago Array 0 Before You Put Your Ad Business Up for a Pitch, Read This By Mark Wnek - 5 hours ago Array 0 Burger King's McWhopper Proposal Nabs 2017 Grand Effie By Lindsay Stein - 7 hours ago Array 0 How an Esports League Is Changing to Lure Brand Sponsors By E.J. Schultz - 11 hours ago Array 0 Google Chrome Will Automatically Block Annoying Ads By George Slefo - 12 hours ago 0 Gru From 'Despicable Me' Explores His DNA in Ad for 23AndMe By Alexandra Jardine - Yesterday 0 Microsoft Overhauls Skype for the Age of Snapchat 17 hours ago 0 Tiny Toast is Toast: General Mills Benches Brand Name By Jessica Wohl - Yesterday 0 The Short, Happy Life of NBC's New 'Must-See TV' By Anthony Crupi - Yesterday 0 Ad Age's Women to Watch 2017 - 11 hours ago 0 Marketers Struggle With Viewability IRL, Too By Jack Neff - 18 hours ago 0 Ballad of the Sad White Alpha Men By Simon Dumenco - 18 hours ago 0 NBC Wins Broadcast TV's Annual War of Attrition By Anthony Crupi - Yesterday 0 Strahan Reveals Locker Room Secrets (And What He Thinks of Ryan Seacrest) By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 11 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US × Sign In Register Sign In Forgot Password? Once registered, you can: - Read additional free articles each month - Comment on articles and featured creative work - Get our curated newsletters delivered to your inbox Register Now By registering you agree to our privacy policy, terms & conditions and to receive occasional emails from Ad Age. You may unsubscribe at any time. Are you a print subscriber? Activate your account. Anna Rose Holmer Joins RSA, Anonymous Adds Green By Alexandra Jardine. Published on June 01, 2017. Anna Rose Holmer Credit: Tayarisha Poe Most Popular Director Anna Rose Holmer has joined RSA Films for commercial representation. Holmer's directorial feature debut "The Fits" played at both the Venice (2015) and Sundance (2016) Film Festivals and earned her nominations for breakthrough director at the Gotham Awards and best first feature at the Independent Spirit Awards. Her most recent short-form content includes a video for James Blake's "My Willing Heart," featuring a pregnant Natalie Portman, and the original piece, "Moonlight x Alvin Ailey" for the Nowness Just Dance film series that pays homage to Barry Jenkins' "Moonlight." Johnny Green Credit: Anonymous Content Director Johnny Green has joined Anonymous Content for commercial, film and television representation in the U.S. and the U.K. Green has helmed campaigns for global brands including Sony, Honda, Mercedes-Benz, Audi, Under Armour, Hennessy, Guinness and Nike. His work includes Under Armour's "Misty Copeland" commercial and ads for Hennessy out of Droga5. Sorrel Brae Credit: Native Content Native Content has added Sorrel Brae to its directorial roster. Based in New York, he was previously signed with Humble and Anonymous Content and has worked with brands including Proctor & Gamble, the NFL, Mozilla Firefox, Bank of America, American Express and Toyota. His independent short films such as "A Film by Vera Vaughn" and "The Trial of Barnaby Finch" have screened at festivals around the world and were named Vimeo staff picks. Barry Parkhill Credit: The Mill The Mill has appointed Barry Parkhill as managing director of its New York studio. Parkhill succeeds Heather Fullerton, who has moved into the newly created role of chief strategy officer. He joins New York from The Mill's London studio, where he was group commercial director. Previous to joining The Mill, Parkhill worked for XIX Entertainment, where he collaborated with sports, fashion and television brands such as David & Victoria Beckham, Roland Mouret and American Idol, before becoming managing partner in London-based creative agency WCRS, and partner in its parent company Engine. Roberto Serrini Credit: Derby Derby has signed director Roberto Serrini to its roster. Serrini has worked with brands in the fashion, travel, beverage and automotive industries, including Nike, The New York Times, Google, Victoria's Secret, Belvedere Vodka, The Lincoln Motor Company, Adidas and Kate Spade. He started his career as an editor at V2 and Jump before transitioning to Thelab where he was the director of motion media. Lydia Davies Credit: Nylon Studios Music and sound boutique Nylon Studios, which has offices in NYC and Sydney, has signed composer Lydia Davies for global commercial representation. Her work has appeared in film trailers including for "Wonder Woman" and Disney's "Beauty and the Beast." She has also created cinematic tracks for brands such as L'Oreal, New Balance, MTV and Hugo Boss. Brandon Bray Credit: ContagiousLA Contagious L.A. has signed director Brandon Bray for exclusive U.S. representation in branded content. Bray's experience includes film projects and work for Facebook, Verizon, The Pulitzer Center, Ford, DuPont and The World Bank. His latest film, "Erosion," was named "Best Documentary Short" at the 2016 Lower East Side Film Festival in New York City, and an Official Selection at the 2017 Seattle International Film Festival (SIFF). Joachim Zunke Credit: Society L.A. production company Society has added German directo Joachim Zunke to its roster of directors. Berlin-based Zunke, known as JoJo, recently directed the spot "The Thief" for haircare brand Syoss, in conjunction with Walker Zurich. Jan Boon Credit: Oceana Branding Oceana Branding has signed director Jan Boon for exclusive representation in the U.S. for commercials and branded content. Boon isbest known for documentary-style branding, an example being his short for Samsung titled, "The Worst Instagram Ever," which took Gold at last year's Shanghai Film Festival. Anna Rotholz Credit: Spot Welders Bicoastal editorial shop Spot Welders has hired Anna Rotholz as executive producer/head of development in its NYC office. Rotholz brings over a decade of sales experience upon her return to the edit shop. She has worked with industry shops as Believe Media, Uber Content, Imaginary Forces, Whitehouse Post, Union Editorial, Barking Owl Music, Independent Media, O Positive and Biscuit Filmworks. Toronto-based production company Partners Film has launched Budgie Content, an offshoot division dedicated to digital content. Its roster includes Boombox Group, Max Kopanygin, Paul Short, Sophomore, Nomad Republic and Nathan J. Haynes. Day-to-day operations will be handled by Executive Producer Sandy Kelly and sales executive Jill Godbold. Kelly started at Partners Film in 2008 and became the head of production in 2012, while Godbold joined in 2016. Bill Galusha Credit: Leviathan Leviathan has appointed Senior Producer Bill Galusha to its team. Over the past several years, Galusha has produced and curated projects for clients including Google, NASA, Nike, Vice and YouTube. A former producer at Bot & Dolly, and its sister company, Autofuss, Google, and Obscura, his portfolio spans interactive and experiential installations including Prismatic NYC, a permanent kinetic sculpture which hovers just above NYC's Highline Park. In this article: Creativity Production Moves Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Site by AREA 17
null
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Collaborating for a Sustainable Future SOURCE: Domtar DESCRIPTION: The swaths of land that stretch across the southeastern United States are privately held by individual landowners, posing a unique challenge to environmentally-minded companies set on increasing the number of certifed lands. In 2013 Domtar and P&G joined forces, encouraging landowners to certify their lands in order to ensure the health of forests for generations to come.  Recently, Triple Pundit examined the unique collaboration in its article, „For Sustainable Business, Collaboration is the New Competition.” Click here to learn more. Tweet me: .@DomtarEveryday and @ProcterGamble work together to increase #FSC certified forests. 700,000 acres and counting. http://bit.ly/2sobe3U Contact Info: Dan Persica Senior Manager, Sustainability Communications, Pulp & Paper Division Daniel.Persica@domtar.com KEYWORDS: Sustainable Development Goals, Environment, Domtar, P&G, FSC, Responsible Forestry CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Sodium Petroleum Sulfonate Market To Demonstrate Robust Growth Over Next Few Years, With The Biggest Acceleration Coming Market Drivers Next PostNext Privileged Identity Management Market Report Forecasts Healthy Growth by 2022 – Scalar Market Research Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Surfactants Market Driven by Rising Demand for Personal Care Products, Industrial Cleaners,By 2023 Surfactants Market The global surfactants market is fragmented to a considerable degree and features several players with a significant share. Some of the leading players in the global surfactants market are BASF SE, The Dow Chemical Company, Archer Daniels Midland Company, Galaxy Surfactants Limited, Huntsman Corporation, Clariant International Ltd., Evonik Industries AG, P&G Chemicals, Lonza Group Ltd., and Akzo Nobel NV. The steady urbanization across the world is likely to ensure steady demand from several of the leading application segments of the global surfactants market, leading to the market retaining its fragmented competitive landscape in the coming years. Region-specific players could also make a significant market on the global surfactants market in the coming years, as the demand dynamics of the surfactants market are often region-specific. According to Transparency Market Research (TMR), the global surfactants market is expected to reach a valuation of US$28.8 bn by 2023. The market is likely to exhibit a steady 4.20% CAGR between 2015 and 2023. Browse Market Research Report @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/surfactants-market.html Anionic Surfactants to Retain Dominance in Global Surfactants Market The global surfactants market is bifurcated into the major segments of cationic and anionic surfactants on the basis of product type. Of these, anionic surfactants are expected to be the dominant segment in the global surfactants market in the coming years. Anionic surfactants find large-scale use in industrial detergents and cleaners, which has been a key factor in their rising demand. Nevertheless, cationic surfactants are also likely to witness steady demand over the coming years, leading to the product breakdown of the global surfactants market remaining largely unchanged over the forecast period. Non-ionic and amphoteric surfactants are likely to occupy a relatively minor position in the global surfactants market in the coming years. Geographically, the global surfactants market is segmented into Asia Pacific, North America, Latin America, Europe, and the Middle East and Africa. Of these, Asia Pacific is expected to retain its current position as the leading regional contributor to the global surfactants market in the coming years. The rising demand for surfactants from emerging countries such as India, China, Malaysia, Indonesia, and Thailand is a key factor driving the Asia Pacific surfactants market. Fill the form for an exclusive sample of this report @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Nevertheless, The North America surfactants market is also likely to make steady progress over the coming years. The firmly established presence of several leading players in the global surfactants industry in North America is a key factor responsible for the strong growth prospects of the region’s surfactants market. Consistent demand from the industrial sector is likely to help the North America surfactants market’s growth over the forecast period. Apart from these two leaders, Latin America and the Middle East are also likely to make a considerable contribution to the global surfactants market’s growth in the coming years thanks to the rapid urbanization in several countries in these regions. Rising Demand for Personal Care Products Crucial for Global Surfactants Market The global surfactants market is driven primarily by the booming global personal care products sector. Consumers across the world are becoming increasingly conscious about their appearance as well as persona hygiene, leading to rising demand for a variety of personal care products. The demand for skin care and hair care products has also been driven by the rising pollution levels across the world, which is likely to remain a key factor indirectly linked to the global surfactants market. The rapid urbanization in developing economies has also boosted the demand for household detergents, which already hold a leading share in the surfactants market in developed regions. As a result, household detergents are likely to remain the leading application segment of the global surfactants market. On the other hand, the global surfactants market could face a significant roadblock in the form of the steady shift in regulatory frameworks. Some surfactants have been shown to have an adverse effect on human health as well as the environment, which could restrict their demand in regions with strict regulatory frameworks concerning the use of solvent-based detergents. About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insights for decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. TMR’s data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, TMR employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports. Contact Us:- Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ Visit Blog: marketresearchreports2017.blogspot.in This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Media Consulting, Marketing Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious UFU encourages sign up to Walk the Line Initiative Next PostNext Worldwide Cocoa Fillings Industry Expected to Grow at CAGR 6% During 2017 to 2023 Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Hello Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: 5 Dividend Stocks That Pay Out Over $5 Billion a Year These stocks pay a total of more than $45 billion to shareholders each year. Matthew Frankel (TMFMathGuy) Jun 1, 2017 at 8:43AM With the stock market hovering near all-time highs, it can be a smart idea to think a little defensively in your portfolio. However, that doesn't mean you need to give up your growth potential if the market keeps rising. Blue chip dividend stocks have historically performed better than their non-dividend counterparts during tough times, and many have outperformed the overall market over long time periods. With that in mind, here are five of the largest dividend payers in the market, all of which pay out more than $5 billion per year to shareholders and could make excellent additions to your portfolio now. Company Recent Stock Price Dividend Yield Annual Dividends Paid ExxonMobil (NYSE:XOM) $81.55 3.8% $12.9 billion AT&T (NYSE:T) $38.12 5.1% $12.0 billion Wells Fargo (NYSE:WFC) $52.41 2.9% $7.6 billion Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG) $87.25 3.2% $7.2 billion International Business Machines (NYSE:IBM) $152.49 3.9% $5.6 billion Data source: CNBC and author's calculations. Stock prices, dividend yields, and annualized dividend rates are current as of May 29, 2017. Annual dividends paid are calculated by multiplying the current quarterly dividend rate by four, and then multiplying by the number of outstanding shares. 1. ExxonMobil Integrated oil giant ExxonMobil is one of the largest companies in the world, so it should be no surprise that it's also one of the biggest dividend payers. One major reason to like Exxon is for the diversification of its business. The company has operations in offshore and onshore oil drilling, chemicals, refining, and more. And while much of Exxon's revenue suffers when oil prices fall, some areas of the business actually tend to do better. For example, as my Foolish colleague Reuben Gregg Brewer pointed out, 2015 was a terrible year for Exxon's drilling operations, but the company's refining business more than doubled its profits. As far as the dividend goes, Exxon is a member of the Dividend Aristocrats index, having raised its dividend for 34 consecutive years, and pays 3.8% as of this writing. Considering the company's financial strength and profitability, the streak shouldn't be in jeopardy anytime soon. Image source: Getty Images. 2. AT&T Telecom giant AT&T is a favorite stock among dividend-seeking investors, and for good reason -- its 5.1% yield is among the best you'll find from such a stable company. And like Exxon, AT&T has a streak of consecutive dividend increases that exceeds three decades. There are a few good reasons to like AT&T over the long term. For one thing, AT&T has a pending acquisition of Time Warner. That will add all of the latter's content, helping AT&T to keep building a moat around its business, and allowing it to continue to bundle more and more services together -- potentially capturing market share from rivals such as Verizon and Sprint. 3. Wells Fargo Wells Fargo has significantly underperformed the rest of the banking sector over the past nine months or so, as a result of the now-infamous "fake accounts" scandal. This was certainly a major misstep by the bank, and the fallout from the scandal is obvious. The bank's non-interest income has fallen significantly, expenses are up, and the bank's normally strong efficiency ratio has suffered. Having said that, I believe that the effects of the scandal will be temporary. Wells Fargo remains one of the most well-run banks in the world, in terms of risk management, efficiency of operations, and profitability. The bank has consistently delivered better returns on equity and assets than its rivals, while maintaining a relatively low-risk asset portfolio. 4. Procter & Gamble Consumer product giant Procter & Gamble's strength lies in its vast portfolio of well-known brand names, including Gillette, Pampers, Tide, and Downy, just to name a few. To be clear, there certainly are some challenges facing Procter & Gamble going forward. For example, discounted and subscription-based razor competitors such as Dollar Shave Club have cost the Gillette brand market share in recent years. However, the long-term outlook is still strong for P&G shareholders. The company has proactively shed non-core brands to focus on its biggest winners, and has done an excellent job of controlling costs and boosting margins. Finally, Procter & Gamble has one of the longest streaks of consecutive dividend increases in the market at 60 years and counting. 5. International Business Machines It was recently disclosed that Warren Buffett had unloaded about 30% of Berkshire Hathaway's massive stake in International Business Machines, better known as IBM. Buffett said that the company was facing strong competition, and therefore he had valued its stock "somewhat downward." However, don't be too quick to abandon IBM -- Buffett still owns more than 50 million shares of the tech giant, and the central reasons Buffett bought IBM in the first place still apply. For one thing, IBM still has great relationships with large organizations, which not only provide stability to its revenue, but also give the company a strong base on which to grow with new product developments. The business also has "stickiness," meaning that it would cost its customers a lot of money to choose a new provider for the integrated solutions (hardware, software, and services) that IBM provides. Matthew Frankel owns shares of AT&T and BRK-B. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends BRK-B and Verizon Communications. The Motley Fool owns shares of ExxonMobil. The Motley Fool recommends Time Warner. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Matthew Frankel (TMFMathGuy) Matt brought his love of teaching and investing to the Fool in 2012 in order to help people invest better. Matt specializes in writing about the best opportunities in bank stocks, REITs, and personal finance, but loves any investment at the right price. Follow me on Twitter to keep up with all of the best financial coverage! Follow @TMFMathGuy Article Info Jun 1, 2017 at 8:43AM Investment Planning Stocks IBM NYSE:IBM $152.05 down $0.62 (-0.41%) AT&T NYSE:T $38.87 no change (0.00%) Procter & Gamble NYSE:PG $88.59 up $0.46 (0.52%) ExxonMobil NYSE:XOM $79.50 down $-1.20 (-1.49%) Wells Fargo NYSE:WFC $51.81 down $0.27 (-0.52%) Read More 4 Safe Stocks With Dividend Yields Above 5% These 7 Single-Digit P/E Stocks Could Collectively Deliver $600 Billion in Free Cash Flow by 2020 How IBM Spent $84 Billion in 12 Months Here's How to Find the Best Dividend Stocks 2016 Dogs of the Dow: 10 Stocks to Keep Your Eye On Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current 5 Dividend Stocks That Pay Out Over $5 Billion a Year @themotleyfool #stocks $IBM, $T, $PG, $XOM, $WFC
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman MIT Sloan School of Management welcomes inaugural Asia School of Business class to Cambridge campus; Students meet with former governor of Malaysia’s central bank CAMBRIDGE, Mass., June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ — As a part of a six-week program in the United States, the inaugural MBA class of the Asia School of Business (ASB), located in Malaysia and established in collaboration with MIT Sloan School of Management, is visiting the Sloan campus for one month where they will enroll in courses taught by the top-ranked School’s faculty. The ASB students will visit companies in the Boston area and learn about MIT’s innovation and entrepreneurship ecosystem. Their arrival was marked by a visit with Dr. Zeti Akhtar Aziz, the former governor of Bank Negara Malaysia, the nation’s central bank, who is Co-Chair of the ASB Board of Governors. The ASB, which was established in 2015 through collaboration between MIT Sloan and Bank Negara Malaysia, launched its inaugural MBA program in August 2016. The students’ visit exemplifies the ASB’s practice-oriented approach to management, which is one of the hallmarks of MIT Sloan. Through semester long Action Learning projects, students apply business management theories in a broad range of real-world organizational and institutional settings.  During the first year of its 20-month long program, the ASB students embarked on a transformative journey to Malaysia, Timor-Leste, Hong Kong, the Philippines, Cambodia, Vietnam, Thailand, Myanmar, India, and Mexico. They have worked on action learning projects with companies such as Citibank, Prudential, MasterCard, Boeing, Johnson & Johnson, Procter & Gamble, PwC, AirAsia, Morgan Stanley, Google, and Microsoft.  The entire class, accompanied by ASB faculty and staff, kicked off a six-week journey across the U.S. last month, which started with a two-week trek to explore the entrepreneurial environment in Silicon Valley, the public sector in Washington D.C. and the vibrant business scene in New York. The trek has culminated in the four weeks of intense courses at MIT Sloan, being taught by resident MIT Sloan and MIT faculty.  Charles Fine, founding President and Dean of ASB and the Chrysler LGO Professor of Management and Engineering Systems at MIT Sloan, says, „Just as MIT transformed Cambridge, Massachusetts from an industrial zone into a vibrant destination for high tech, bio tech, disruptive entrepreneurship, and world-class academia, ASB aims to do the same in the region. We simply want to turbocharge the ecosystem.” Loredana Padurean, Associate Dean at ASB, and International Faculty Fellow at MIT Sloan, adds, „Action Learning is at the core of the curriculum, and is the ASB’s differentiating factor. Our students spend, on average, four weeks each semester working on-site with different companies on live projects across South East Asia. They can immediately apply what they’ve learned into those businesses.” The ASB MBA cohort is comprised of 47 talented and unconventional students from 26 industries, six continents and 13 countries: Malaysia, the U.S., Russia, the Philippines, Mexico, Brazil, Nigeria, Cote D’Ivoire, South Africa, India, Pakistan, Australia, and Peru. Commenting on the upcoming coursework at MIT Sloan, Katherine Taylor Robinson, 24, ASB MBA ’18, from New Orleans, says: „Coming here has allowed me to reflect on how my perspective has changed because of the ASB: I’m more globally-aware and introspective than ever before. I have already started applying my learning at MIT Sloan to issues such as the refugee crisis and economic development. As part of my visit to MIT Sloan, I’ve met with former UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, and Jim Womack, the father of lean manufacturing.” Crystal Cha, 27, ASB MBA ’18, from Malaysia, adds: „I am grateful to have had such an immersive learning experience at MIT Sloan. The visit was the turning point in my MBA journey. Different subjects such as corporate finance and entrepreneurship have started to click into place. I was also able to reflect on the early stages of my career, and see, clearly, how I could have approached situations from a different perspective.”  S.P. Kothari, the Gordon Y Billard Professor of Accounting and Finance at MIT Sloan, who has taught the ASB students and serves on the ASB Board of Governors, shares his enthusiasm and confidence in the quality of the ASB students. „The students excelled in their enthusiasm, communication, class participation skills, and attitude. The diversity of ethnic and geo-political backgrounds is impressive. The overall intelligence and leadership potential is among the best I have seen in my 30 years of teaching MBA students in the U.S. and elsewhere in the world,” he says. Dr. Aziz’s vision is to build a school that is Asian in focus and global in its population of students, staff, faculty, and its impact. „As Asia becomes more integrated with the rest of the world, there is increased interest for a greater understanding of Asia—the economies, the businesses and the people of the region,” she says. „The establishment of the ASB is based on our conviction that the next generation of talent needs to recognize and understand the dynamics and dimensions of this phenomenon.” The inaugural ASB student class’ arrival in Cambridge is a successful extension of the relationship between MIT Sloan and the ASB communities. These exchanges aim to increase MIT Sloan’s knowledge of ASEAN, and deepen its ties with the worldwide academic community. „We are all excited to be part of something new,” says Ponce Ernest Samaniego, 27, ASB MBA ’18, who is from the Philippines. „Together, we are building a top business school, and a legacy. We are changing Asia—one of the fastest-growing and most exciting regions in the world.” The MIT Sloan School of Management is where smart, independent leaders come together to solve problems, create new organizations, and improve the world. Learn more at http://mitsloan.mit.edu/. For further information, contact: Paul Denning Director of Media Relations 617-253-0576   denning@mit.edu   Patricia Favreau Associate Director of Media Relations 617-253-3492  pfavreau@mit.edu To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/mit-sloan-school-of-management-welcomes-inaugural-asia-school-of-business-class-to-cambridge-campus-students-meet-with-former-governor-of-malaysias-central-bank-300466666.html SOURCE MIT Sloan School of Management Related Links http://mitsloan.mit.edu/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsAsian American Post navigation Previous PostPrevious IoT Platform market to grow at a CAGR 31.79% to 2021 according to new research report Next PostNext Colorescience® Wins 2017 STAR Suncare Award Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman MIT Sloan School of Management welcomes inaugural Asia School of Business class to Cambridge campus; Students meet with former governor of Malaysia’s central bank CAMBRIDGE, Mass., June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ — As a part of a six-week program in the United States, the inaugural MBA class of the Asia School of Business (ASB), located in Malaysia and established in collaboration with MIT Sloan School of Management, is visiting the Sloan campus for one month where they will enroll in courses taught by the top-ranked School’s faculty. The ASB students will visit companies in the Boston area and learn about MIT’s innovation and entrepreneurship ecosystem. Their arrival was marked by a visit with Dr. Zeti Akhtar Aziz, the former governor of Bank Negara Malaysia, the nation’s central bank, who is Co-Chair of the ASB Board of Governors. The ASB, which was established in 2015 through collaboration between MIT Sloan and Bank Negara Malaysia, launched its inaugural MBA program in August 2016. The students’ visit exemplifies the ASB’s practice-oriented approach to management, which is one of the hallmarks of MIT Sloan. Through semester long Action Learning projects, students apply business management theories in a broad range of real-world organizational and institutional settings.  During the first year of its 20-month long program, the ASB students embarked on a transformative journey to Malaysia, Timor-Leste, Hong Kong, the Philippines, Cambodia, Vietnam, Thailand, Myanmar, India, and Mexico. They have worked on action learning projects with companies such as Citibank, Prudential, MasterCard, Boeing, Johnson & Johnson, Procter & Gamble, PwC, AirAsia, Morgan Stanley, Google, and Microsoft.  The entire class, accompanied by ASB faculty and staff, kicked off a six-week journey across the U.S. last month, which started with a two-week trek to explore the entrepreneurial environment in Silicon Valley, the public sector in Washington D.C. and the vibrant business scene in New York. The trek has culminated in the four weeks of intense courses at MIT Sloan, being taught by resident MIT Sloan and MIT faculty.  Charles Fine, founding President and Dean of ASB and the Chrysler LGO Professor of Management and Engineering Systems at MIT Sloan, says, „Just as MIT transformed Cambridge, Massachusetts from an industrial zone into a vibrant destination for high tech, bio tech, disruptive entrepreneurship, and world-class academia, ASB aims to do the same in the region. We simply want to turbocharge the ecosystem.” Loredana Padurean, Associate Dean at ASB, and International Faculty Fellow at MIT Sloan, adds, „Action Learning is at the core of the curriculum, and is the ASB’s differentiating factor. Our students spend, on average, four weeks each semester working on-site with different companies on live projects across South East Asia. They can immediately apply what they’ve learned into those businesses.” The ASB MBA cohort is comprised of 47 talented and unconventional students from 26 industries, six continents and 13 countries: Malaysia, the U.S., Russia, the Philippines, Mexico, Brazil, Nigeria, Cote D’Ivoire, South Africa, India, Pakistan, Australia, and Peru. Commenting on the upcoming coursework at MIT Sloan, Katherine Taylor Robinson, 24, ASB MBA ’18, from New Orleans, says: „Coming here has allowed me to reflect on how my perspective has changed because of the ASB: I’m more globally-aware and introspective than ever before. I have already started applying my learning at MIT Sloan to issues such as the refugee crisis and economic development. As part of my visit to MIT Sloan, I’ve met with former UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, and Jim Womack, the father of lean manufacturing.” Crystal Cha, 27, ASB MBA ’18, from Malaysia, adds: „I am grateful to have had such an immersive learning experience at MIT Sloan. The visit was the turning point in my MBA journey. Different subjects such as corporate finance and entrepreneurship have started to click into place. I was also able to reflect on the early stages of my career, and see, clearly, how I could have approached situations from a different perspective.”  S.P. Kothari, the Gordon Y Billard Professor of Accounting and Finance at MIT Sloan, who has taught the ASB students and serves on the ASB Board of Governors, shares his enthusiasm and confidence in the quality of the ASB students. „The students excelled in their enthusiasm, communication, class participation skills, and attitude. The diversity of ethnic and geo-political backgrounds is impressive. The overall intelligence and leadership potential is among the best I have seen in my 30 years of teaching MBA students in the U.S. and elsewhere in the world,” he says. Dr. Aziz’s vision is to build a school that is Asian in focus and global in its population of students, staff, faculty, and its impact. „As Asia becomes more integrated with the rest of the world, there is increased interest for a greater understanding of Asia—the economies, the businesses and the people of the region,” she says. „The establishment of the ASB is based on our conviction that the next generation of talent needs to recognize and understand the dynamics and dimensions of this phenomenon.” The inaugural ASB student class’ arrival in Cambridge is a successful extension of the relationship between MIT Sloan and the ASB communities. These exchanges aim to increase MIT Sloan’s knowledge of ASEAN, and deepen its ties with the worldwide academic community. „We are all excited to be part of something new,” says Ponce Ernest Samaniego, 27, ASB MBA ’18, who is from the Philippines. „Together, we are building a top business school, and a legacy. We are changing Asia—one of the fastest-growing and most exciting regions in the world.” The MIT Sloan School of Management is where smart, independent leaders come together to solve problems, create new organizations, and improve the world. Learn more at http://mitsloan.mit.edu/. For further information, contact: Paul Denning Director of Media Relations 617-253-0576   denning@mit.edu   Patricia Favreau Associate Director of Media Relations 617-253-3492  pfavreau@mit.edu To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/mit-sloan-school-of-management-welcomes-inaugural-asia-school-of-business-class-to-cambridge-campus-students-meet-with-former-governor-of-malaysias-central-bank-300466666.html SOURCE MIT Sloan School of Management Related Links http://mitsloan.mit.edu/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsAsian American Post navigation Previous PostPrevious IoT Platform market to grow at a CAGR 31.79% to 2021 according to new research report Next PostNext Colorescience® Wins 2017 STAR Suncare Award Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman MIT Sloan School of Management welcomes inaugural Asia School of Business class to Cambridge campus; Students meet with former governor of Malaysia’s central bank CAMBRIDGE, Mass., June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ — As a part of a six-week program in the United States, the inaugural MBA class of the Asia School of Business (ASB), located in Malaysia and established in collaboration with MIT Sloan School of Management, is visiting the Sloan campus for one month where they will enroll in courses taught by the top-ranked School’s faculty. The ASB students will visit companies in the Boston area and learn about MIT’s innovation and entrepreneurship ecosystem. Their arrival was marked by a visit with Dr. Zeti Akhtar Aziz, the former governor of Bank Negara Malaysia, the nation’s central bank, who is Co-Chair of the ASB Board of Governors. The ASB, which was established in 2015 through collaboration between MIT Sloan and Bank Negara Malaysia, launched its inaugural MBA program in August 2016. The students’ visit exemplifies the ASB’s practice-oriented approach to management, which is one of the hallmarks of MIT Sloan. Through semester long Action Learning projects, students apply business management theories in a broad range of real-world organizational and institutional settings.  During the first year of its 20-month long program, the ASB students embarked on a transformative journey to Malaysia, Timor-Leste, Hong Kong, the Philippines, Cambodia, Vietnam, Thailand, Myanmar, India, and Mexico. They have worked on action learning projects with companies such as Citibank, Prudential, MasterCard, Boeing, Johnson & Johnson, Procter & Gamble, PwC, AirAsia, Morgan Stanley, Google, and Microsoft.  The entire class, accompanied by ASB faculty and staff, kicked off a six-week journey across the U.S. last month, which started with a two-week trek to explore the entrepreneurial environment in Silicon Valley, the public sector in Washington D.C. and the vibrant business scene in New York. The trek has culminated in the four weeks of intense courses at MIT Sloan, being taught by resident MIT Sloan and MIT faculty.  Charles Fine, founding President and Dean of ASB and the Chrysler LGO Professor of Management and Engineering Systems at MIT Sloan, says, „Just as MIT transformed Cambridge, Massachusetts from an industrial zone into a vibrant destination for high tech, bio tech, disruptive entrepreneurship, and world-class academia, ASB aims to do the same in the region. We simply want to turbocharge the ecosystem.” Loredana Padurean, Associate Dean at ASB, and International Faculty Fellow at MIT Sloan, adds, „Action Learning is at the core of the curriculum, and is the ASB’s differentiating factor. Our students spend, on average, four weeks each semester working on-site with different companies on live projects across South East Asia. They can immediately apply what they’ve learned into those businesses.” The ASB MBA cohort is comprised of 47 talented and unconventional students from 26 industries, six continents and 13 countries: Malaysia, the U.S., Russia, the Philippines, Mexico, Brazil, Nigeria, Cote D’Ivoire, South Africa, India, Pakistan, Australia, and Peru. Commenting on the upcoming coursework at MIT Sloan, Katherine Taylor Robinson, 24, ASB MBA ’18, from New Orleans, says: „Coming here has allowed me to reflect on how my perspective has changed because of the ASB: I’m more globally-aware and introspective than ever before. I have already started applying my learning at MIT Sloan to issues such as the refugee crisis and economic development. As part of my visit to MIT Sloan, I’ve met with former UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, and Jim Womack, the father of lean manufacturing.” Crystal Cha, 27, ASB MBA ’18, from Malaysia, adds: „I am grateful to have had such an immersive learning experience at MIT Sloan. The visit was the turning point in my MBA journey. Different subjects such as corporate finance and entrepreneurship have started to click into place. I was also able to reflect on the early stages of my career, and see, clearly, how I could have approached situations from a different perspective.”  S.P. Kothari, the Gordon Y Billard Professor of Accounting and Finance at MIT Sloan, who has taught the ASB students and serves on the ASB Board of Governors, shares his enthusiasm and confidence in the quality of the ASB students. „The students excelled in their enthusiasm, communication, class participation skills, and attitude. The diversity of ethnic and geo-political backgrounds is impressive. The overall intelligence and leadership potential is among the best I have seen in my 30 years of teaching MBA students in the U.S. and elsewhere in the world,” he says. Dr. Aziz’s vision is to build a school that is Asian in focus and global in its population of students, staff, faculty, and its impact. „As Asia becomes more integrated with the rest of the world, there is increased interest for a greater understanding of Asia—the economies, the businesses and the people of the region,” she says. „The establishment of the ASB is based on our conviction that the next generation of talent needs to recognize and understand the dynamics and dimensions of this phenomenon.” The inaugural ASB student class’ arrival in Cambridge is a successful extension of the relationship between MIT Sloan and the ASB communities. These exchanges aim to increase MIT Sloan’s knowledge of ASEAN, and deepen its ties with the worldwide academic community. „We are all excited to be part of something new,” says Ponce Ernest Samaniego, 27, ASB MBA ’18, who is from the Philippines. „Together, we are building a top business school, and a legacy. We are changing Asia—one of the fastest-growing and most exciting regions in the world.” The MIT Sloan School of Management is where smart, independent leaders come together to solve problems, create new organizations, and improve the world. Learn more at http://mitsloan.mit.edu/. For further information, contact: Paul Denning Director of Media Relations 617-253-0576   denning@mit.edu   Patricia Favreau Associate Director of Media Relations 617-253-3492  pfavreau@mit.edu To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/mit-sloan-school-of-management-welcomes-inaugural-asia-school-of-business-class-to-cambridge-campus-students-meet-with-former-governor-of-malaysias-central-bank-300466666.html SOURCE MIT Sloan School of Management Related Links http://mitsloan.mit.edu/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsAsian American Post navigation Previous PostPrevious IoT Platform market to grow at a CAGR 31.79% to 2021 according to new research report Next PostNext Colorescience® Wins 2017 STAR Suncare Award Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi MIT Sloan School of Management welcomes inaugural Asia School of Business class to Cambridge campus; Students meet with former governor of Malaysia's central bank Month-long visit illustrates ASB's practice-oriented approach to management and ties with MIT Sloan community News provided by MIT Sloan School of Management 01 Jun, 2017, 07:30 ET Share this article CAMBRIDGE, Mass., June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- As a part of a six-week program in the United States, the inaugural MBA class of the Asia School of Business (ASB), located in Malaysia and established in collaboration with MIT Sloan School of Management, is visiting the Sloan campus for one month where they will enroll in courses taught by the top-ranked School's faculty. The ASB students will visit companies in the Boston area and learn about MIT's innovation and entrepreneurship ecosystem. Their arrival was marked by a visit with Dr. Zeti Akhtar Aziz, the former governor of Bank Negara Malaysia, the nation's central bank, who is Co-Chair of the ASB Board of Governors. The ASB, which was established in 2015 through collaboration between MIT Sloan and Bank Negara Malaysia, launched its inaugural MBA program in August 2016. The students' visit exemplifies the ASB's practice-oriented approach to management, which is one of the hallmarks of MIT Sloan. Through semester long Action Learning projects, students apply business management theories in a broad range of real-world organizational and institutional settings.  During the first year of its 20-month long program, the ASB students embarked on a transformative journey to Malaysia, Timor-Leste, Hong Kong, the Philippines, Cambodia, Vietnam, Thailand, Myanmar, India, and Mexico. They have worked on action learning projects with companies such as Citibank, Prudential, MasterCard, Boeing, Johnson & Johnson, Procter & Gamble, PwC, AirAsia, Morgan Stanley, Google, and Microsoft.  The entire class, accompanied by ASB faculty and staff, kicked off a six-week journey across the U.S. last month, which started with a two-week trek to explore the entrepreneurial environment in Silicon Valley, the public sector in Washington D.C. and the vibrant business scene in New York. The trek has culminated in the four weeks of intense courses at MIT Sloan, being taught by resident MIT Sloan and MIT faculty.  Charles Fine, founding President and Dean of ASB and the Chrysler LGO Professor of Management and Engineering Systems at MIT Sloan, says, "Just as MIT transformed Cambridge, Massachusetts from an industrial zone into a vibrant destination for high tech, bio tech, disruptive entrepreneurship, and world-class academia, ASB aims to do the same in the region. We simply want to turbocharge the ecosystem." Loredana Padurean, Associate Dean at ASB, and International Faculty Fellow at MIT Sloan, adds, "Action Learning is at the core of the curriculum, and is the ASB's differentiating factor. Our students spend, on average, four weeks each semester working on-site with different companies on live projects across South East Asia. They can immediately apply what they've learned into those businesses." The ASB MBA cohort is comprised of 47 talented and unconventional students from 26 industries, six continents and 13 countries: Malaysia, the U.S., Russia, the Philippines, Mexico, Brazil, Nigeria, Cote D'Ivoire, South Africa, India, Pakistan, Australia, and Peru. Commenting on the upcoming coursework at MIT Sloan, Katherine Taylor Robinson, 24, ASB MBA '18, from New Orleans, says: "Coming here has allowed me to reflect on how my perspective has changed because of the ASB: I'm more globally-aware and introspective than ever before. I have already started applying my learning at MIT Sloan to issues such as the refugee crisis and economic development. As part of my visit to MIT Sloan, I've met with former UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, and Jim Womack, the father of lean manufacturing." Crystal Cha, 27, ASB MBA '18, from Malaysia, adds: "I am grateful to have had such an immersive learning experience at MIT Sloan. The visit was the turning point in my MBA journey. Different subjects such as corporate finance and entrepreneurship have started to click into place. I was also able to reflect on the early stages of my career, and see, clearly, how I could have approached situations from a different perspective."  S.P. Kothari, the Gordon Y Billard Professor of Accounting and Finance at MIT Sloan, who has taught the ASB students and serves on the ASB Board of Governors, shares his enthusiasm and confidence in the quality of the ASB students. "The students excelled in their enthusiasm, communication, class participation skills, and attitude. The diversity of ethnic and geo-political backgrounds is impressive. The overall intelligence and leadership potential is among the best I have seen in my 30 years of teaching MBA students in the U.S. and elsewhere in the world," he says. Dr. Aziz's vision is to build a school that is Asian in focus and global in its population of students, staff, faculty, and its impact. "As Asia becomes more integrated with the rest of the world, there is increased interest for a greater understanding of Asia—the economies, the businesses and the people of the region," she says. "The establishment of the ASB is based on our conviction that the next generation of talent needs to recognize and understand the dynamics and dimensions of this phenomenon." The inaugural ASB student class' arrival in Cambridge is a successful extension of the relationship between MIT Sloan and the ASB communities. These exchanges aim to increase MIT Sloan's knowledge of ASEAN, and deepen its ties with the worldwide academic community. "We are all excited to be part of something new," says Ponce Ernest Samaniego, 27, ASB MBA '18, who is from the Philippines. "Together, we are building a top business school, and a legacy. We are changing Asia—one of the fastest-growing and most exciting regions in the world." The MIT Sloan School of Management is where smart, independent leaders come together to solve problems, create new organizations, and improve the world. Learn more at http://mitsloan.mit.edu/. For further information, contact: Paul Denning Director of Media Relations 617-253-0576   denning@mit.edu   Patricia Favreau Associate Director of Media Relations 617-253-3492  pfavreau@mit.edu To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/mit-sloan-school-of-management-welcomes-inaugural-asia-school-of-business-class-to-cambridge-campus-students-meet-with-former-governor-of-malaysias-central-bank-300466666.html SOURCE MIT Sloan School of Management Related Links http://mitsloan.mit.edu/ 18 May, 2017, 14:30 ET Preview: Lightmatter, a startup using light to accelerate artificial intelligence, wins the 2017 MIT $100K Entrepreneurship Competition My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 15 May, 2017, 07:30 ET Lightmatter, a startup using light to accelerate artificial... 15 May, 2017, 07:30 ET Data Made to Matter: MIT Sloan's new podcast explores how... Explore More news releases in similar topics Banking & Financial Services Education You just read: MIT Sloan School of Management welcomes inaugural Asia School of Business class to Cambridge campus; Students meet with former governor of Malaysia's central bank News provided by MIT Sloan School of Management 01 Jun, 2017, 07:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Admap Prize Winners Announced LONDON, June 1, 2017 – (ACN Newswire) – The winners of WARC’s annual global Admap Prize 2017, an essay contest that encourages and rewards individual excellence in strategic thinking in brand communications, are revealed. Based on the topic ‚How Should TV and Social Media Be Used to Maximum Effect?’ entrants were asked to address the current re-evaluation by many brands on how traditional media and new media fit together in the marketing landscape. Colin Grimshaw, editor of Admap, organiser of the prize says: „We are delighted with the response to this year’s Admap contest, now in its sixth year. We were impressed by the volume and quality of the essays submitted based on the topic motivated by P&G’s famous declaration last year of an about-face in its marketing strategy, which has prompted many brands into re-thinking their ad budgets.” Mandy Pooler, chief marketing officer for Kantar, sponsor of the Admap Prize, comments: „It is established that multichannel campaigns are more effective than single-channel, yet how brands marry TV and social continues to be a challenge. Knowledge of exactly how people consume media and subsequently act is key to the solution.” Judged by a panel of the industry’s foremost thought leaders, seven winning authors were selected offering widely different solutions. Commenting on this year’s essays, judge Gemma Craven, SVP, Director Social & Mobile of McCann New York says: „The Admap Prize topic is one of the primary challenges facing our industry today. The essays were thought-provoking, diverse and very well researched. There were different opinions on how TV and social should work together, but the clear message was that we spend much time on short-term, knee-jerk approaches to creating buzz and much less time on building long-term success via well-structured programmes.” Winning Gold and a $5,000 prize cheque, Thomas Henry, Senior Strategist at Mother New York, USA, in his top award-winning essay titled ‚Why we’re all wasting our time’, comes down forcefully on the side of TV over social for long-term brand growth. Admap Prize judge Jason Burby, President of Americas at POSSIBLE says: „Whether you believe that TV is the core and future of all marketing, the Gold Award-winning essay tells a compelling story about marketers over-focusing on short-term wins at the expense of considering long-term brand growth. It reminds us that no matter the channel, we as marketers must be focusing on the long-term impact, and that a combination of TV and digital channels leads to improved performance and impact.” The six other winners of the Admap Prize 2017 are: Silver Award: Kyle Findlay of Kantar Innovation, South Africa, for ‚Holistic strategies require a bird’s eye view’ Bronze Award: Matthew Turner, United Kingdom, for ‚Social is the solution to marketing’s esprit de l’escalier moments’ Bronze Award: Charlie Ebdy of Vizeum, United Kingdom, for ‚Screen Wipe: Why social media is slowly killing TV and how it could help transform advertising for the better’ Three Judges’ Commended Awards are awarded to: Gareth Price of The Social Partners, United Kingdom, for ‚Bridging the gap between activation and fame’; Jon Reay of e3 Media, United Kingdom, for ‚Standalone TV ads are nothing than creative indulgence’; and Satish Pai, India, for ‚The tipping points’. The winners will be presented with their awards at an Admap event in Cannes on Wednesday 21 June during which members of the Admap jury and senior industry experts will discuss burning issues around the marriage of TV and social and debate over short-term and long-term marketing strategy, To attend this free event, register at http://content.warc.com/register-for-warcs-session-in-cannes-admap-prize-2017-event. All award-winning essays are published in the June edition of Admap magazine and at www.warc.com/AdmapPrize.prize. About Admap Prize The Admap Prize is an essay contest that encourages and rewards individual excellence in strategic thinking in brand communications. Essays are judged by a panel of the industry’s foremost thought leaders. The Admap Prize is a unique opportunity for entrants to get recognition for the quality of their strategic ideas. Essays for the Admap Prize need to be rooted in practical application to marketing challenges/opportunities, and address a specific marketing category. The Admap Prize is free to enter, with a $5,000 cash prize to the author of the Gold-awarded essay. About WARC – advertising evidence, insights and best practice WARC.com is an online service offering advertising best practice, evidence and insights from the world’s leading brands. WARC helps clients grow their businesses by using proven approaches to maximise advertising effectiveness. WARC’s clients include the world’s largest advertising and media agencies, research companies, universities and advertisers. In addition to The WARC Innovation Awards, WARC runs three other case study competitions: The WARC Prize for Asian Strategy, The WARC Media Awards and The WARC Awards. WARC also publishes leading journals including Admap, Market Leader, the Journal of Advertising Research and the International Journal of the Market Research Society. In addition to its own content, WARC features advertising case studies and best practices from more than 50 respected industry sources, including: ARF, Effies, Cannes Lions, ESOMAR and IPA. Founded in 1985, WARC is privately owned and has offices in the UK, U.S. and Singapore. Contact: 
Amanda Benfell
PR Manager, WARC
Email: [email protected]
Tel: +44 (0) 20 7467 8125
 Source: WARC Topic: Press release summary Sectors: Media, Advertising http://www.acnnewswire.com From the Asia Corporate News Network Copyright © 2017 ACN Newswire. All rights reserved. A division of Asia Corporate News Network. CategoriesUncategorized TagsMedia, Advertising Post navigation Previous PostPrevious ASM Launches New North American Division Next PostNext D-Biotin Market Trends, Top Manufactures, Market Demands, Industry Growth Analysis & Forecast: 2021 Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
South Africa   Madagascar   Malawi   Mali   Mauritius   Morocco   Mozambique   Namibia   Niger   Nigeria   Rwanda   Senegal   Seychelles   Sierra Leone   Somalia   South Africa   South Sudan   Sudan   Swaziland   Tanzania   Togo   Tunisia   Uganda   Zambia   Zimbabwe Africa North Africa West Africa East Africa Central Africa Southern Africa International   Algeria   Angola   Benin   Botswana   Burkina Faso   Burundi   Cameroon   Chad   Cote D'Ivoire   DR Congo   Egypt   Ethiopia   Ghana   Guinea   Kenya   Lesotho   LibyaMarketing & MediaMarketing & MediaMarketing All industries Marketing & Media South Africa Marketing & Media Africa International Agriculture, Horticulture & Forestry Automotive Building & Construction CSI & Sustainability Education & Training Energy & Mining Finance & Insurance Healthcare Human Resources & Recruitment IT & Telecommunications Legal Lifestyle & Entertainment Logistics & Transport Manufacturing Property & Real Estate Retail Tourism, Travel & Hospitality Advertising Branding Cinema CRM CSI Design Digital Direct Marketing Education & Training Entrepreneurship Events & Conferencing Exhibitions Magazines Marketing Media Mobile New Campaigns Newspapers Online Media Out of Home PR & Communications Printing Production Promotions Publishing Radio Recruitment Research Retail Sales Social Media Sponsorship TV Youth Marketing All Articles Companies Events Galleries Jobs People Rate Card Submit Contact Africa All industries Agriculture Automotive Building CSI & Sustainability Education Energy & Mining Finance Healthcare HR ICT Legal Lifestyle Logistics & Transport Manufacturing Marketing & Media Property Retail Tourism Africa North Africa West Africa East Africa Central Africa Southern Africa   Algeria   Angola   Benin   Botswana   Burkina Faso   Burundi   Cameroon   Chad   Cote D'Ivoire   DR Congo   Egypt   Ethiopia   Ghana   Guinea   Kenya   Lesotho   Libya   Madagascar   Malawi   Mali   Mauritius   Morocco   Mozambique   Namibia   Niger   Nigeria   Rwanda   Senegal   Seychelles   Sierra Leone   Somalia   South Africa   South Sudan   Sudan   Swaziland   Tanzania   Togo   Tunisia   Uganda   Zambia   Zimbabwe International Agriculture Automotive Building CSI & Sustainability Education Energy & Mining Finance Healthcare HR ICT Legal Lifestyle Logistics & Transport Manufacturing Marketing & Media Property Retail Tourism All Agriculture Agri Tech Agribusiness Agro-processing Aquaculture Commercial Fishing Commodities & Fairtrade Fertilisers & GMOs Food Security Forestry Horticulture Sustainability Trends Urban Agriculture All Automotive Maintenance & Safety Manufacturing & Parts Motorcycles Motoring Reviews Motorsport Petrochemical Retail & Rental Trends All Building Architecture & Design Building Materials & Equipment Construction & Engineering Property Development Smart Buildings & Cities Sustainable Development Trends Utilities All CSI & Sustainability Circular Economy Climate Change Education & Training Environment & Natural Resources Food, Water & Energy Security Health & Welfare Inclusion & Equality Infrastructure and Technology Pollution & Waste Management Sustainability Month Trends All Education Distance Learning E-learning Higher Education Primary & Secondary Education Skills Training Trends All Energy & Mining Energy Markets & Investment Mining Nuclear Power Renewables & Energy Efficiency Science & Engineering Trends All Finance Accounting & Auditing Banking Budget Speech Education & Training Financial Services Fintech Insurance & Actuarial Markets & Investment Taxation & Regulation Trends Venture Capital All Healthcare Aesthetic Medicine Cardiology Chronic Diseases CSI Dentistry Disease Groups Ear, Nose & Throat Emergency Procedures Ethical Medicines Exercise Science Exhibitions & Events Financial Services Food Crisis Gastroenterology Generic Medicines HIV/AIDS Hospital Groups Infectious Diseases Malaria Medical Aid Medical Research Medical Technology Mental health Neurology NPO Nutrition Obstetrics & Gynaecology Oncology Ophthalmology Orthopaedics Paediatrics Palliative care Pharmaceutical Companies Pharmaceuticals Public Health Sports Science Surgical Equipment & Products Surgical Procedures Trends Tuberculosis Women's Health All HR Entrepreneurship HR Tools & Software Labour Law & Unions Management Skills Development & Training Talent Acquisition Trends All ICT App and website development Cloud Computing Cyber Security Data Management Hardware Internet Network Services Software Tech Startups Technology Telecommunications Trends All Legal Competition Law Corporate & Commercial Law Criminal Law Cyber Law Environmental Law Immigration & Citizenship Law Labour Law Land & Property Law Law of Succession Law Practice Legislation Media & Entertainment Law Medical Law Public Liability Tax Law Trends All Lifestyle Art Events Fashion Food & Wine Movies Music Sport Theatre Travel Trends Wellness Win All Logistics & Transport Aviation Cargo & Storage Distribution Fleet Management Public Transport Railway Shipping Supply Chain Transport Trends Warehousing All Manufacturing Industrial automation Machinery Manufacturing Trends All Marketing & Media Advertising Branding Cinema CRM CSI Design Digital Direct Marketing Education Entrepreneurship Events & Conferencing Exhibitions Magazines Marketing Media Mobile New Campaigns Newspapers Online Media OOH PR & Communications Printing Production Promotions Publishing Radio Recruitment Research Retail Sales Social Media Sponsorship TV Youth Marketing In the news Enquire about a company press office All Property Commercial Property Industrial Property Market & Investments Property Management Rental Residential Trends All Retail Banking & Finance CGF Global Summit Cold Chain Commercial Property CRM CSI E-commerce eCommerce Awards Exhibitions & Events Fashion, Clothing & Textiles FMCG Franchising Green Sustainability Health & Safety Hospitality Import/Export In-store Media Informal Retailing Manufacturing Merchandising Packaging Refrigeration Regulatory Research Retail Marketing Retail Services Retailers Sales Security Shopfitting Supply Chain Technology Training Trends All Tourism Accommodation Air Travel Catering Food Services Hospitality MICE Restaurant Supply Tourism Tourism & Travel Campaigns Tours Travel Trends Marketing News Menu News MyBiz Press offices Jobs Events Contributors People directory Companies Multimedia News My Biz Press offices Jobs Events Contributors People Companies Multimedia News Company news In briefs New appointments New business Newsletter archive Most read articles Submit news My newsfeed My profile Edit my profile My CV My favourites My portfolio/showcase My followers Following people Press office news Press offices Press office listings Press office info My press office Open a Biz Press Office Jobs offered Jobs wanted My saved jobs My CV Recruiters Companies recruiting Submit a job advert Recruitment login Submit a job Industry events Workshops Other Calendar Submit event Articles Contributors A-Z Contribute Find people People you may know Invite people Edit my profile Company listings Associations My company Press office companies Get a company listing Video Audio Galleries Images Submit your media News Company news In briefs New appointments New business Latest newsletter Most read Subscribe to industry newsletters Top stories #Loeries2017: Jury president jabber with Pum LefebureLeigh Andrews Facebook, Google crack down on hate speech: EU #IMC2017: Creatives on effective storytellingLeigh Andrews #IMCConf 2017: Cracking big ideas in the cognitive eraLeigh Andrews Inaugural Africa Shared Value Summit shifts perceptions on business as usual Digital Signage Summit Europe 2017 introduces DooH, Smart Cities, retail applications Grey Africa nabs third spot at the Creative Circle Awards Pope Francis ahead of Trump, Modi on Twitter Red Cherry Interactive produces new season of Boxer Super Shopper Show ABC Notice No 3 2017 #Winning with the new Cadbury P.S. bar Customer care consultant now aspiring events managerNana Zuke Senior appointment at Sekunjalo Investment Holdings Growing brand belief to new heights Lions Health announces programme Seven creative economy trends from Saco Conference Adventurous filmographers can enter Cape Union Mart Adventure Film Challenge Facebook, Instagram research into gender bias 2017 Mobile 360 - Africa open for registration CityVarsity students shine at the Arnold Classic Africa sports eventNana ZukeMore Top stories news...  Submit news Bizcommunity has over 400 industry contributors and we always welcome further contributions and contributors. Submit news Riverbed's PR team expansion aligned to agency growth 31 May 2017 | Save | Email | Print |  PDF    By: Michelle Cave, Issued by: Riverbed The month of May saw Riverbed, leading female, black-owned and -managed, integrated communications agency, boost its public relations team with the appointments of Sibongile Modiba and Mpho Singo. Sibongile (left) and Mpho (right)Joining as account director after 13 years of industry experience, Sibongile brings her strength in strategy and reputation management to the agency. She holds a National Diploma in Public Relations Management obtained from the Cape Peninsula University of Technology in 2004, and has worked in both corporate and in an agency environment. Her client exposure includes brands such as Accenture, P&G (Ariel), Chivas Regal, Deloitte, Indigo Cosmetics (Coty Brand, Yardley and Rimmel), City of Tshwane and BankSETA, to name a few. Public relations executive, Mpho has a passion for events, brand management and media relations. She studied at the University of Johannesburg, earning her diploma in PR and Communications Management in 2012. She previously worked for clients such as Montecasino, Imperial Auto, Merck Pharmaceuticals, TomTom, Targus and Footwear Trading (Diesel, Levi's and Jeep), amongst others. CEO and founder of Riverbed, Monalisa Sibongile Zwambila, commented on the new recruits saying, “We have an ambition to be the best-of-breed agency, and hiring people with a well-rounded mix of skill, experience and attitude, as is evident in both Sibongile and Mpho, promises to drive greatness and keep us on track for year-on-year agency growth. We are delighted to have them onboard, adding value to our growing client base.” ‹    Like Save Email Print PDF Riverbed's press office Riverbed's PR team expansion aligned to agency growth 31 May 2017 Riverbed a finalist for Financial Mail Adfocus Small Advertising Agency of 2016 19 Oct 2016 Riverbed appoints new head of client service and events 23 Aug 2016 PPC and JP 21 Project begin rollout of concrete cricket pitches in Mitchells Plain 3 Mar 2016 Riverbed bags cement giant PPC! 11 May 2015 RiverbedThe Riverbed Agency is a strategic Integrated Marketing Communications (IMC) Agency, obsessed and passionate about communicating in every way possible. Profile | News | Contact | Twitter | Facebook | RSS Feed Comment on thisComment Comment guidelines and disclaimer LEGAL DISCLAIMER: This Message Board accepts no liability of legal consequences that arise from the Message Boards (e.g. defamation, slander, or other such crimes). All posted messages are the sole property of their respective authors. The maintainer does retain the right to remove any message posts for whatever reasons. People that post messages to this forum are not to libel/slander nor in any other way depict a company, entity, individual(s), or service in a false light; should they do so, the legal consequences are theirs alone. Bizcommunity.com will disclose authors' IP addresses to authorities if compelled to do so by a court of law. Read more: Accenture, Riverbed Related #Winning with the new Cadbury P.S. bar Issued by Just Design Adventurous filmographers can enter Cape Union Mart Adventure Film Challenge Red Cherry Interactive produces new season of Boxer Super Shopper Show Issued by Red Cherry Interactive Lions Health announces programme News Show more Subscribe Receive free email newsletter Make us your homepage Add us to your favorites RSS feed Get biz on your phone Follow us Invite Tell a friend about us News Articles News by industry Company news Cartoons Events In briefs Galleries Newsletter archive Ornico ad showcase Reviews Trends Community Companies Contributors Portfolio showcases Forums Jobs Jokes Noticeboards People Polls Social media Submit News Company Job ad Op-ed contribution Portfolio showcase New business New appointment Event listing Gallery Noticeboard MyBiz Account Home My company listing My job ads My newsfeed MyBiz CV MyBiz Favourites MyBiz Profile Subscribe to news My newsletters Customise newsletters Advertise Product overview Website Newsletters Press offices Recruitment Special products Download ratecard Contact us Bizcommunity About us Contact us Send us news Our Biz Press Office Follow us Feedback Join us ADSL & Web hosting proudly provided by Afrihost. All rights reserved. Copyright © 2017. Bizcommunity.com, its sponsors, contributors and advertisers disclaim all liability for any loss, damage, injury or expense that might arise from the use of, or reliance upon, the services contained herein. Privacy policy, Terms of Use, PAIA.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by wiseguyreports Diapers Market – Indian Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2021 In India, of late, hygiene industry is experiencing an unprecedented growth as hygiene products are being adopted into the lifestyle of the masses. With the increased awareness and increasing purchasing power, customers are fast shifting from cloth nappies to baby diapers. Consumers today are looking for baby diapering solutions that go beyond the basic benefits of dryness and go the extra mile to incorporate value-adding features such as softness and caring for their baby’s delicate skin. Indians give birth to around 27 million babies each year, yet the penetration rate of baby diapers remains at less than two percent. Request a sample report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/744750-india-diapers-market-outlook-2021 According to “India Diaper Market Outlook, 2021”, India’s diaper market was growing with a CAGR of 22.23% over past five years. In 2014, the market for baby diapers in urban India grew with a CAGR of 19.99% whereas in rural India the growth was much higher than urban. On the basis of age, the report categorizes the India diaper market into baby diapers and adult diapers. Baby diapers constitute the leading category in the market. During the forecast horizon, adult diapers market is expected to grow significantly due to the increasing healthcare standards in the country. However, social and economic constraints of using adult diapers are hampering the market growth. P&G’s Pampers dominates the overall diaper industry, followed by Huggies and Mamy Poko. P&G’s lack of innovation and focus on higher margins amid aggressive strategies adopted by its competitors to increase their market share is expected to decrease brand’s market share in future. Japanese firm Unicharm, which sells Mamy Poko diapers, overtook Kimberly Clark in baby diaper segment nearly two years ago. In baby diaper segment, Pampers, Mamy Poko and Huggies constitute more than 85% of the market by value whereas in adult diaper segment, Nobel Hygiene and Actifit dominate the industry heavily. Diapers are broadly categorized into two types i.e. disposable diapers and cloth diapers. Disposable diapers constitute the largest market share and are seeing increasing investments by manufacturers in their research and development. In the last few years modern cloth diapers have become a fast moving trend worldwide for families looking for a natural modern way to diaper their babies. Sales of cloth diapers were 140 lakh units in 2014 and are expected to climb up in the forecast period, owing to environmental benefits. Other type of diapers includes swim pants and training pants which has a marginal market share in India. Complete report details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/744750-india-diapers-market-outlook-2021       Key points in table of content 1. Executive Summary 2. Global Diaper Market Outlook  2.1. Market Size By Value 2.2.  Market Share By Segment 2.3.  Global Baby Diaper Market 2.3.1. Market Size By Value 2.3.1.1. Overall Market 2.3.1.2. Cloth Diaper Market 2.3.1.3. Disposable Diaper Market 2.3.1.4. Swim Pants Market 2.3.1.5. Training Pants Market 2.3.2. Market Share 2.3.2.1. By Company 2.3.2.2. By Region 2.3.2.3. By Type 2.4.  Global Adult Diaper Market 2.4.1.  Market Size By Value 2.4.2.  Market Share By Company 3. India Diaper Market Outlook  3.1.  Market Size By Value 3.2.  Market Share 3.2.1. By Brand 3.2.2. By Segment 3.3.  India Baby Diaper Market 3.3.1. Market Size By Value 3.3.1.1. Overall Market 3.3.1.2. Cloth Diaper Market 3.3.1.3. Disposable Diaper Market 3.3.1.4. By Target Demographics 3.3.2. Market Size By Volume 3.3.2.1. Cloth Diaper Market 3.3.2.2. Disposable Diaper Market 3.3.3. Market Share 3.3.3.1. By Brand 3.3.3.2. By Type 3.4.  India Adult Diaper Market 3.4.1. Market Size By Value 3.4.2. Market Size By Volume 3.4.3. Market Share By Company 4. India Economic Snapshot 5. Pricing Analysis 6. Packsize Analysis 7. Channel Partner Analysis 8. Trade Dynamics 8.1.  Import 8.2.  Export 9. Market Trends & Developments  9.1.  Marketing Drive by the Multinationals 9.2.  Appreciation for Western Lifestyles 9.3.  Growing Trend of Working Women’s in India 9.4.  Emergence of Private Label Brands 9.5.  Comfort and Thinness 9.6.  Hygiene and Sanitation Awareness 10. Competitive Landscape  10.1.              Porters Five Forces 10.2.              Company Profiles 10.2.1.  SCA Hygiene Products India Pvt. Ltd. 10.2.2.  Johnson & Johnson Private Limited 10.2.3.  Procter & Gamble (P&G) 10.2.4.  Kimberly Clark Lever Pvt. Ltd. 10.2.5.  The Unicharm India Pvt. Ltd. 10.2.6.  Nobel Hygiene Pvt. Ltd. 10.2.7.  Godrej Consumer Product Limited 10.2.8.  The BellaPremier Happy HygieneCare Pvt. Ltd. 10.2.9.  Wipro Consumer Care & Lighting Limited 10.2.10.               CareMate Health Care Inc. 11. Strategic Recommendations 12. Disclaimer Get this report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=744750 Contact US: NORAH TRENT Partner Relations & Marketing Manager sales@wiseguyreports.com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsBaby Diaper Market, Diapers industry forecast, Diapers Market Analysis, Diapers Market Growth, Diapers market parameters, Diapers market segmentation, Diapers Market Share, Diapers Market size, Diapers market trend Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Orbis Research: World Mono Ethanol Amine Industry Trends, Growth (2017-2021) Forecast Next PostNext Why Digital Asset Management (DAM) Systems Market is Growing Exponentially?? Study Growth Factors, Trends, Key-Players and Forecasts!! Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Stay Connected Socialize News Agriculture Sports Obituaries How to Place an Obituary Community Living 50+ If Postcards Could Talk Pat’s Pantry Features Weddings Anniversaries Births Engagements Jack Remembers Jo’s Jottings School News Adopt a Pet Religion Ray County Church Listing Legal Notices Classifieds E-Edition Subscription Rates Subscription Rates Auctions Editorials Letters Photo Gallery Hall of Fame Mushroom Festival Mushroom Festival Largest Morel Contest 2017 Advertise with us Community Calendar Submit Your News City of Richmond Contact Us Town & Country Leader East Kenneth Randell Light Kenneth Randell Light, 81, of Orrick, died May 30, 2017, at his home. Kenneth was born Nov. 24, 1935, in Laclede County, to Clarence Randell Light and Opal Alice (Cope) Light. He was united in marriage to Wilma Jean Oliphant in Hartville July 20, 1956. He lived in Kansas City north before moving to Orrick in 1969. Kenneth worked as a millwright for Procter & Gamble in Kansas City, Kan. from 1957 until his retirement in 1992. He was a member of Orrick Baptist Church and was ordained a deacon in the church Feb. 24, 1974. Kenneth loved to fish and hunt and enjoyed time spent with his family, especially his grandchildren and great granddaughter. Kenneth was preceded in death by his parents; two daughters, Candye Light and Sandra Light; and a brother, Clarence Lorraine Light. He is survived by his wife of 60 years, Wilma Jean Light, of the home; a daughter and son-in-law, Michelle Culler (John), of Kansas City, Kan.; his sisters, Veta Berry (Bill), of Kansas City, Kan., and Jannette Light, of Springfield; a brother, Wayne Light (Debbie), of Parkville; grandchildren, Christa Phillips (Lonney), Joshua Teegarden (Danielle) and Kurt Culler; great-granddaughter, Brooke Phillilps; and numerous nieces and nephews. Visitation is 6 to 7:30 p.m., Thursday, June 1, at Orrick Baptist Church. Funeral services are 10 a.m., Friday, June 2, at the church. Burial is in South Point Cemetery, Orrick. Memorials are suggested to St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital. Arrangements are under the direction of Gowing Funeral Home, Orrick.     You must be logged in to post a comment Login   Archives Archives Select Month June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 Home Contact Us Community Calendar Legal Notices Classifieds Submit Your News City of Richmond Advertise with us © 2017, ↑ Richmond Daily News Log in- Posts - Add New -
Turkey world middle east europe americas africa asia - pacific economy politics sports health infographics photo video video gallery multimedia other corporate news finance terminal anadolu images energy terminal anadolu post anadolu post news academy election 2015 Türkçe English BHS Pусский Français العربية Kurdî کوردی Shqip فارسی македонски Anadolu Agency English Turkey Turkish humanitarian aid ship leaves for Somalia Features archive Turkish president calls for a greener world Features archive Germany signals willingness to take steps against PKK Features archive Turkey condemns London terror attacks Features archive Eight PKK terrorists killed in eastern Turkey Features archive world middle east Saudi Arabia, Bahrain sever diplomatic ties with Qatar Features archive Hamas leader heads to Egypt to hold official talks Features archive Daesh attacks kill 32 Iraqi soldiers in Mosul Features archive Yemeni gov’t backs UN envoy’s plan for Red Sea port Features archive europe Germany signals willingness to take steps against PKK Features archive British PM says 'enough is enough' after London attack Features archive Turkey condemns London terror attacks Features archive ‘Terror attacks’ strike London Bridge, Borough Market Features archive americas US states, cities step in to fill Trump Paris exit Features archive Erdogan files complaint against ex-Pentagon official Features archive US Supreme Court to hear Muslim travel ban case Features archive US: Warriors take Game 1 of NBA Finals Features archive africa Kenyan bus operators oppose new high-speed railway Features archive Cape Town to host global energy players on Monday Features archive Turkish humanitarian aid ship leaves for Somalia Features archive Zambia arrests 30 Chinese for illegal mining activities Features archive asia - pacific '12 Daesh fighters' killed in southwestern Pakistan Features archive Resorts World Manila gunman identified Features archive Cambodia goes to polls for commune elections Features archive 4-hour cease-fire declared in Philippines Features archive economy Erdogan urges Turkish investors to play productive role Features archive Borsa Istanbul closes at record high Features archive IFC to invest $150M bond for green buildings Features archive Interest income by Turkish banks rises to $21.2B Features archive Putin calls on US businessmen to help 'normalize' ties Features archive politics Russia says it would not veto UN sanctions on N.Korea Features archive Russia lifts further trade sanctions against Turkey Features archive US Supreme Court to hear Muslim travel ban case Features archive US anti-missile system in South Korea 'threat' to Russia Features archive Germany, China vow to deepen 'strategic partnership' Features archive sports Goztepe advances to Turkish Super Lig after penalties Features archive Real Madrid wins UEFA Champions League Features archive Turkey's Calhanoglu available again after 4-month ban Features archive Football: Bursaspor stave off relegation with win Features archive Pakistan boycotts Afghan cricket league Features archive health Botched measles vaccines kill 15 children in S.Sudan Features archive Global cancer spending tops $110 billion Features archive Turkey sends Zimbabwe 35 tons of aid Features archive Nearly one in five people is obese in Turkey: Survey Features archive Cholera outbreak kills 532 in Yemen: WHO Features archive infographics photo 'Terror attacks' strike London Besiktas celebrate after winning Turkish Super Lig title Fire in Hasim Iscan Underpass in Fatih, Istanbul Largest Franco-era mass grave exhumed in Valencia, Spain Ceremony for Turkish soldiers martyred in air crash video video gallery 'Terror attacks' strike London Police release video of Daesh terrorists planning attack in Turkey TurkStream's construction vessel on way to Black Sea Kabul truck bombing kills at least 50, over 300 wounded multimedia Anadolu Post: Your source for trusted news FETO Exposed: Mithat Aynacı July 15 coup protester martyred 'for the sake of the homeland' FETO Exposed: Adil oksuz other corporate news finance terminal anadolu images energy terminal news academy anadolu post anadolu post select language Türkçe English BHS Pусский Français العربية Kurdî کوردی Shqip فارسی македонски breaking Saudi Arabia, Bahrain sever diplomatic ties with Qatar US CEOs urge Trump to stay in Paris agreement ‘President Trump, stay in Paris and negotiate a better deal that creates jobs,’ CEOs say home > world, americas 31.05.2017 Övünç Kutlu New York Features archive related news CEOs blast Trump’s move to withdraw US from Paris deal Trump aide sought secret channel with Kremlin US appeals court upholds block on Trump's Muslim ban Trump sends to Congress $4.1 trillion budget plan Trump’s 'terror' label for Hamas draws Palestinian fire By Ovunc Kutlu NEW YORK The CEOs of 10 major American companies urged use a television advertisement Wednesday to urge President Donald Trump to stay in the Paris climate agreement. "We are writing to express our strong support for the United States remaining in the Paris Climate Agreement," it said. "President Trump, stay in Paris and negotiate a better deal that creates jobs," according to the commercial that is also available on YouTube. The advertisement was signed by the heads of 3M, Morgan Stanley, JPMorgan Chase, Proctor & Gamble, General Electric, Johnson & Johnson, The Dow Chemical Company, Tesla, Citigroup and The Disney Company. The Paris Agreement, which was spearheaded by former President Barack Obama and signed by 195 countries in April 2016, aims to fight climate change by reducing carbon emissions and limiting global temperature rise to below 2 degrees Celsius. During his election campaign, however, Trump called global warming "a hoax" and promised to scrap the agreement and return jobs to the coal industry that is often an easy target for environmentalists. "I will be announcing my decision on the Paris Accord over the next few days. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!," Trump said via Twitter on Wednesday. Anadolu Agency website contains only a portion of the news stories offered to subscribers in the AA News Broadcasting System (HAS), and in summarized form. Please contact us for subscription options. Facebook Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Related Galleries today's headlines 21 : 14 Turkey Turkish humanitarian aid ship leaves for Somalia 18 : 25 world Hamas leader heads to Egypt to hold official talks 16 : 12 Turkey Germany signals willingness to take steps against PKK 15 : 38 Turkey Turkey condemns London terror attacks 13 : 15 world Resorts World Manila gunman identified 12 : 04 Turkey Raqqah operation started on Friday night: Turkish PM analysis news Germany and the liberal world order: What to expect? OPINION - Trump meets European allies: NATO’s future at stake Fenerbahce's Euroleague victory "is for Turkey" Turkey and India pondering over their policy limits PKK’s franchising strategy US CEOs urge Trump to stay in Paris agreement 1 / 1 US CEOs urge Trump to stay in Paris agreement analysis news corporate news education culture and art life science-technology photo video up corporate history editorial guideliness social media policies ethics commission executive team domestic offices international offices media center contact quality management announcement service sponsorship human resources subscription requests corporate news finance terminal anadolu images energy terminal news academy election 2015 mobile services iPhone application iPad application Android application Windows application © Anadolu Agency 2017
NewsInferno The News That Matters About Us Contact Us Partnerships Sitemap 1-800-320-7000 Search for: Home Actos Metal-on-Metal Mirena Transvaginal Mesh Xarelto Zadroga New Lawsuit Alleges PPI Heartburn Medications Caused Kidney Injuries Posted on May 31, 2017 by Lillian Chiu     PPI Lawsuit Alleges Nexium, Prilosec, Prevacid Makers Failed to Warn of Risks Lawsuits continue to be filed over proton pump inhibitors (PPIs), including Nexium, Prilosec and Prevacid. These medications, which are used to treat heartburn and acid reflux disease, work by reducing the amount of acid produced by the stomach. PPI kidney injury lawsuits began mounting after two studies linked the heartburn drugs to an increased risk of kidney disease. One lawsuit was recently filed on behalf of an Alabama woman. Parker Waichman LLP has spent decades representing clients in drug injury lawsuits. The firm continues to offer free legal consultations to individuals with questions about filing a PPI kidney damage lawsuit. According to court records, the lawsuit was filed in the Superior Court of the State of Delaware on Mar. 31, 2017. The complaint states that the plaintiff suffered from kidney injuries, allegedly due to using over-the-counter PPIs including Nexium, Prilosec and Prevacid. The suit names AstraZeneca, Procter & Gamble and Takeda Pharmaceuticals as defendants. The lawsuit alleges that the drug makers “actively concealed” the “true and significant risks” associated with using PPI medications. “Defendants concealed and continue to conceal their knowledge that PPIs can cause kidney injuries from Plaintiff, other consumers, and the medical community,” the complaint states. “Specifically, defendants have failed to adequately inform consumers and the prescribing medical community against the serious risks associated with PPIs and have completely failed to warn against the risk of CKD and ESRD.” In 2016, two studies found that use of PPIs were associated with an increased risk of chronic kidney disease. Litigation has mounted following the studies, with plaintiffs alleging that Nexium, Prilosec and Prevacid caused kidney injuries and that manufacturers failed to warn of the risks. There are roughly 100 PPI kidney injury lawsuits pending, Law360 reports. According to legal experts, that number is expected to rise; there could be as many as 5,000 lawsuits alleging that PPIs caused kidney disease. For example, the makers of Nexium and Prevacid were sued last June. The lawsuit was filed on behalf of a man in the New York Eastern District Court in Brooklyn. He began taking both Nexium and Prevacid in 2006 and developed acute kidney injury. The lawsuit alleges that taking these heartburn medications caused kidney injury and that drug makers failed to warn of the risks. According to the complaint, PPI side effects have resulted in the need for medical care and monitoring for the rest of his life. As with other PPI kidney disease claims, the plaintiff alleges that he would not have taken the drugs if he were fully informed of the risks. Another complaint was filed over Prevacid and its maker, Takeda Pharmaceuticals. The lawsuit was filed on behalf of a plaintiff who used Prevacid from May 2005 through May 2012. The plaintiff has developed renal disease, and alleges that Prevacid is to blame. He alleges that the PPI maker should have warned adequately about the risk of kidney injury associated with Prevacid. PPI Kidney Disease Background PPI makers have been facing mounting litigation following two studies linking the gastric acid suppressors to an increased risk of kidney disease. One study was published January 2016 in the journal JAMA Internal Medicine. Compared to participants who did not use the heartburn drugs, PPI users had a 20 to 50 percent increased risk of developing chronic kidney disease. The study also found that higher doses of PPI medications increased the risk of kidney injury. In patients taking PPIs once a day, the risk of kidney disease increased 15 percent compared to 46 percent for patients taking the medications twice daily. In April 2016, another study linked PPI use to an increased risk of kidney injury. Researchers found that use of medications such as Prilosec, Nexium and Prevacid was associated with a higher risk of developing chronic kidney disease. Investigators analyzed data from 170,000 new PPI users and 20,000 new users of H2 receptor blockers, another class of heartburn medication. The study, published in the American Society of Nephrology, identified a 28 percent increased risk of chronic kidney disease among PPI users. Although only a small handful of patients developed end-stage renal failure (ESRD), use of PPIs was associated with a 96 percent increased risk of ESRD. Both studies identify a correlation between PPI use and kidney disease. These findings do not say anything about causality; in other words, they do not prove that PPIs cause kidney damage. Additional research is needed to learn more about the relationship between PPIs and kidney injury. While the studies do not show causality, the findings underscore that PPIs should not be used unless they are truly necessary. PPIs have been the subject of other studies as well. The Journal of the American College of Cardiology published a study suggesting that taking PPIs and Rocephin (a type of antibiotic) may be associated with heart risks when taken together. Neither drug is associated with significant cardiovascular risks on their own. The study found that taking these drugs together may be associated with an increased risk of long QT syndrome, a condition that can cause heart rhythm irregularities and in rare cases, sudden death. Another study, conducted by researchers from the Australian National University recently found that use of PPIs may be associated with an increased risk of infectious gastroenteritis, also known as the stomach flu. Patients were 70 percent more likely to be hospitalized with infectious gastroenteritis if they were using PPIs, the study found. “The elderly and those with chronic bowel problems are most at risk. These patients should be having a conversation with their doctor to ensure that they are on right dose and that these drugs are the right fit for them,” the authors said. In 2011, consumer advocacy group Public Citizen filed a petition asking the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to place additional information about potential adverse events on PPI warning labels. The agency approved updates to the label in 2014, including language about the risks of acute interstitial nephritis, among other things. Filing a PPI Lawsuit If you or someone you know is interested in filing a personal injury lawsuit involving a PPI such as Nexium, Prevacid or Prilosec, contact Parker Waichman today. Our firm offers free, no-obligation case evaluations. For more information, fill out our online form or call 1-800-YOURLAWYER (1-800-968-7529). This entry was posted in Legal News. Bookmark the permalink. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. ← Magellan Diagnostics Recalls Lead Testing Systems That May Give Inaccurate Results FDA Cites Sweet Springs Valley Water Co. for E. Coli Contamination → Latest Headlines Products Africana Receives FDA Warning Letter for Violations FDA Cites Sweet Springs Valley Water Co. for E. Coli Contamination New Lawsuit Alleges PPI Heartburn Medications Caused Kidney Injuries Magellan Diagnostics Recalls Lead Testing Systems That May Give Inaccurate Results Pennsylvania Parents Sue School over Lead in the Drinking Water June 2017 S M T W T F S « May       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Disclaimer: Privacy Policy: Copyright © 2017 - NewsInferno.com © 2005-2017 Parker Waichman LLP ®. All Rights Reserved.
Just In 33mins Steering clear of Pakistan, China says counter-terrorism is a global responsibility 56mins Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Egypt and UAE cut diplomatic ties with Qatar as Gulf rift deepens 1hr One jawan killed in Maoist ambush near Kandhamal 2hrs Fidayeen attack foiled in Bandipora; 4 militants killed Top 10 stories of June 4, 2017 Trump believes climate is changing, says Nikki Haley NIA continues terror-fund searches in J&K CBSE asks private schools for data on fee structure to curb overcharging China copter in Indian skies? Vicky Kaushal to star opposite Alia in Meghna Gulzar’s next ‘Time to change counterterror strategy’, says British PM Theresa May, following London Bridge Attack Govt starts GST awareness drive for consumers Seven die in terror attack in London; three assailants shot dead There is political confusion in Tamil Nadu, says Rahul Gandhi UK parties suspend election campaign after terror attack Home News National International States Cities Opinion Cartoon Columns Editorial Interview Lead Readers' Editor Comment Open Page Letters Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Stock Quotes Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Athletics Motorsport Races Other Sports Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Sci-Tech Science Technology Health Agriculture Environment Gadgets Internet thREAD India will not be distracted from title defence: Laxman Share On JUST IN 33mins Steering clear of Pakistan, China says counter-terrorism is a global responsibility 56mins Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Egypt and UAE cut diplomatic ties with Qatar as Gulf rift deepens 1hr One jawan killed in Maoist ambush near Kandhamal 2hrs Fidayeen attack foiled in Bandipora; 4 militants killed Top 10 stories of June 4, 2017 Trump believes climate is changing, says Nikki Haley NIA continues terror-fund searches in J&K CBSE asks private schools for data on fee structure to curb overcharging China copter in Indian skies? Vicky Kaushal to star opposite Alia in Meghna Gulzar’s next ‘Time to change counterterror strategy’, says British PM Theresa May, following London Bridge Attack Govt starts GST awareness drive for consumers Seven die in terror attack in London; three assailants shot dead There is political confusion in Tamil Nadu, says Rahul Gandhi UK parties suspend election campaign after terror attack CLOSE Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Athletics Motorsport Races Other Sports Chennai Silks fire: The story till now Sport Cricket Cricket India will not be distracted from title defence: Laxman N.Sudarshan BENGALURU, May 31, 2017 21:24 IST Updated: May 31, 2017 21:25 IST Share Article PRINT A A A Master tutor: V.V.S. Laxman teaches keen learners during an event organised by P&G Shiksha, a project aimed at providing free and quality education for children.   N.Sudarshan BENGALURU, May 31, 2017 21:24 IST Updated: May 31, 2017 21:25 IST more-in The former player says the team is more experienced than the one that triumphed in 2013 Even as he chose not to comment on the coaching conundrum Indian cricket currently finds itself in, V.V.S. Laxman believed that the team will set aside all distractions as it embarks on its defence of the Champions Trophy title. Laxman, along with Sachin Tendulkar and Sourav Ganguly, is a member of the cricket advisory panel which appointed Anil Kumble as India coach last year and now has to repeat the process. High expectations “You are representing a billion people, there is so much responsibility and expectations,” said Laxman at an event organised by P&G Shiksha, a project aimed at providing free and quality education for children. “I believe that all the distractions will be kept aside. This is the first time Virat Kohli will be leading the side in an ICC tournament. We also need to remember that the 2019 World Cup is going to be in England. If India can do well in this Champions Trophy, then they will go to the World Cup with a lot of confidence. India definitely has a chance to win the title.” Laxman’s confidence perhaps stems from the fact that the current team appears to be an upgrade on the outfit which won the title four years ago. “Definitely more experienced,” Laxman said when asked to compare the two teams. “A lot of players from that side are still part of the core group of this team. “Take the example of Umesh Yadav — the way he has evolved since 2013... more mature, understands his bowling a lot more. He is not only looking to bowl fast — which has always been his strength — but [he is] also bowling with control.” However, Laxman cautioned that for success in the one-day format India’s bowling in the middle overs (15 to 40) must be up to the mark. “In 2013, the bowlers, especially the spinners, were picking up wickets in the middle overs. I am expecting the same [this time]. With the new ball, you can get swing it and pick up wickets. Bhuvneshwar Kumar and [Jasprit] Bumrah are two of the best death bowlers in the world. “But picking up wickets in the middle overs is very important. Once you do this, then you don’t allow a partnership to blossom.” “[Ravindra] Jadeja has evolved into a wicket-taking spinner. And Ashwin is a class bowler. So even though the conditions may not assist them, the two are skilled enough to deceive the batsmen,” said Laxman. Post a Comment More In Sport Cricket cricket Related Articles << Previous Story Innings victory for Vijay CC Next Story >> I feel ready for Champions Trophy now, says Dinesh Karthik Please Wait while comments are loading... Comments will be moderated by The Hindu editorial team. Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters, or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text. (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). We may remove hyperlinks within comments. Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Printable version | Jun 5, 2017 10:22:58 AM | http://www.thehindu.com/sport/cricket/india-will-not-be-distracted-from-title-defence-laxman/article18683433.ece © The Hindu Champions Trophy: Where Pakistan hold the edge over India A look at the three previous matches between India and Pakistan in the Champions Trophy The Hindu Net Desk Captain, coach will not always be on same page, says Gavaskar The legendary opener also feels that coach is one who should have a long term vision. PTI Top Picks in The Hindu today Visakhapatnam is sitting on a pollution bomb When cops joined hands to build houses for ailing underprivileged persons The 10 facts you need to know about ISRO’s GSLV-Mk III RTI unearths a hidden wedding Women to get combat role in Army What to expect at Apple’s 2017 developers' conference Faster, higher, smoother Google doodles Nutan’s expressions Google to pay $200,000 in hunt for Android bugs Four jawans scale Everest without oxygen support Close X Next Story >> I feel ready for Champions Trophy now, says Dinesh Karthik CLOSE THIS MENU TRENDING TODAY Chennai Hyderabad Bengaluru Videos Entertainment Today's Paper ePaper News National International Elections Goa 2017 Uttar Pradesh 2017 Uttarakhand 2017 Punjab 2017 Manipur 2017 Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget States Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other States Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Opinion Editorial Lead Comment Columns Interview Cartoon Open Page Readers' Editor Letters Sport Athletics Cricket Football Hockey Motorsport Other Sports Races Tennis Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Children Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Technology Gadgets Internet Sci-Tech Agriculture Environment Health Education Careers Colleges Schools Multimedia Photos Videos Podcast Data Specials Crossword Resources Tags thREAD Archive Classifieds eBooks Subscribe Social About Us CONNECT WITH US CLOSE THIS MENU Home News Opinion Business Sport Entertainment Life & Style Society Books Sci-Tech thREAD THE SITE About Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contacts Archive Subscribe GROUP SITES The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre RoofandFloor STEP Publications eBooks Images Classifieds Send your feedback to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.inCopyright© 2017, The Hindu
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi North America Personal Care Electrical Appliances Market Report 2017: Analysis & Forecasts 2016-2022 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 31 May, 2017, 11:00 ET Share this article DUBLIN, May 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "North America Personal Care Electrical Appliances Market (2016-2022)" report to their offering. The North America market for personal care electrical appliances is expected to grow at a CAGR of 5.6% The forecast suggests that the sales of the products would remain steady and trend would be positive throughout the forecast period. The North America market has been segmented into hair care appliances, hair removal appliances, oral care appliances and other appliances (massagers and heating pads). Hair care appliances segment is a sizable market and would witness tremendous growth during the forecast period. The demand would remain positive due to the need for curling irons and other styling products and also growing need for style among the new generation. Hair removal appliances is also expected to witness a faster growth, especially due to growing demand for electric shavers and a shift from manual shavers to electrical shavers and trimmers. The report highlights the adoption of Personal Care Electrical Appliances in North America. Based on the Product, the North America Personal Care Electrical Appliances Market is segmented into Hair Care Appliances, Hair Removal Appliances, Oral Care Appliances and Others segment. Based on the Type, the Hair Care Appliances market is bifurcated into Hair Dryers, Hair Straighteners and Hair Stylers segment; the Hair Removal Appliances Market is segmented into Epilators, Shavers, Clippers and Trimmer segments; the Oral Care Appliances Market is segmented into Powered Toothbrush and Other oral care segments. Based on the gender, the Personal Care Electrical Appliances market is segmented into Male and Female segments. The countries included in the report are U.S, Canada, Mexico and Rest of North America. Key companies profiled in the report includes Remington Products, Conair Corporation, Groupe Seb, Colgate-Palmolive, The Procter & Gamble Company (P&G), Koninklijke Philips N.V., Panasonic Corporation, Helen Of Troy L.P., Homedics Inc. and Lion Corporation. Key Topics Covered: 1. Market Scope & Methodology 2. Market Overview 3. North America Personal Care & Electrical Appliances Market - By Product 4. North America Personal Care and Electrical Appliances Market - By Gender 5. Country Level Analysis 6. Company Profiles - Remington Products - Conair Corporation - Groupe Seb - Colgate-Palmolive - The Procter & Gamble Company (P&G) - Koninklijke Philips N.V. - Panasonic Corporation - Helen Of Troy L.P. - Homedics Inc. - Lion Corporation For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/6f9q55/north_america Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/north-america-personal-care-electrical-appliances-market-report-2017-analysis--forecasts-2016-2022---research-and-markets-300465266.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 31 May, 2017, 11:10 ET Preview: Asia Pacific Beer Market 2017-2022 - Research and Markets 31 May, 2017, 10:50 ET Preview: Global Automated Truck Loading System Market 2017-2021 - Key Vendors are Actiw, HAVER & BOECKER, Joloda International, Secon Components & The Heico Companies - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 02 Jun, 2017, 19:20 ET Global Influenza Drugs and Vaccines Market 2016-2021:By Drugs... 02 Jun, 2017, 19:20 ET India Video Surveillance as a Service Market,-2023: Market is... Explore More news releases in similar topics Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: North America Personal Care Electrical Appliances Market Report 2017: Analysis & Forecasts 2016-2022 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 31 May, 2017, 11:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women North America Personal Care Electrical Appliances Market Report 2017: Analysis & Forecasts 2016-2022 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 31 May, 2017, 16:00 BST Share this article DUBLIN, May 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "North America Personal Care Electrical Appliances Market (2016-2022)" report to their offering. The North America market for personal care electrical appliances is expected to grow at a CAGR of 5.6% The forecast suggests that the sales of the products would remain steady and trend would be positive throughout the forecast period. The North America market has been segmented into hair care appliances, hair removal appliances, oral care appliances and other appliances (massagers and heating pads). Hair care appliances segment is a sizable market and would witness tremendous growth during the forecast period. The demand would remain positive due to the need for curling irons and other styling products and also growing need for style among the new generation. Hair removal appliances is also expected to witness a faster growth, especially due to growing demand for electric shavers and a shift from manual shavers to electrical shavers and trimmers. The report highlights the adoption of Personal Care Electrical Appliances in North America. Based on the Product, the North America Personal Care Electrical Appliances Market is segmented into Hair Care Appliances, Hair Removal Appliances, Oral Care Appliances and Others segment. Based on the Type, the Hair Care Appliances market is bifurcated into Hair Dryers, Hair Straighteners and Hair Stylers segment; the Hair Removal Appliances Market is segmented into Epilators, Shavers, Clippers and Trimmer segments; the Oral Care Appliances Market is segmented into Powered Toothbrush and Other oral care segments. Based on the gender, the Personal Care Electrical Appliances market is segmented into Male and Female segments. The countries included in the report are U.S, Canada, Mexico and Rest of North America. Key companies profiled in the report includes Remington Products, Conair Corporation, Groupe Seb, Colgate-Palmolive, The Procter & Gamble Company (P&G), Koninklijke Philips N.V., Panasonic Corporation, Helen Of Troy L.P., Homedics Inc. and Lion Corporation. Key Topics Covered: 1. Market Scope & Methodology 2. Market Overview 3. North America Personal Care & Electrical Appliances Market - By Product 4. North America Personal Care and Electrical Appliances Market - By Gender 5. Country Level Analysis 6. Company Profiles - Remington Products - Conair Corporation - Groupe Seb - Colgate-Palmolive - The Procter & Gamble Company (P&G) - Koninklijke Philips N.V. - Panasonic Corporation - Helen Of Troy L.P. - Homedics Inc. - Lion Corporation For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/6f9q55/north_america Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716   SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 31 May, 2017, 16:10 BST Preview: Asia Pacific Beer Market 2017-2022 - Research and Markets 31 May, 2017, 15:50 BST Preview: Global Automated Truck Loading System Market 2017-2021 - Key Vendors are Actiw, HAVER & BOECKER, Joloda International, Secon Components & The Heico Companies - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 03 Jun, 2017, 00:30 BSTGlobal Influenza Drugs and Vaccines Market 2016-2021:By Drugs... 03 Jun, 2017, 00:20 BSTIndia Video Surveillance as a Service Market,-2023: Market is... Explore More news releases in similar topics Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: North America Personal Care Electrical Appliances Market Report 2017: Analysis & Forecasts 2016-2022 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 31 May, 2017, 16:00 BST Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Pei Wei Names New CMO SCOTTSDALE, Ariz., May 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Pei Wei, the leader in delivering a handcrafted, Pan-Asian culinary experience, has named Brandon Solano chief marketing officer after an extensive national search. Solano, an award-winning marketing and brand development executive, has vast experience within the restaurant industry. He most recently served as CMO for Papa Murphy’s Pizza, and held senior leadership positions with Wendy’s and Domino’s Pizza. Pan-Asian fast casual leader taps award-winning marketing exec Brandon Solano „I know firsthand Brandon’s creativity, passion and ability to drive results through marketing strategies and brand development,” said Pei Wei CEO J. Hedrick. „Brandon will be a key asset to the Pei Wei leadership team as we continue to build and deliver on our brand promise.” „I joined Pei Wei because I believe in the vision and leadership of the executive team who is fiercely committed to winning and puts people first,” said Solano. „As a foodie, I love the brand and appreciate the unique space that Pei Wei occupies in the fast casual industry, particularly when it comes to Pei Wei’s dedication to quality food and handcrafted care.”  In addition to his restaurant leadership experience, Solano experience marketing top brands including Hershey’s, Kellogg’s and Proctor & Gamble. He holds a bachelor’s degree in public relations from Grand Valley State University and an MBA from the University of Notre Dame.  ABOUT PEI WEI Founded in 2000, Scottsdale, Arizona-based Pei Wei is a Pan-Asian, fast casual restaurant that offers guests a way to eat well, be well and live well. Pei Wei prepares each dish to order using freshly chopped ingredients, purposely chosen for nutrition as well as flavor, and in the tradition of ancient Asian cooking methods. Menu offerings include lettuce wraps, salads, sushi, quinoa bowls and Wok Classics that can be easily customized for any palate or diet, including gluten-free and vegetarian. Pei Wei owns and operates more than 200 restaurants in 21 states. For more information, visit www.peiwei.com, and the latest Pei Wei news is also on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Media Contacts: Katie McKenzie or Loren Rutledge Katie@spmcommunications.com  Loren@spmcommunications.com  817-329-3257 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pei-wei-names-new-cmo-300465890.html SOURCE Pei Wei Related Links http://www.peiwei.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Royal Dutch Shell plc: Voting Rights and Capital Next PostNext Global Peptide Therapeutics Market and Clinical Trials Insights, 2022 – Insight on 688 Peptide Drugs in Clinical Trials and Clinical and Patent Insight on 119 Marketed Peptides – Research and Markets Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Pei Wei Names New CMO SCOTTSDALE, Ariz., May 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Pei Wei, the leader in delivering a handcrafted, Pan-Asian culinary experience, has named Brandon Solano chief marketing officer after an extensive national search. Solano, an award-winning marketing and brand development executive, has vast experience within the restaurant industry. He most recently served as CMO for Papa Murphy’s Pizza, and held senior leadership positions with Wendy’s and Domino’s Pizza. Pan-Asian fast casual leader taps award-winning marketing exec Brandon Solano „I know firsthand Brandon’s creativity, passion and ability to drive results through marketing strategies and brand development,” said Pei Wei CEO J. Hedrick. „Brandon will be a key asset to the Pei Wei leadership team as we continue to build and deliver on our brand promise.” „I joined Pei Wei because I believe in the vision and leadership of the executive team who is fiercely committed to winning and puts people first,” said Solano. „As a foodie, I love the brand and appreciate the unique space that Pei Wei occupies in the fast casual industry, particularly when it comes to Pei Wei’s dedication to quality food and handcrafted care.”  In addition to his restaurant leadership experience, Solano experience marketing top brands including Hershey’s, Kellogg’s and Proctor & Gamble. He holds a bachelor’s degree in public relations from Grand Valley State University and an MBA from the University of Notre Dame.  ABOUT PEI WEI Founded in 2000, Scottsdale, Arizona-based Pei Wei is a Pan-Asian, fast casual restaurant that offers guests a way to eat well, be well and live well. Pei Wei prepares each dish to order using freshly chopped ingredients, purposely chosen for nutrition as well as flavor, and in the tradition of ancient Asian cooking methods. Menu offerings include lettuce wraps, salads, sushi, quinoa bowls and Wok Classics that can be easily customized for any palate or diet, including gluten-free and vegetarian. Pei Wei owns and operates more than 200 restaurants in 21 states. For more information, visit www.peiwei.com, and the latest Pei Wei news is also on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Media Contacts: Katie McKenzie or Loren Rutledge Katie@spmcommunications.com  Loren@spmcommunications.com  817-329-3257 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pei-wei-names-new-cmo-300465890.html SOURCE Pei Wei Related Links http://www.peiwei.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Royal Dutch Shell plc: Voting Rights and Capital Next PostNext Global Peptide Therapeutics Market and Clinical Trials Insights, 2022 – Insight on 688 Peptide Drugs in Clinical Trials and Clinical and Patent Insight on 119 Marketed Peptides – Research and Markets Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Pei Wei Names New CMO SCOTTSDALE, Ariz., May 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Pei Wei, the leader in delivering a handcrafted, Pan-Asian culinary experience, has named Brandon Solano chief marketing officer after an extensive national search. Solano, an award-winning marketing and brand development executive, has vast experience within the restaurant industry. He most recently served as CMO for Papa Murphy’s Pizza, and held senior leadership positions with Wendy’s and Domino’s Pizza. Pan-Asian fast casual leader taps award-winning marketing exec Brandon Solano „I know firsthand Brandon’s creativity, passion and ability to drive results through marketing strategies and brand development,” said Pei Wei CEO J. Hedrick. „Brandon will be a key asset to the Pei Wei leadership team as we continue to build and deliver on our brand promise.” „I joined Pei Wei because I believe in the vision and leadership of the executive team who is fiercely committed to winning and puts people first,” said Solano. „As a foodie, I love the brand and appreciate the unique space that Pei Wei occupies in the fast casual industry, particularly when it comes to Pei Wei’s dedication to quality food and handcrafted care.”  In addition to his restaurant leadership experience, Solano experience marketing top brands including Hershey’s, Kellogg’s and Proctor & Gamble. He holds a bachelor’s degree in public relations from Grand Valley State University and an MBA from the University of Notre Dame.  ABOUT PEI WEI Founded in 2000, Scottsdale, Arizona-based Pei Wei is a Pan-Asian, fast casual restaurant that offers guests a way to eat well, be well and live well. Pei Wei prepares each dish to order using freshly chopped ingredients, purposely chosen for nutrition as well as flavor, and in the tradition of ancient Asian cooking methods. Menu offerings include lettuce wraps, salads, sushi, quinoa bowls and Wok Classics that can be easily customized for any palate or diet, including gluten-free and vegetarian. Pei Wei owns and operates more than 200 restaurants in 21 states. For more information, visit www.peiwei.com, and the latest Pei Wei news is also on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Media Contacts: Katie McKenzie or Loren Rutledge Katie@spmcommunications.com  Loren@spmcommunications.com  817-329-3257 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pei-wei-names-new-cmo-300465890.html SOURCE Pei Wei Related Links http://www.peiwei.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Royal Dutch Shell plc: Voting Rights and Capital Next PostNext Global Peptide Therapeutics Market and Clinical Trials Insights, 2022 – Insight on 688 Peptide Drugs in Clinical Trials and Clinical and Patent Insight on 119 Marketed Peptides – Research and Markets Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Pei Wei Names New CMO SCOTTSDALE, Ariz., May 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Pei Wei, the leader in delivering a handcrafted, Pan-Asian culinary experience, has named Brandon Solano chief marketing officer after an extensive national search. Solano, an award-winning marketing and brand development executive, has vast experience within the restaurant industry. He most recently served as CMO for Papa Murphy’s Pizza, and held senior leadership positions with Wendy’s and Domino’s Pizza. Pan-Asian fast casual leader taps award-winning marketing exec Brandon Solano „I know firsthand Brandon’s creativity, passion and ability to drive results through marketing strategies and brand development,” said Pei Wei CEO J. Hedrick. „Brandon will be a key asset to the Pei Wei leadership team as we continue to build and deliver on our brand promise.” „I joined Pei Wei because I believe in the vision and leadership of the executive team who is fiercely committed to winning and puts people first,” said Solano. „As a foodie, I love the brand and appreciate the unique space that Pei Wei occupies in the fast casual industry, particularly when it comes to Pei Wei’s dedication to quality food and handcrafted care.”  In addition to his restaurant leadership experience, Solano experience marketing top brands including Hershey’s, Kellogg’s and Proctor & Gamble. He holds a bachelor’s degree in public relations from Grand Valley State University and an MBA from the University of Notre Dame.  ABOUT PEI WEI Founded in 2000, Scottsdale, Arizona-based Pei Wei is a Pan-Asian, fast casual restaurant that offers guests a way to eat well, be well and live well. Pei Wei prepares each dish to order using freshly chopped ingredients, purposely chosen for nutrition as well as flavor, and in the tradition of ancient Asian cooking methods. Menu offerings include lettuce wraps, salads, sushi, quinoa bowls and Wok Classics that can be easily customized for any palate or diet, including gluten-free and vegetarian. Pei Wei owns and operates more than 200 restaurants in 21 states. For more information, visit www.peiwei.com, and the latest Pei Wei news is also on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Media Contacts: Katie McKenzie or Loren Rutledge Katie@spmcommunications.com  Loren@spmcommunications.com  817-329-3257 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pei-wei-names-new-cmo-300465890.html SOURCE Pei Wei Related Links http://www.peiwei.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Royal Dutch Shell plc: Voting Rights and Capital Next PostNext Global Peptide Therapeutics Market and Clinical Trials Insights, 2022 – Insight on 688 Peptide Drugs in Clinical Trials and Clinical and Patent Insight on 119 Marketed Peptides – Research and Markets Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Place an advert Buy a photo Plus Rewards Puzzles Like us Follow us Login Register  ° Site Search Phrase News Sport What's On Pics Jobs Property Motors Directory Notices Buy&Sell Dating ALL Property News Interiors Area Guides Amazing transformation of run down home in Brereton Avenue, Cleethorpes By Elsa Williamson  |  Posted: May 31, 2017 By Elsa Williamson   3 COMMENTS   SHARES 169 Brereton Avenue, Cleethorpes before the amazing overhaul by Paul Ablett and son William Amazing transformation of run down home in Brereton Avenue, Cleethorpes X Share Tweet Share Pin It Email Copy link to paste in your message / 169 Brereton Avenue, Cleethorpes before the amazing overhaul by Paul Ablett and son William Check out this lavish £750k home near Brigg which has... 1 Today's top home: An exceptionally spacious detached... 1 Superb two bedroom Semi-Detached Home in Fallowfield... 1 Comments (3) This is the amazing Homes Under The Hammer style transformation carried out on a Cleethorpes home by a father and son. Back in August last year we featured a HOT OR NOT property for sale on Brereton Avenue Cleethorpes. Although the property was full of original features including fireplaces, sash windows and skirting boards if you wished to look round the property it came with a warning to exercise caution as you entered at your own risk! Potential viewers were warned that the floors were rotten in places and the bathroom gave out an unpleasant odour. Property Search For Sale For Sale To Rent Commercial Find an Agent GO Read more: The Victorian home in Grimsby with its own BALL PIT At the time is was up for sale at a modern action for £40,000 and Paul Ablett of P&G Properties bought it, and worked their magic. We caught up with Paul and his son William as they were putting the finishing touches to this very spacious, completely refurbished three bed bedroomed terraced Cleethorpes home. And eight-months down the line you wouldn't recognise the place. After a lot of hard graft from Paul and his team alongside specialist tradesmen, this spacious terraced property is looking it's best and ready for viewers. A proud Paul said: "This is what we do, it's what we're good at. "We buy properties that perhaps have gone too far for people to improve. We refurbish them back to a modern and saleable home," he added. And with 40 years experience in the trade, Paul knows a thing or two about renovating properties, from little flats to an historic Grade II Country Hall in Sheffield. That was until he bought this property on Brereton Avenue! Paul smiled and recalled: “I remember walking in the property and thought, what have I done! “To start with I had to spend £30 on Jeyes Fluid to help get rid of the terrible odours and germs that might be lurking before we could start working on the building. “The downstairs floors were in a terrible state and very dangerous. We had to replace all of the downstairs floorboards and joists. “I don't think I have ever worked on a property so badly far gone before," he added. Read more: Travellers don;t want to live in Grimsby - they tell us where they'd rather be Of course business-wise common sense dictates how much you spend on a property. Paul said: “There is only so far you can go, depending on it's location, when you weight up the purchase price and the cost of refurbishments etc. “Everyone is on a budget and depending on the type of property and location, you have to know how far you can go, before you price yourself out of the market," Paul added. And walking into number 169, the transformation is stunning. From new double glazed windows, new floors, new carpets, new windows, new ceilings, new plaster, new central heating system, newly rewired, kitchen, new utility room, solid interior doors, new bathroom, low maintenance front and rear gardens Paul and his team have transformed a rundown and neglected property into a spacious three double bedroomed family home overlooking a park. And Paul has certainly worked his magic and is very proud, with not only on the now odourless brand new bathroom but also the kitchen turning it into a kitchen/diner, retaining the bay window making for a spacious living space. With built-in appliances, this room will surely be the heart of this family home. With two further reception rooms there is space for a growing family. Paul's son William, also helped his father on the project as he is interested in following his father's footsteps and did quite a lot of painting and decorating in between attending university. “He enjoyed the project and now Jackson, Green and Preston's have offered him a taster week to learn all about the estate agency and property trade," said Paul. Paul bought the property last year through a 'modern auction' a new process for buying property which some house buyers and developers are not happy with. “This 'modern' way of buying houses through auction is not right," said Paul. “The only advantage to buying this 'modern' way is that you have longer to complete the transaction. “But maybe people don't realise that you have to pay the auctioneers £5,000 plus VAT (total £6,000) up front just to be able to purchase a property." Read more: Tumble driers recalled over risk of fire “This hikes up the price of housing all round, and in a way its a rip off. “If I go to Allsops down in London they do the traditional way of auctions where you pay just £750 up front. “How can people get on the property ladder this way, young people find it hard enough as it is these days without them having to find an extra £6,000 on top of their purchase price. “It's often adding five-per-cent onto the average price of property to start with and really it's a shoddy practice," he added. But shoddy, 169 Brereton Avenue is not, in fact it's hot and will be for sale with Jackson Green and Preston Estate Agents.More of today's Grimsby news Follow us on Facebook and Twitter Report this article Read more from Grimsby Telegraph Most Recent Most Commented Check out this lavish £750k home near Brigg which has some... Today's top home: An exceptionally spacious detached five... Superb two bedroom Semi-Detached Home in Fallowfield Road,... Amazing transformation of run down home in Brereton Avenue,... Three sheltered homes schemes in Grimsby area to close this year Do you have something to say? Leave your comment here... max 4000 characters 3 comments Newest Oldest Best Rated xochitl  |  May 31 2017, 7:21PM Just like putting lipstick on a pig. |   -8 Report Paradox  |  May 31 2017, 10:34AM "wont believe"? I actually knew what it would look like before looking at the pictures, its basically the same as every "lets buy a cheap home and 'do it up' show on Tv". Probably purchased for £8-10,000 then let for £350-400 per month. Yey! |   -363 Report Kloii  |  May 31 2017, 8:58AM They really should have consulted someone with some interior design taste...it needs a lot of work. |   12 Report YOUR COMMENTS AWAITING MODERATION Mortgage Calculator Total borrowed Term (Years) 40 39 38 37 36 35 34 33 32 31 30 29 28 27 26 25 24 23 22 21 20 19 18 17 16 15 14 13 12 11 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 Interest Rate % Mortgage Type Repayment Interest Only Calculate Monthly repayments of: Total + Interest: Still to pay after term: Change amount For professional FEE-FREE mortgage advice speak to London & Country 0800 953 0591 Visit Website OR Request a callback Name Phone Email Get our money saving newsletter? Book call Privacy policy Send me jobs by email Hot Jobs Teacher Salary : £22,467 - £30,431 Transport Planner/Co-Ordinator Salary : Salary Negotiable Property Manager Salary : Good Rates of Pay Apprentice Chef Salary : £15,300 Chief Executive Salary : £40,000 - £45,000 Support Worker Salary : Good Rates of Pay Graduate Resident Assistants Salary : TBC District Operative Salary : Good rates of pay Nursery Manager Salary : £25,000 - £30,000 Registered Nurses Salary : Undisclosed GARDENER & GENERAL MAINTENANCE HAND Salary : Good Rates of Pay Semi Senior/Senior Accountant Salary : Undisclosed PROJECT MANAGER Salary : Good Rates of Pay Tutor Salary : £21,605 Experienced Administrator Salary : Circa £25,000 Personal Assistant Salary : £9.50 - £11.50 Experienced Landscaper/Groundworker Salary : Competitive FENCE ERECTOR Salary : BASIC PLUS BONUS Finance Manager Salary : £10,380-£12,061 (Point 29-34) Recruitment Consultant – Boston Salary : Competitive basic plus commission  Show your pictures Upload your pictures and share with the community! × Report Abuse Name * Email * What is the primary reason you are reporting this message as abusive? General Abuse Profanity Explicit Content Impersonation Harassment Libel Racial Abuse Religious Abuse Spam Private Information Additional Comments? Cancel Report Abuse Related Links News Cleethorpes Business Crime Politics Entertainment Education Jobs news Health Transport Have Your Say Polls Sport Grimsby Town Cleethorpes Town FC Football Rugby Cricket Other Sport Picture galleries Our site Video Jobs Dating Letters How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Promotions Buy and Sell Notices Buy a Photo Cars Property Classifieds Places Shopping Estate Agents Restaurants Health and Beauty Hotels and Travel Attractions Pubs and Bars Hairdressers Sport and Leisure Services Tradesmen Business Services Motoring Builders and Construction Gardening Education Plumbers Legal Services Taxis & Vehicle Hire Copyright © 2017 Local World. All Rights Reserved. Contact Us Privacy & Cookies Terms & Conditions House Rules
× Subscribe News Features Events CanPlastics TV Resin Prices Buyers Guide Plastiques et Moules Contacts Advertise Topics Automotive Canadian Plastics Construction Economy Environment Materials Moldmaking Packaging Plastics Processes Research & Development Suppliers/People Sustainability Digital Edition View Digital Edition Browse Print Archives Subscribe News Procter & Gamble to shutter Brockville, Ont. plant Nearly 500 employees to be laid off as company moves production to West Virginia. Topics Canadian Plastics Companies Procter & Gamble More News Print this page Tweet May 30, 2017 by Canadian Plastics U.S.-based consumer goods maker and blow molder Procter & Gamble is closing its Brockville, Ont. plant. The Brockville plant – which employs 480 workers – will be permanently closed in late 2020 or early 2021. P&G has operated in Brockville for nearly 40 years. The plant will continue operating normally until early 2020 when P&G will finish shifting production to a new manufacturing plant currently under construction outside Martinsburg, W.V. The Brockville plant – which manufactures Swiffer dusters, fabric softeners and Tide-to-go detergent pens – is one of the company’s four locations in Ontario, including its Canadian head office in Toronto. It will continue operating its manufacturing plant in Belleville as well as its distribution centre in Brantford, Ont. “While this was a difficult decision for the company, the overall redesign efforts will help P&G transform the way it goes to market and revolutionize the way it sources, manufactures and produces across North America,” the company said in a statement. Print this page Tweet Related Procter & Gamble acquires Gillette A. Schulman to shutter Ohio concentrates and additives plant Spartech to shutter Cornwall, Ont., sheet plant ORBIS picks Toronto injection molding plant for annual award Have your say: Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * E-mail * Website Resin Prices Information courtesy www.theplasticsexchange.com. Prices are in US funds and are updated throughout the day. Investor Third Point suggests dividing DowDuPont into six companies Arburg wins Industry 4.0 award for smart luggage tags Services Buyers Guide Update Buyers’ Guide Listing Subscribe Contacts Advertise Magazines View Digital Edition Browse Print Archives View Digital Edition Trending Procter & Gamble to shutter Brockville, Ont. plant Investor Third Point suggests dividing DowDuPont into six companies Covestro names Markus Steilemann as next CEO Arburg wins Industry 4.0 award for smart luggage tags VECTOR INJECTION is worth the drive to Acton Canadian vehicle sales set a record for the month of May: StatsCan Plastics Related Training in Canada Manufacturing Network Sitemap Privacy Policy Copyright Notice © Copyright 2017 Annex Business Media × Close REDWIRE Powered by FRASERS REDWIRE is News you can use from Leading Suppliers. Why? Suppliers realize that B2B Buyer behavior has changed and so must they. Fact is buyers are doing a lot more upfront online research as part of their buying process today. Leading Suppliers want to support this buying process with useful facts, insights and newsworthy content – goes well beyond your typical press release or web site content. Suppliers realize that the content cannot just be “self serving” in nature because the content will not engage and be useful to prospective buyers. Post your own REDWIRE News Okay
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Laxatives Market Research Report: Technological breakthroughs, Value chain and stakeholder analysis by 2024 Laxatives Market Laxatives are supplements used to loosen the stools in order to increase bowel movements. These are used in order to treat constipation. They are used to treat the passage of small amounts of hard and dry stools. Laxatives are generally taken three times a week. They are preferred as medication when remedies such as increase in fiber diet, drinking plenty of water and regular exercise have not helped to cure constipation. Occasional constipation is often treated without laxatives. Laxatives are available as OTC drugs without the need of prescriptions. Although laxatives are present in the market for a longer period of time there is insufficient evidence available about the efficacy of laxatives over each other. Adults usually don’t require prescription for consumption of laxatives as they are easily available as OTC drugs. In children laxatives are only advised to be taken through prescription. The nature of laxatives depends on whether it degenerates the nerves in the intestine or dulling the natural response that will stimulate the peristalsis movement. The laxative market can be segmented according to the route of administration, types of laxatives, by type of product, distribution channel and geography. According to route of administration the market is segmented is into oral and rectal. According to the types of laxatives the market is segmented into bulk forming laxatives, osmotic laxatives, stimulant laxatives and stool softener laxatives. Bulk forming laxatives show their effect after 12-24 hours of administration, osmotic laxatives such as lactulose show their effect after 2-3 days of administration, stimulant laxatives usually work within 6-12 hours of administration and stool softener laxatives work within 12 to 72 hours of administration. According to type of product the laxatives are segmented according to dosage form such as tablets, capsules, powder, suppositories, liquids and gels According to distribution channel the market is segmented into retail pharmacies, hospital pharmacies, drug store and online pharmacies. Geographically, the laxatives market can be segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America and Middle East and Africa. Constipation has become one of the major problems amongst the majority population due to sedentary life style. Sedentary life style includes unhealthy eating habits, less hours of sleep, irregular meal timings and lack of exercise which causes gastric imbalance which can further lead to constipation. This is the major driving factor for the growth of laxative market in the forecast period. Obesity is also a major factor responsible for constipation, hence rising obese cases are one the major reason for the growth of laxative market. Few of the restraints in the laxative market can be due to the side effects of laxatives which are bloating, flatulence, abdominal cramps, feeling sick and dehydration. The side effects caused are generally not taken into more consideration as the constipation itself is a troublesome condition. Use of laxatives as in treatment of obesity has also been one of the restraining factor for the laxative market. View Report- www.transparencymarketresearch.com/laxatives-market.html Geographically the laxative market is segmented into North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific and Middle East and Africa. U.S. and Canada been the largest market for laxatives due to more sedentary life style in these area. Countries such as India, Australia and New Zealand are the largest market for laxatives as the lifestyle disorders are very common in these areas due to high dependence of unhealthy diet, lack of exercise and sedentary life. Europe and Latin America are also are also promising markets in the coming forecast period due to lifestyle changes in these areas and rising gastrointestinal problems. Middle East and Africa are the emerging markets for laxatives as the rising lifestyle changes can increase the usage of laxatives in the forecast period. The leading players in the laxative market are Bayer AG, Boehringer Ingelheim Pharmaceuticals Inc., GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare, Procter & Gamble Company, Purdue Pharma, Sucampo Pharmaceuticals Inc. The report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions. By doing so, the research report serves as a repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market, including but not limited to: Regional markets, technology, types, and applications. The study is a source of reliable data on: Market segments and sub-segments Market trends and dynamics Supply and demand Market size Current trends/opportunities/challenges Competitive landscape Technological breakthroughs Value chain and stakeholder analysis The regional analysis covers: North America (U.S. and Canada) Latin America (Mexico, Brazil, Peru, Chile, and others) Western Europe (Germany, U.K., France, Spain, Italy, Nordic countries, Belgium, Netherlands, and Luxembourg) Eastern Europe (Poland and Russia) Asia Pacific (China, India, Japan, ASEAN, Australia, and New Zealand) Middle East and Africa (GCC, Southern Africa, and North Africa) Request a brochure of this report to know what opportunities will emerge in the rapidly evolving Laxatives Market during 2016- 2024 www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR syndicated research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, TMR’s syndicated reports strive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement. US Office Contact 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Hybrid Operating Room Market by Installation Types, by End user, by Region – Forecast 2016-2027 Next PostNext International Angiography Devices Market 2017-2021: Report Concentrate on (Top Manufacturers, Drivers, Trends, Challenges, Types, Forecast) Search Recent Posts Press Releases | Avnet Newsroom Southwest Airlines Begins Service at Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport Extraits du discours de la HR/VP Federica Mogherini au Sommet de How did dinosaurs ‘proto fly’? Possibly like this How did dinosaurs ‘proto fly’? Possibly like this Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Mascara Sales And Consumption 2017 Market Research Report Mascara -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 PUNE , MAHARASHTRA, INDIA, June 1, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Mascara Industry Description Wiseguyreports.Com Adds “Mascara -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022” To Its Research Database This report studies Mascara in Global market, especially in North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan and India, with production, revenue, consumption, import and export in these regions, from 2012 to 2016, and forecast to 2022. This report focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering L’Oreal Estee Lauder Procter & Gamble LVMH Coty Avon Amore Pacific Missha Chanel Alticor PIAS Natura Revlon Oriflame Groupe Rocher Kose Corp Beiersdorf DHC Gurwitch Pola Orbis Marie Dalgar Carslan Flamingo Guerlain Christian Dior Givenchy CLARINS KENZO Request for Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1331220-global-mascara-market-professional-survey-report-2017 By types, the market can be split into Waterproof Water Resistant By Application, the market can be split into Age 12-17 Age 18-24 Age 25-44 Age 45-64 By Regions, this report covers (we can add the regions/countries as you want) North America China Europe Southeast Asia Japan India If you have any special requirements, please let us know and we will offer you the report as you want. Leave a Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1331220-global-mascara-market-professional-survey-report-2017 Table of Contents Global Mascara Market Professional Survey Report 2017 1 Industry Overview of Mascara 1.1 Definition and Specifications of Mascara 1.1.1 Definition of Mascara 1.1.2 Specifications of Mascara 1.2 Classification of Mascara 1.2.1 Waterproof 1.2.2 Water Resistant 1.3 Applications of Mascara 1.3.1 Age 12-17 1.3.2 Age 18-24 1.3.3 Age 25-44 1.3.4 Age 45-64 1.4 Market Segment by Regions 1.4.1 North America 1.4.2 China 1.4.3 Europe 1.4.4 Southeast Asia 1.4.5 Japan 1.4.6 India … 8 Major Manufacturers Analysis of Mascara 8.1 L’Oreal 8.1.1 Company Profile 8.1.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.1.2.1 Product A 8.1.2.2 Product B 8.1.3 L’Oreal 2016 Mascara Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.1.4 L’Oreal 2016 Mascara Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.2 Estee Lauder 8.2.1 Company Profile 8.2.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.2.2.1 Product A 8.2.2.2 Product B 8.2.3 Estee Lauder 2016 Mascara Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.2.4 Estee Lauder 2016 Mascara Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.3 Procter & Gamble 8.3.1 Company Profile 8.3.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.3.2.1 Product A 8.3.2.2 Product B 8.3.3 Procter & Gamble 2016 Mascara Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.3.4 Procter & Gamble 2016 Mascara Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.4 LVMH 8.4.1 Company Profile 8.4.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.4.2.1 Product A 8.4.2.2 Product B 8.4.3 LVMH 2016 Mascara Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.4.4 LVMH 2016 Mascara Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.5 Coty 8.5.1 Company Profile 8.5.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.5.2.1 Product A 8.5.2.2 Product B 8.5.3 Coty 2016 Mascara Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.5.4 Coty 2016 Mascara Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.6 Avon 8.6.1 Company Profile 8.6.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.6.2.1 Product A 8.6.2.2 Product B 8.6.3 Avon 2016 Mascara Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.6.4 Avon 2016 Mascara Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.7 Amore Pacific 8.7.1 Company Profile 8.7.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.7.2.1 Product A 8.7.2.2 Product B 8.7.3 Amore Pacific 2016 Mascara Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.7.4 Amore Pacific 2016 Mascara Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.8 Missha 8.8.1 Company Profile 8.8.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.8.2.1 Product A 8.8.2.2 Product B 8.8.3 Missha 2016 Mascara Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.8.4 Missha 2016 Mascara Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.9 Chanel 8.9.1 Company Profile 8.9.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.9.2.1 Product A 8.9.2.2 Product B 8.9.3 Chanel 2016 Mascara Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.9.4 Chanel 2016 Mascara Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.10 Alticor 8.10.1 Company Profile 8.10.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.10.2.1 Product A 8.10.2.2 Product B 8.10.3 Alticor 2016 Mascara Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.10.4 Alticor 2016 Mascara Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.11 PIAS 8.12 Natura 8.13 Revlon 8.14 Oriflame 8.15 Groupe Rocher 8.16 Kose Corp 8.17 Beiersdorf 8.18 DHC 8.19 Gurwitch 8.20 Pola Orbis 8.21 Marie Dalgar 8.22 Carslan 8.23 Flamingo 8.24 Guerlain 8.25 Christian Dior 8.26 Givenchy 8.27 CLARINS 8.28 KENZO Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1331220 Continued…                                                                                             Contact Us: Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (Us)  Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (Uk) Norah Trent Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)/+91 841 198 5042 (IND) email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 20170601 PR Statement on President Trump’s Decision to Withdraw the U.S. from Paris Accord Next PostNext Connect with Your Neighbors – Participate in National Night Out Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 27° | Max. 35° Air Quality: PSI 33-53 We set you thinking Monday 5 June 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Learning Minds Special Health & Wellness Special newstream World India's Petronet: no impact on Qatar LNG as Saudi, others cut ties 1496637146 World Saudi Arabia, Egypt, UAE sever ties to Qatar over 'terrorism' 1496637815 Business Oil jumps on Mideast tensions, London attacks hurt sterling; stocks subdued 1496636920 World India shows off space prowess with launch of mega rocket 1496636526 World China says 31 nationals detained in Zambia for illegal mining 1496635174 Business Herbalife raises profit forecast, tops key FTC threshold 1496635263 Business Foxconn says Apple, Amazon to join its bid for Toshiba chip business: Nikkei 1496634464 World Mexico ruling party seen scraping to victory in key state vote 1496634440 Singapore Netizen who drew flak for Traffic Police FB post charged with shoplifting 1496633280 Singapore Public sector to cut water and electricity usage by 2020 1496632860 World China hits back at Taiwan leader's offer of help on democracy 1496633021 World Russia's Putin denies having compromising information on Trump 1496627501 World Saudi Arabia cuts ties to Qatar, cites 'terrorism' 1496632191 World Egypt cuts ties with Qatar, cites support for 'terrorist' groups 1496632235 World London cops adjust to new terror reality with guns, helicopters 1496632627 Voices S’pore football should not rely on Foreign Talent Scheme 1496632620 World Bahrain cuts ties with Qatar for meddling in internal affairs 1496632263 World Mattis fails to ease Asia’s concerns about Trump 1496630820 Business Airlines' standoff in Venezuela getting worse as crisis deepens - IATA 1496630308 Business Fresh safety concerns hang over global airlines conference 1496630308 World "Enough is enough" PM May says after London attackers kill seven 1496606663 World Islamic State jihadists claim London stabbing rampage 1496629800 World In shadow of deadly attacks, British election campaign resumes 1496629165 World On social media, Cambodia’s Buddhist monks double as election correspondents 1496629323 World Trump criticized for tweet on London mayor after bridge attacks 1496628054 World Trump’s off-the-cuff tweets strain foreign ties 1496627520 Business IMF warns U.S. fiscal uncertainty, China's credit growth risk to Asia 1496626507 World China upset at Mattis' 'irresponsible remarks' on South China Sea 1496622240 World Blast hits petrochemical plant in China, damage unknown: Xinhua 1496623993 Singapore Thomas Chua, netizen criticised for FB post on Traffic Police officer, arrested for shoplifting 1496589300 World Hiring quotas seen as one option to bolster womenomics in Japan 1496623625 Business Finnair says its A350 deliveries getting back on track 1496622851 World Music stars unite in Manchester as fans face down fears 1496622727 Voices Food security: Vertical farming may be the answer 1496606520 Business Silk Road hub or tax haven? China's new border trade zone may be less than it seems 1496618716 World British police will name London Bridge attackers when "operationally possible" 1496617874 Singapore TODAY's morning brief for Monday, June 5 1496615400 China&India Singapore ‘very happy’ with China’s contributions to Shangri-La Dialogue 1496606520 Singapore Singapore must play its part in the war against terror: Ng Eng Hen 1496587440 Singapore State intervention ‘keeps extremism at bay, fosters integration’: Shanmugam 1496606520 Singapore Loved ones of those radicalised have a duty to report them: Shanmugam 1496590140 World Islamic State claims responsibility for London attack 1496614149 World 'Oi, cowards!': Londoners fought back as killers rampaged 1496612112 World UAE warns citizens against traveling to UK after London attacks 1496603857 World Some Palestinian ex-prisoners in Gaza say their salaries withheld 1496607491 World Venezuela eyes assembly vote in July; man set ablaze dies 1496605897 Business Coke, Cargill enter fray as sugar dispute threatens Mexico trade 1496608549 Business Saudi Aramco warned by lawyers on New York IPO litigation risks: FT 1496607390 Business Malaysia Airlines close to deal for more widebody Airbus planes 1496604783 Business 'Wonder Woman' could lift Time Warner shares 20 percent - Barron's 1496603225 Singapore Minds’ new CEO eyes expansion of services to help more people Minds CEO Tony Tan See-Boon. Photo: Wee Teck Hian mail print View all comments Tweet By Siau Ming En - siaumingen@mediacorp.com.sg - Published: 4:00 AM, June 2, 2017 Updated: 6:26 AM, June 2, 2017 SINGAPORE — Services to persons with intellectual disabilities can often be provided in fragments, but things may change now that Mr Tony Tan See-Boon, former chief of social enterprise NTUC Link, is heading the Movement for the Intellectually Disabled of Singapore (Minds). He also intends to build on the voluntary welfare organisation’s services and expand them, including hiring more staff members, in order to reach out to more persons with intellectual disabilities. Mr Tan, 53, officially joined Minds on May 22 as its chief executive officer (CEO), taking over from Mr Keh Eng Song, 62, who retired after a 10-year stint there. RelatedNews Singapore A ‘worthwhile endeavour’, thanks to input from wife June 2 Speaking to TODAY, Mr Tan noted that while the current services provided to persons with intellectual disabilities might be necessary for those who have different needs at various points in their lives, others need a more “whole-person” approach to help them transit into different stages of their lives. “Everything that we do — our assessments, our intervention, our educational and training programme — must, in a way, be mutually reinforcing and also build on each other, almost like building a scaffolding,” he explained. While it seems “conceptually obvious” to provide continuous help to its clients — and there are already services in place — Minds can provide more vocational training in its schools to help its clients ease into the workforce upon graduation. “Schools are very important, but there is no point going through school to get some qualification,” he said. “What we need to do is to build in a lot of the vocational aspects, so that in the early times in school, we already have the good assessment tools to see (the person’s potential and) work towards that.” While Minds already serves a broad swathe of its target community, Mr Tan also hopes to expand the organisation’s capabilities and services to help more children who are diagnosed with autism spectrum disorders, for instance. The father of two sons aged 23 and 21 took a pay cut in accepting his new role, but he said the new position felt like a “natural progression” from his previous job. “NTUC Enterprises was a very good transition into that space, and I feel like in my next career phase, a social service organisation like Minds would be so much more purposeful and meaningful,” he added. Mr Tan spent seven-and-a-half years at NTUC Link, helping to build its Plus! customer rewards programme, which serves about 90 per cent of the households here. Before that, he was with multinational corporation Procter & Gamble and American healthcare company Bausch & Lomb Corp. Given that Minds is a large organisation offering a wide range of services, he hopes that his leadership experience in complex organisations, as well as his management skills in working with stakeholders such as government agencies and corporations, will come in useful. Minds employs about 700 people and serves some 2,400 clients aged seven to 70 years old. Under its umbrella are special education schools, employment development centres, training and development centres, and a caregivers support centre, among others. During Mr Keh’s time, Minds set up more day-activity centres and a community group home in Bukit Merah, where some of its more independent clients are able to live in public housing flats. mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Singapore READ COMMENTED “Good progress” made in containing oil spillage after recent collisions “Bedding-in” period of several months to be expected for DTL2: Khaw ‘Zero tolerance’ for religious preaching that fans violence: Shanmugam ‘You have made Singapore very proud today’: PM Lee to Yip Pin Xiu ‘Wrecked dorm’ videos an isolated incident: SCDF ‘Singaporeans owe a profound debt of gratitude to E W Barker’ ‘Guardian angels’ watch over autistic teen in public Yaacob rules himself out of Presidential Election Woman who used Lee Kuan Yew’s name to cheat others charged Warmer days in June as Singapore enters Southwest Monsoon season Wake up to a better you URA releases three sites that can yield 1,955 homes United Airlines announces direct flights between Singapore and Los Angeles Two charged with wrecking Upper Serangoon porridge eatery Traffic Police officer dies in Serangoon Road accident Inside Today World India shows off space prowess with launch of mega rocket Saudi Arabia, Egypt, UAE sever ties to Qatar over 'terrorism' China says 31 nationals detained in Zambia for illegal mining Mexico ruling party seen scraping to victory in key state vote China hits back at Taiwan leader's offer of help on democracy Business Oil jumps on Mideast tensions, London attacks hurt sterling; stocks subdued Herbalife raises profit forecast, tops key FTC threshold Foxconn says Apple, Amazon to join its bid for Toshiba chip business: Nikkei Fresh safety concerns hang over global airlines conference Airlines' standoff in Venezuela getting worse as crisis deepens - IATA Sports S’pore football should not rely on Foreign Talent Scheme Busy Mok on track for KL SEA Games Horse-racing: Quechua wins QEII Cup on third attempt Singapore’s giant-killing run in Darts World Cup ends with narrow q-final loss New ActiveSG club launched for ultimate frisbee Entertainment Once-censored, Cubans now rock to the Beatles at Havana tribute concert Al Gore’s Inconvenient Truth sequel to include Trump’s exit from Paris Accord Actor who posted about Ah Boys to Men 4 audition questioned by cops Wonder Woman sets out on her quest to transform Hollywood Ariana Grande to return to Manchester for star-studded benefit gig About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us: SUBSCRIBE NOW My Profile Log out LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age MenuClose Advertising Age Search Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Video Making Sense of the Connected Life Connected devices from Amazon Echo to smart toothbrushes are taking over, but few of us recognize their real power and potential. Featured Super Bowl Ad Archive Best Places to Work Women to Watch 40 Under 40 Agency Report Leading National Advertisers Tagline Podcast Required Reading The 2017 Marketing Fact Pack Opinion See All DigitalNext The Media Guy Agency Viewpoint Rance Crain Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Log Out Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Now Log Out Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Google Chrome Will Automatically Block Annoying Ads By George Slefo - 12 minutes ago Array 0 Watch the Newest Ads on TV From Sears Craftsman, Experian, JC Penney and More 1 hour ago Array 0 Can You Drop This Off on Your Way Home? Walmart Tests Delivery by Store Employees By Jack Neff - 3 hours ago Array 0 Google's New London HQ to Have a Basketball Court and Roof Trail 3 hours ago Array 0 `Wonder Woman' Sets Out to Transform Hollywood 4 hours ago Array 0 Google Chrome Will Automatically Block Annoying Ads By George Slefo - 12 minutes ago 0 `Wonder Woman' Sets Out to Transform Hollywood 4 hours ago 0 Burger King Gives Up the 'King' in Its Name Following Belgian Royal Family Shenanigans By Ann-Christine Diaz - 5 hours ago 0 Microsoft Overhauls Skype for the Age of Snapchat 5 hours ago 0 Tiny Toast is Toast: General Mills Benches Brand Name By Jessica Wohl - 16 hours ago 0 Ad Age's Women to Watch 2017 - 11 hours ago 0 Marketers Struggle With Viewability IRL, Too By Jack Neff - 18 hours ago 0 Ballad of the Sad White Alpha Men By Simon Dumenco - 18 hours ago 0 NBC Wins Broadcast TV's Annual War of Attrition By Anthony Crupi - Yesterday 0 Strahan Reveals Locker Room Secrets (And What He Thinks of Ryan Seacrest) By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 11 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US × Sign In Register Sign In Forgot Password? Once registered, you can: - Read additional free articles each month - Comment on articles and featured creative work - Get our curated newsletters delivered to your inbox Register Now By registering you agree to our privacy policy, terms & conditions and to receive occasional emails from Ad Age. You may unsubscribe at any time. Are you a print subscriber? Activate your account. Google Chrome Will Automatically Block Annoying Ads By George Slefo. Published on June 01, 2017. Google CEO Sundar Pichai speaks during a Google product launch event in San Francisco last fall. Credit: Michael Short/Bloomberg Google's Chrome browser will soon come with preinstalled technology that will block the most annoying ads currently marring the web experience, the company confirmed on Thursday. Publishers will be able to understand how they will be affected through a tool Google is dubbing "The Ad Experience Report." It will basically score a publisher's site and inform them which of their ads are "annoying experiences." At the same time, Chrome will give publishers the option to force a choice on people running their own ad blocking software: whitelist the site so its non-annoying ads can display or pay a small fee to access the content ad-free. The moves, which had been anticipated since word got out in April but hadn't been previously confirmed by Google, will impact the entire advertising ecosystem because Chrome is the most popular web browser for both desktop and mobile. "We've all known for a while that the ad experience is a real problem, and that it's confused and angered users," Sridhar Ramaswamy, senior VP of ads and commerce at Google, told Ad Age. "We realized solutions like ad blockers punish everybody, including publishers who develop great content and are thoughtful about the ad experience they put on their site." Google isn't calling its technology an ad blocker, instead classifying it as a "filter" that removes the ads that consumers hate most. These include popups, ads that flash quickly, change colors or force people to wait 10 seconds before accessing content on a publisher's page. The effort to install such software on Chrome is a result of work by the Coalition for Better Ads, whose members include Google, Procter & Gamble, Unilever, WPP's GroupM, Facebook, Thomson Reuters, The Washington Post as well as the Interactive Advertising Bureau and the Association of National Advertisers. In an effort to develop a Better Ads Standard and slow the spread of ad-blocking software, the Coalition set out to determine which ad formats were most at fault. It paid some 25,000 study participants in the U.S. and Europe to rate 104 different ad experiences on desktop and mobile. Chrome's "filter" is informed partly by the results. The industry is particularly eager to keep ad blocking from taking off on mobile devices, where it has a 1% adoption rate, the way it already has on desktop computers, where the figure is 18%, according to Mary Meeker's 2017 Internet Trends report. "We think getting ads right is really, really important to the future for the internet. We love the sources of information that makes the internet great," Ramaswamy said. "What's scary is ad blocking has been a big problem on desktop and has been a big problem for the last few years." "Hopefully leading to a much better, much stable ecosystem for everybody," he added. "We are very excited about what we're announcing and doing here." The option for publishers to charge for ad-free access is called Funding Choices. "We want to provide consumers with choice," Scott Spencer, director of product management at Google, told Ad Age. "The publisher will get compensated either way and it will help explain to the consumer the value of advertising." Users who opt to shell out to avoid ads will pay with their Google Play account, Spencer said. Google said it expects to roll out the features in early 2018. In this article: Ad Blocking Digital Mobile Search Technology Most Popular Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Site by AREA 17
Follow @triplepundit 48.5k Triple Pundit: People, Planet, Profit Menu Special Series Building Healthier Communities In this four-part mini-series, we’ll unpack how large firms can get down to the grassroots level when it comes to engaging communities around health and wellness. Sponsored by Aetna Foundation Your Corporate Guide to Responsible Waste Management In this editorial series in partnership with Covanta Environmental Solutions, we’ll explore steps your company can take to edge closer to zero waste targets. Sponsored by Covanta Responsible Forestry In this series sponsored by Procter and Gamble, we’ll explore what it means to practice “responsible forestry” and how trailblazing companies can lead the way. Sponsored by Procter & Gamble Close Events Good Capital Project (3p discount code “GC_TriplePundit “) The Good Capital Project, through a new design thinking process, will convene all constituents to drive greater collaboration and accelerate capital flows into purpose driven investments. [REGISTER HERE] Use code GC_TriplePundit for 15% off June 19: New York Green Sports Alliance Summit 2017 "PLAY GREENER: Engaging Fans, Athletes & Communities", focused on mobilizing members and partners to bring about positive environmental and social impact across their fan-base and surrounding communities. [REGISTER HERE] June 27-29: Sacramento Companies vs Climate Change: Europe and USA Events. An event series whose mission it is to bring together companies from around the world to discuss climate change and how they can work together to address it most impactfully. Now building sponsorship and registration. [INFO HERE] Oct & Dec: Brussels & Miami Close 3p Podium Media Kit Pulling Out of Paris a Blow to American Business, Innovation, Jobs by 3p Contributor on Thursday, Jun 1st, 2017 Share Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) By Mindy Lubber and Bob Keefe On the campaign trail, Donald Trump promised to be “the greatest jobs president that God ever created.” But our would-be jobs president is risking millions of jobs and U.S. economic competitiveness with his short-sighted decision to pull the United States out of the Paris Climate Agreement. More than three million American workers and counting now earn a living in the clean energy sector. The international clean energy market is worth an astounding $1.4 trillion a year. Delivering on the promise of the Paris climate agreement would unlock an estimated $19 trillion in economic growth globally. By pulling out of the Paris Agreement, President Trump just told those three million American workers he doesn’t care about their jobs. He’s invited signatories to levy carbon tariffs on U.S. goods shipped overseas – a step the European Union and other countries are now considering. And he has signaled he’s willing leave America on sidelines (alongside Syria and Nicaragua, the only other countries not part of the Paris Agreement) while other countries take leadership on climate and clean energy – and reap the economic rewards that come with it. China, for instance, is investing at least $360 billion on renewable energy in the next three years. Already the world’s biggest producer of solar energy, China is now home to five of the six largest solar panel manufacturing firms. Two years ago, it overtook the United States as the largest market for electric vehicles.  In turn, China has created millions of clean energy jobs, helping lead to an annual economic growth rate of nearly seven percent. American businesses don’t want to play second fiddle to China or any other country. That’s why more than 1,100 companies signed a statement backing the Paris Agreement and low-carbon policies. It’s why more than 30 CEOs from Goldman Sachs to Dow Chemical Company to Procter & Gamble took out a full-page ad calling for continued U.S. participation in the Paris Agreement. And it’s why, while President Trump was at the G-7 meetings in Italy last week, more than 365 business leaders and investors from large, medium and small businesses signed yet another letter imploring President Trump not to take away business opportunities by pulling our country out of the Paris Agreement. Plain and simple, American companies know the Paris climate agreement is good for business. It’s a chance to ensure America leads in a thriving new energy sector, instead of falling behind competitors. Unfortunately, President Trump didn’t listen to business leaders, his Secretary of State, or other clear voices of reason who advised him that pulling out of Paris will hurt our international relations, our economy and our environment. Now it’s up to others to fill the void he’s left. Congress can start by not agreeing to the drastic and draconian cuts President Trump has proposed for the Department of Energy (DOE) and the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) – cuts that would eliminate the highly successful Energy Star efficiency program, DOE’s energy R&D programs, and slash funding for renewable energy and energy efficiency projects across America. States must continue to find ways to lead where Washington is failing us. While President Trump was pulling out of Paris, the California legislature pushed forward plans to get 100 percent of the state’s power from renewables. Other states are making similar moves because they know jobs, investments and a cleaner air and water come with it. And business leaders must continue to lead by example by expanding their own sustainability efforts, demanding more clean energy for their factories and offices and making it known in Congress, in the states and on the international stage, that they support action on climate and clean energy. Even if our president continues to ignore them. Mindy Lubber is CEO and president of Ceres, a nonprofit sustainability advocacy organization working with the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Bob Keefe is executive director of E2, a national nonpartisan group of business owners, investors and others who advocate for policies that are good for the economy and good for the environment. Image credit: Zach Dischner, Flickr TriplePundit has published articles from over 1000 contributors. If you'd like to be a guest author, please get in touch! Follow 3p Contributor @triplepundit Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Register here if you need an account. Our sponsors Media Kit Access Would your company like to join our conversation? We offer branded content, twitter chats, event promotion, custom content channels and more. Learn more. Check out our newsletters More than 30,000 subscribers get our daily and weekly updates. Join them now. Email address Weekly Mailing List Daily Mailing List Submit Ready to comment? Register for an account below Name* First Last Email* Enter Email Confirm Email Create your username* Captcha After submitting this form, you must check your email for your password before logging in. Follow Triple Pundit Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Search terms Search WORK WITH US About 3p Advertise with us Contact us Newsletter Sponsored content policy Write for us Privacy policy Legal Sitemap MEET OUR TEAM Founder: Nick Aster Ed in Chief: Jen Boynton Editor: Mary Mazzoni Social Media: Marissa Rosen Partnerships: Travis Noland TriplePundit is a Certified B Corp. Offsets Provided by ClimateCare. Use our carbon calculator here. TriplePundit's office is at Impact HUB San Francisco. All content © 2009-2017 Triple Pundit Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > Market Data Forecast Tweet   North America Pregnancy Testing market has increased by USD 104.1 million from 2016 to 2021 North America Pregnancy Testing Market by Product Type (Pregnancy Test Kits, Ovulation/Fertility Test Kits) by Test Type and by Region, Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecasts (20162021)   (EMAILWIRE.COM, June 01, 2017 ) Market Data Forecast recently published a report on the North America Pregnancy Testing Market which estimates the market to grow from USD 444.30 million from 2016 to USD 548.4 million with a high CAGR of 4.3%. For full report refer to: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-pregnancy-testing-market-202/ Pregnancy tests are tests used to detect the presence of reproductive hormones such as Follicle Stimulating Hormone or Luteinising Hormone. Fertility rapid test kits help in finding the exact day of ovulation or confirm the presence of menopause in women where as they are used to detect the sperm count in men. Free Sample for the report is available at: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-pregnancy-testing-market-202/request-sample The DROC Analysis contains some of the factors that have major effects on the market dynamics be it positive or negative. Pregnancy testing market is mainly driven by factors such as growing prevalence of infertility and gynaecological disorders, rising demand for fast and independent tests and availability of decentralized diagnostic tests over time consuming laboratory tests. Technology advancements and rising first-time pregnancy age are some of the other factors supporting the growth of pregnancy testing market. However high prices of these products and tests and low adaptation rate are the major factors hindering the growth of the market Enquire more about the report at: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-pregnancy-testing-market-202/inquire The products are segmented based on Product type and test type and studied for a deep-level understanding of the Pregnancy Testing market. Each sub segment is accompanied with Market Size Estimations and Y-o-Y Forecasts as well. By Product Type  Pregnancy Test Kits  Ovulation/Fertility Test Kits By Test Type  FSH Urine Test  Luteinizing Hormone (LH) Urine Test  Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG)  Hormone Blood Test  Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG)  Hormone Urine Test To Customize please visit: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-pregnancy-testing-market-202/customize-report North American Market is studied in geographic perspective by segregating the market shares between USA and Canada. The study identifies USA as the predominant market in the North American region and it holds well in the Global Market too. To buy the report please go to: https://www.marketdataforecast.com/cart/buy-now/north-america-pregnancy-testing-market-202 Some of the major companies covered in the report are Alere Inc., Quidel Corporation, Prestige Brands Holdings, Church & Dwight Co., Inc., bioMérieux SA, Geratherm Medical AG, Germaine Laboratories, Abbott Laboratories, Kent Pharmaceuticals, Rite-Aid, Procter & Gamble Co., DCC Plc., and Swiss Precision Diagnostics GmbH Scope of the North America Pregnancy Testing Market:  Regional and country-level analysis that provides an innate perspective of USA and Canada Market to that of the North American region  To detect major focus areas of industrial growth Segment-level analysis on basis of product type and test type along with market size forecasts and y-o-y estimations are provided  Detailed explanation of major drivers, restraints, opportunities, and challenges (DROC) that affect the market and impact the ever-shifting market dynamics  PESTLE and Porters Five Forces Analyses that examine the macro & micro environmental factors such as political influence, technological prowess, industry rivalry to name a few.  An extensive listing of major market players along with company overview, product portfolios, key financial information (subjected to availability), SWOT analysis and analyst overview to study and sustain the market environment  mergers, acquisitions, collaborations in the field along with new product launches, comparative financial studies and recent developments in the market by the major companies all rolled out into Competitive landscape  Expertly devised Market Outlook comprising the Investment opportunities to provide both individuals and organizations a strong financial foothold in the market Checkout other related studies in the Medical Devices Segment: Gynaecological examination chairs Market: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-gynecological-examination-chairs-market-1448/ Glucose monitoring device Market: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-glucose-monitoring-device-market-620/ General surgical device Market: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-general-surgical-device-market--1441/ Foot and ankle devices Market: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-foot-and-ankle-devices-market-1638/ Enteral feeding devices Market: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-enteral-feeding-devices-market-692/ About Market Data Forecast: The publisher of this report is Market Data Forecast whose forte lies in Market research and Business Intelligence. Handling both individual and corporate clients across multiple business domains they offer syndicated/customized research to suit the clients research objective. Their research reports section offers a wide variety of market studies ranging from all-encompassing comprehensive market studies to product specific niche markets covering North America among other regions of the global market as well. For more info kindly visit, www.marketdataforecast.com Visit Market Data Forecast Blog @ http://www.marketdataforecast.com/blog/ View latest Press Releases of MDF @ http://www.marketdataforecast.com/press-releases Contact Information: Market Data Forecast Abhishek Tel: +1-888- 702-9626 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by wiseguyreports Mascara Industry Sales, Supply And Consumption 2017 Analysis And Forecasts To 2022 Mascara Industry Description Wiseguyreports.Com Adds “Mascara -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022” To Its Research Database This report studies Mascara in Global market, especially in North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan and India, with production, revenue, consumption, import and export in these regions, from 2012 to 2016, and forecast to 2022. This report focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering L’Oreal Estee Lauder Procter & Gamble LVMH Coty Avon Amore Pacific Missha Chanel Alticor PIAS Natura Revlon Oriflame Groupe Rocher Kose Corp Beiersdorf DHC Gurwitch Pola Orbis Marie Dalgar Carslan Flamingo Guerlain Christian Dior Givenchy CLARINS KENZO Request for Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1331220-global-mascara-market-professional-survey-report-2017 By types, the market can be split into Waterproof Water Resistant By Application, the market can be split into Age 12-17 Age 18-24 Age 25-44 Age 45-64 By Regions, this report covers (we can add the regions/countries as you want) North America China Europe Southeast Asia Japan India If you have any special requirements, please let us know and we will offer you the report as you want. Leave a Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1331220-global-mascara-market-professional-survey-report-2017   Table of Contents Global Mascara Market Professional Survey Report 2017 1 Industry Overview of Mascara 1.1 Definition and Specifications of Mascara 1.1.1 Definition of Mascara 1.1.2 Specifications of Mascara 1.2 Classification of Mascara 1.2.1 Waterproof 1.2.2 Water Resistant 1.3 Applications of Mascara 1.3.1 Age 12-17 1.3.2 Age 18-24 1.3.3 Age 25-44 1.3.4 Age 45-64 1.4 Market Segment by Regions 1.4.1 North America 1.4.2 China 1.4.3 Europe 1.4.4 Southeast Asia 1.4.5 Japan 1.4.6 India … 8 Major Manufacturers Analysis of Mascara 8.1 L’Oreal 8.1.1 Company Profile 8.1.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.1.2.1 Product A 8.1.2.2 Product B 8.1.3 L’Oreal 2016 Mascara Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.1.4 L’Oreal 2016 Mascara Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.2 Estee Lauder 8.2.1 Company Profile 8.2.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.2.2.1 Product A 8.2.2.2 Product B 8.2.3 Estee Lauder 2016 Mascara Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.2.4 Estee Lauder 2016 Mascara Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.3 Procter & Gamble 8.3.1 Company Profile 8.3.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.3.2.1 Product A 8.3.2.2 Product B 8.3.3 Procter & Gamble 2016 Mascara Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.3.4 Procter & Gamble 2016 Mascara Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.4 LVMH 8.4.1 Company Profile 8.4.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.4.2.1 Product A 8.4.2.2 Product B 8.4.3 LVMH 2016 Mascara Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.4.4 LVMH 2016 Mascara Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.5 Coty 8.5.1 Company Profile 8.5.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.5.2.1 Product A 8.5.2.2 Product B 8.5.3 Coty 2016 Mascara Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.5.4 Coty 2016 Mascara Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.6 Avon 8.6.1 Company Profile 8.6.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.6.2.1 Product A 8.6.2.2 Product B 8.6.3 Avon 2016 Mascara Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.6.4 Avon 2016 Mascara Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.7 Amore Pacific 8.7.1 Company Profile 8.7.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.7.2.1 Product A 8.7.2.2 Product B 8.7.3 Amore Pacific 2016 Mascara Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.7.4 Amore Pacific 2016 Mascara Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.8 Missha 8.8.1 Company Profile 8.8.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.8.2.1 Product A 8.8.2.2 Product B 8.8.3 Missha 2016 Mascara Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.8.4 Missha 2016 Mascara Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.9 Chanel 8.9.1 Company Profile 8.9.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.9.2.1 Product A 8.9.2.2 Product B 8.9.3 Chanel 2016 Mascara Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.9.4 Chanel 2016 Mascara Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.10 Alticor 8.10.1 Company Profile 8.10.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.10.2.1 Product A 8.10.2.2 Product B 8.10.3 Alticor 2016 Mascara Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.10.4 Alticor 2016 Mascara Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.11 PIAS 8.12 Natura 8.13 Revlon 8.14 Oriflame 8.15 Groupe Rocher 8.16 Kose Corp 8.17 Beiersdorf 8.18 DHC 8.19 Gurwitch 8.20 Pola Orbis 8.21 Marie Dalgar 8.22 Carslan 8.23 Flamingo 8.24 Guerlain 8.25 Christian Dior 8.26 Givenchy 8.27 CLARINS 8.28 KENZO Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1331220 Continued…                                                                                             Contact Us: Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (Us)  Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (Uk)     CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsGlobal  Mascara Market  Share, Global 1, Global Mascara Industry, Global Mascara Market  Size, Global Mascara Market  Trends, Mascara, Mascara Growth, Mascara Industry, Mascara Industry Trends, Mascara Manufacturer, Mascara Manufacturers, Mascara Market, Mascara Market Analysis, Mascara Market Growth, Mascara Market Share, Mascara market size, Mascara Market Trends, Mascara Prospectus, Mascara Segmentation, NASA, SpaceX Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Metal Replacement Market Expected to Reach $166,762 Million, Globally, by 2022 Next PostNext Carbofuran Market Overview, Industry Top Manufactures, Market Size, Industry Growth Analysis & Forecast: 2021 Search Recent Posts U.S. CONFERENCE OF MAYORS ISSUES STATEMENT ON LONDON TERROR ATTACK Block Party Celebrates Community in the Face of Indignity People Won’t Refuse to Wear Airwheel C5 Smart Bike Helmet Samsung 60th Festival of Sport Carnival cum Closing Ceremony successfully concluded Samsung 60th Festival of Sport Carnival cum Closing Ceremony successfully concluded Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures newsletters crosswords Facebook Twitter business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business more sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development home US politics world selected opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close India India's slowing growth blamed on 'big mistake' of demonetisation Prime minister Narendra Modi’s policy of stopping issue of higher value banknotes has weakened economy, say experts Slower growth means there may not be enough jobs for new entrants to the Indian labour market. Photograph: Aijaz Rahi/AP Photo India India's slowing growth blamed on 'big mistake' of demonetisation Prime minister Narendra Modi’s policy of stopping issue of higher value banknotes has weakened economy, say experts Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Michael Safi South Asia correspondent @safimichael Thursday 1 June 2017 09.31 EDT Last modified on Thursday 1 June 2017 17.00 EDT India has posted its slowest growth rate in two years, ceding its status as the world’s fastest-growing major economy to China, with economists blaming the downturn partly on last year’s shock decision to recall the country’s two highest-value bank notes. India withdraws 500 and 1,000 rupee notes in effort to fight corruption Read more Analysts said the 6.1% GDP growth figure for the January to March quarter – compared with China’s 6.9% – reflected a general economic slowdown in the south Asian giant, compounded by the shock demonetisation of 500 and 1,000 rupee banknotes, worth approximately £6 and £12. The move led to months of acute cash shortages across India that hit the country’s manufacturing and construction sectors particularly hard, the former recording slower growth than in the same period last year. The construction sector contracted by 3.7%. The cash recall was intended to hasten the country’s transition towards a formal economy and close down the booming economy of untaxed cash transactions, which aid corruption, the funding of terrorist groups and keeps counterfeit notes in circulation. It was also expected to unearth stashes of untaxed wealth in a country where just 1% pay income tax. India’s Reserve Bank is yet to say how much “black money” was deposited in banks but early indications suggest it was less than expected. India's small businesses facing 'apocalypse' amid biggest financial experiment in history Read more Gurchuran Das, an economic commentator, said the lagging growth was well below the rate India required to create enough jobs to match the number of new entrants to the workforce, estimated to be roughly 1 million people a month. “It shows that demonetisation was a big mistake,” he said. “What this has done is put us back about six months. We should have been inching towards 8% annual growth, but have ended up around 7.1%. “We’ve really got to be at 9% growth to create the jobs we need,” he said. “Already we were having problems creating those jobs, but demonetisation has exacerbated it by a couple of quarters.” He said the economy had bounced back after cash shortages eased in January and the country was likely reach 8% growth in the next three to four years, a prediction shared by the global ratings agency Moody’s. India's banknote ban: how Modi botched the policy yet kept his political capital Read more Arvind Subramanian, India’s chief economist, said the reduction in growth was “quite expected” after demonetisation, and that the replenishment of cash stocks and the monsoon period would help the economy rebound. Growth in India has been slowing since the middle of 2016, according to HSBC, but Das said the country’s economy was generally wellmanaged. “The inflation rate is the lowest it’s been in five years, the fiscal deficit has come down, and India has in fact become the largest destination for foreign investment in the world,” the former CEO of Procter & Gamble India said. He added that the key to creating high-productivity jobs in the formal sector was expanding India’s share of global exports, currently around 1.7%. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Prime Minister Narendra Modi arriving in St Petersburg on Wednesday. Photograph: Tass/Barcroft Images India is preparing to introduce a national goods and services tax in July that is expected to make the country a more attractive destination for foreign investment, cut red tape for business and increase trade between states. But Moody’s has warned the country needs to further reduce debt levels if it hopes to boost its international credit rating, currently just above junk status. Although the implementation of demonetisation was seen as botched by some, the policy is thought to have been a political coup for the Indian prime minister, Narendra Modi. In March, he decisively won an election in India’s largest state that was seen as a referendum on the scheme. Topics India Economics South and Central Asia Narendra Modi news Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world selected opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world selected UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video World › India business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business back to top become a supporter make a contribution Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Dollar General Corporation Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results Net Sales Increased 6.5%; Same-Store Sales Increased 0.7% Diluted Earnings Per Share of $1.02, Including Approximately $0.01 Charge for the Early Retirement of Long-Term Obligations $160 Million of Capital Returned to Shareholders in the Quarter Company Confirms Fiscal Year 2017 Diluted EPS Guidance; Updates Other Guidance Board of Directors Declares Second Quarter 2017 Dividend June 01, 2017 06:55 AM Eastern Daylight Time GOODLETTSVILLE, Tenn.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Dollar General Corporation (NYSE: DG) today reported financial results for its 2017 first quarter (13 weeks) ended May 5, 2017. “For the first quarter of 2017, I am pleased with our earnings results which reflect solid management of the business in a difficult retail environment as we overcame our most challenging comparisons from the prior year. Our same-store sales improved as we moved past the delay in income tax refunds and the timing shift of the later Easter holiday. We continue to execute on our focused strategy and implement our operating initiatives which we believe will improve customer traffic and transactions,” said Todd Vasos, Dollar General’s chief executive officer. First Quarter 2017 Financial Highlights Net sales increased 6.5 percent to $5.61 billion in the 2017 first quarter compared to $5.27 billion in the 2016 first quarter. Same-store sales in the 2017 first quarter increased 0.7 percent over the 2016 first quarter primarily due to an increase in average transaction amount, partially offset by a decline in traffic. Same-store sales were driven by positive results in the consumables and apparel categories, partially offset by negative results in the home and seasonal categories. The net sales increase was also positively affected by sales from new stores, partially offset by sales from closed stores. Gross profit, as a percentage of net sales, was 30.3 percent in the 2017 first quarter compared to 30.6 percent in the 2016 first quarter, a decrease of 34 basis points. The gross profit rate decrease was primarily attributable to higher markdowns, primarily for inventory clearance and promotional activities, a greater proportion of sales of consumables, which tend to have a lower gross profit rate as compared to non-consumables, and the mix within consumables. Partially offsetting these items were higher initial inventory markups. Selling, general and administrative expense (“SG&A”), as a percentage of net sales was 21.8 percent in the 2017 first quarter compared to 21.5 percent in the 2016 first quarter, an increase of 34 basis points as a percentage of net sales. The SG&A increase was primarily attributable to increased labor costs, primarily as a result of the Company’s investment in store manager compensation, and occupancy costs, which increased at a rate greater than the increase in net sales. Partially offsetting these costs were a reduction in advertising costs and lower waste management costs resulting from the Company’s recycling efforts. The Company’s net income and diluted earnings per share (“EPS”) for the 2017 first quarter were $279 million and $1.02, respectively, compared to net income and diluted EPS of $295 million and $1.03, respectively, in the 2016 first quarter. Diluted EPS for the 2017 first quarter includes a charge of approximately $0.01 related to the early retirement of long-term obligations. The effective income tax rate in the 2017 first quarter was 37.2 percent compared to 35.4 percent in the 2016 first quarter. The effective income tax rate was higher in the 2017 first quarter due primarily to the recognition of a tax benefit of approximately $9.0 million or $0.03 per diluted share in the 2016 quarter associated with stock-based compensation that did not reoccur in the 2017 quarter. Merchandise Inventories As of May 5, 2017, total merchandise inventories, at cost, were $3.30 billion compared to $3.07 billion as of April 29, 2016, an increase of 0.5 percent on a per-store basis. Capital Expenditures Total additions to property and equipment in the 2017 first quarter were $144 million, including: $54 million for distribution and transportation-related capital expenditures; $50 million for improvements, upgrades, remodels and relocations of existing stores; and $35 million related to new leased stores, primarily for leasehold improvements, fixtures and equipment. During the 2017 first quarter, the Company opened 293 new stores and remodeled or relocated 301 stores. Share Repurchases The Company repurchased $89 million, or 1.3 million shares, under its share repurchase program in the first quarter of 2017, at an average price of $70.86 per share. Since December 2011 through the end of the first quarter of 2017, the Company has repurchased 75.6 million shares of its common stock at a total cost of $4.7 billion, at an average price of $61.57 per share. The total remaining authorization for future repurchases was approximately $845 million at the end of the 2017 first quarter. The authorization has no expiration date. Dividend On May 31, 2017, the Board of Directors declared a regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.26 per share on the Company’s common stock. The second quarter dividend will be payable on July 25, 2017 to shareholders of record at the close of business on July 11, 2017. Acquisition In April 2017, the Federal Trade Commission approved the Company’s proposed purchase of 322 store locations in 36 states from a small-box multi-price point retailer. The transaction is expected to close during June 2017, subject to customary closing conditions. The store sites are anticipated to be converted to the Dollar General banner by the end of November 2017. The acquisition of these sites is expected to be incremental to the Company’s 2017 new store growth by approximately 290 new stores over the prior guidance of 1,000 new stores for fiscal 2017. The Company anticipates sales from the acquired sites to impact fiscal 2017 (as defined below in “Financial Outlook”) net sales by approximately 100 basis points. The Company anticipates the acquisition will be modestly accretive to EPS for the fiscal year. An estimated $0.02 per diluted share charge is forecasted in the second quarter primarily related to lease termination costs for a small number of overlapping store locations, as well as ancillary costs related to the pending store locations. No assurances can be given that the transaction will be closed or will be closed within the expected timeframe or that the store sites will be converted to the Dollar General banner within the timeframe anticipated. Any failure to close the transaction or a delay in such closing or in the conversion of the store sites to the Dollar General banner would impact the financial estimates and store count outlined above. Financial Outlook For the 52-week fiscal year ending February 2, 2018 (“fiscal 2017”), and including the anticipated closing of the transaction discussed above under “Acquisition,” GAAP diluted EPS is forecasted to remain consistent with the prior guidance range of $4.25 to $4.50. Assuming such transaction is consummated as planned and the store sites are converted to the Dollar General banner on the expected timeframe, as detailed above, the Company’s net sales are forecasted to increase by approximately five to seven percent as compared with the prior guidance range of four to six percent and capital expenditures for fiscal 2017 are expected to be in the range of $715 million to $765 million as compared with the prior guidance range of $650 million to $700 million. The Company’s same-store sales growth is unchanged from the prior guidance range of slightly positive to an increase of two percent. Share repurchases for fiscal 2017 continue to be forecasted to be approximately $450 million. For fiscal 2017, assuming the closing of the acquisition as discussed above, the Company plans to open approximately 1,290 new stores in addition to remodeling or relocating 760 stores and to reduce the Company’s total projects for remodels and relocations by 140 to allow for organizational capacity to execute the incremental new store growth anticipated to result from the pending acquisition. Conference Call Information The Company will hold a conference call on Thursday, June 1, 2017 at 9:00 a.m. CT/10:00 a.m. ET, hosted by Todd Vasos, chief executive officer and John Garratt, chief financial officer. If you wish to participate, please call (855) 576-2641 at least 10 minutes before the conference call is scheduled to begin. The conference ID is 14434844. The call will also be broadcast live online at www.dollargeneral.com under “Investor Information, Conference Calls and Investor Events.” A replay of the conference call will be available through Thursday, June 15, 2017, and will be accessible online or by calling (855) 859-2056. The conference ID for the replay is 14434844. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking information, including statements regarding the Company’s outlook, plans and intentions, including, but not limited to, statements made within the quotations of Mr. Vasos and in the sections entitled “Acquisition” and “Financial Outlook”. A reader can identify forward-looking statements because they are not limited to historical fact or they use words such as “outlook,” “may,” “will,” “should,” “could,” “would,” “believe,” “anticipate,” “plan,” “expect,” “estimate,” “forecast,” “confident,” “opportunities,” “goal,” “prospect,” “positioned,” “intend,” “committed,” “continue,” “looking ahead,” “going forward,” “focused on,” or “will likely result,” and similar expressions that concern the Company’s strategy, plans, intentions or beliefs about future occurrences or results. These matters involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual performance of the Company to differ materially from that which the Company expected. Many of these statements are derived from the Company’s operating budgets and forecasts as of the date of this release, which are based on many detailed assumptions that the Company believes are reasonable. However, it is very difficult to predict the effect of known factors on the Company’s future results, and the Company cannot anticipate all factors that could affect future results that may be important to an investor. All forward-looking information should be evaluated in the context of these risks, uncertainties and other factors. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the expectations expressed in or implied by such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: economic conditions and other economic factors, including their effect on employment levels, consumer demand, customer traffic, customer disposable income, credit availability and spending patterns, inflation, commodity prices, fuel prices, interest rates, exchange rate fluctuations and the cost of goods; failure to successfully execute the Company’s strategies and initiatives, including those relating to merchandising, marketing, real estate, sourcing, shrink, private brand, distribution and transportation, store operations, store formats, budgeting and expense reduction, and technology; failure to open, relocate and remodel stores profitably and on schedule, as well as failure of the Company’s new store base to achieve sales and operating levels consistent with the Company’s expectations; effective response to competitive pressures and changes in the competitive environment and the markets where the Company operates, including, but not limited to, consolidation and omnichannel shopping; levels of inventory shrinkage; failure to successfully manage inventory balances; disruptions, unanticipated or unusual expenses or operational failures in the Company’s supply chain including, without limitation, a decrease in transportation capacity for overseas shipments, increases in transportation costs (including increased fuel costs and carrier rates or driver wages), work stoppages or other labor disruptions that could impede the receipt of merchandise, or delays in constructing or opening new distribution centers; risks and challenges associated with sourcing merchandise from suppliers, including, but not limited to, those related to international trade; risks and challenges associated with the Company’s private brands, including, but not limited to, the Company’s level of success in gaining and maintaining broad market acceptance of its private brands; unfavorable publicity or consumer perception of the Company’s products, including, but not limited to, related product liability; the impact of changes in or noncompliance with governmental laws and regulations (including, but not limited to, environmental compliance, product safety, food safety, information security and privacy, and labor and employment laws, as well as tax laws, the interpretation of existing tax laws, or the Company’s failure to sustain its reporting positions negatively affecting the Company’s tax rate) and developments in or outcomes of private actions, class actions, administrative proceedings, regulatory actions or other litigation; incurrence of material uninsured losses, excessive insurance costs or accident costs; natural disasters, unusual weather conditions, pandemic outbreaks, terrorist acts and geo-political events; failure to maintain the security of information that the Company holds, whether as a result of cybersecurity attacks or otherwise; damage or interruption to the Company’s information systems or failure of technology initiatives to deliver desired or timely results; ability to attract, train and retain qualified employees, while controlling labor costs (including effects of potential federal or state regulatory changes related to overtime exemptions, if implemented) and other labor issues; loss of key personnel, inability to hire additional qualified personnel or disruption of executive management as a result of retirements or transitions; seasonality of the Company’s business; deterioration in market conditions, including market disruptions, limited liquidity and interest rate fluctuations, or a lowering of the Company’s credit ratings; new accounting guidance, or changes in the interpretation or application of existing guidance, such as changes to guidance related to leases, revenue recognition and intra-company transfers; the factors disclosed under “Risk Factors” in the Company’s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K; and such other factors as may be discussed or identified in this press release. All forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by these and other cautionary statements that the Company makes from time to time in its SEC filings and public communications. The Company cannot assure the reader that it will realize the results or developments the Company anticipates or, even if substantially realized, that they will result in the consequences or affect the Company or its operations in the way the Company expects. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date made. The Company undertakes no obligation, and specifically disclaims any duty, to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances arising after the date on which they were made, except as otherwise required by law. As a result of these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements included herein or that may be made elsewhere from time to time by, or on behalf of, the Company. About Dollar General Corporation Dollar General Corporation has been delivering value to shoppers for over 75 years. Dollar General helps shoppers Save time. Save money. Every day!® by offering products that are frequently used and replenished, such as food, snacks, health and beauty aids, cleaning supplies, basic apparel, housewares and seasonal items at low everyday prices in convenient neighborhood locations. With 13,601 stores in 44 states as of May 5, 2017, Dollar General is among the largest discount retailers in the United States. In addition to high quality private brands, Dollar General sells products from America's most-trusted brands such as Procter & Gamble, Kimberly-Clark, Unilever, Kellogg's, General Mills, Nabisco, Hanes, PepsiCo and Coca-Cola. Learn more about Dollar General at www.dollargeneral.com.         DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (In thousands)     (Unaudited) May 5 April 29 February 3 2017     2016     2017 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 205,977 $ 187,687 $ 187,915 Merchandise inventories 3,300,082 3,072,063 3,258,785 Income taxes receivable 10,492 6,827 11,050 Prepaid expenses and other current assets       232,398         210,769         220,021   Total current assets       3,748,949         3,477,346         3,677,771   Net property and equipment       2,487,292         2,278,081         2,434,456   Goodwill       4,338,589         4,338,589         4,338,589   Other intangible assets, net       1,200,597         1,200,904         1,200,659   Other assets, net       20,928         21,464         20,823   Total assets     $ 11,796,355       $ 11,316,384       $ 11,672,298     LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities: Current portion of long-term obligations $ 401,188 $ 1,526 $ 500,950 Accounts payable 1,622,776 1,447,223 1,557,596 Accrued expenses and other 459,105 440,697 500,866 Income taxes payable       208,972         122,148         63,393   Total current liabilities       2,692,041         2,011,594         2,622,805   Long-term obligations       2,632,090         2,989,663         2,710,576   Deferred income taxes       662,485         647,626         652,841   Other liabilities       280,858         279,118         279,782   Total liabilities       6,267,474         5,928,001         6,266,004     Commitments and contingencies   Shareholders' equity: Preferred stock - - - Common stock 239,947 249,096 240,811 Additional paid-in capital 3,157,322 3,124,110 3,154,606 Retained earnings 2,136,401 2,020,784 2,015,867 Accumulated other comprehensive loss       (4,789 )       (5,607 )       (4,990 ) Total shareholders' equity       5,528,881         5,388,383         5,406,294   Total liabilities and shareholders' equity     $ 11,796,355       $ 11,316,384       $ 11,672,298               DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (In thousands, except per share amounts) (Unaudited)     For the Quarter Ended May 5 % of Net April 29 % of Net 2017     Sales     2016     Sales Net sales $ 5,609,625 100.00 % $ 5,265,432 100.00 % Cost of goods sold       3,910,642     69.71         3,652,818     69.37   Gross profit 1,698,983 30.29 1,612,614 30.63 Selling, general and administrative expenses       1,225,188     21.84         1,131,871     21.50   Operating profit 473,795 8.45 480,743 9.13 Interest expense 25,004 0.45 24,081 0.46 Other (income) expense       3,502     0.06         -     0.00   Income before income taxes 445,289 7.94 456,662 8.67 Income tax expense       165,800     2.96         161,538     3.07   Net income     $ 279,489     4.98 %     $ 295,124     5.60 %   Earnings per share: Basic $ 1.02 $ 1.03 Diluted $ 1.02 $ 1.03 Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic 274,692 285,886 Diluted 275,215 286,978         DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (In thousands) (Unaudited)   For the 13 Weeks Ended May 5 April 29 2017     2016 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income $ 279,489 $ 295,124 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash from operating activities: Depreciation and amortization 98,586 92,324 Deferred income taxes 9,516 7,541 Loss on debt retirement, net 3,502 - Noncash share-based compensation 8,932 10,253 Other noncash (gains) and losses 2,122 (440 ) Change in operating assets and liabilities: Merchandise inventories (42,456 ) 3,476 Prepaid expenses and other current assets (12,342 ) (16,676 ) Accounts payable 56,630 (55,267 ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities (39,511 ) (21,416 ) Income taxes 146,137 89,294 Other       (143 )       (260 ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities       510,462         403,953     Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment (143,519 ) (98,968 ) Proceeds from sales of property and equipment       131         323   Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities       (143,388 )       (98,645 )   Cash flows from financing activities: Issuance of long-term obligations 599,556 - Repayments of long-term obligations (750,275 ) (497 ) Net increase (decrease) in commercial paper outstanding (22,800 ) - Borrowings under revolving credit facilities - 751,000 Repayments of borrowings under revolving credit facilities - (731,000 ) Costs associated with issuance and retirement of debt (9,460 ) - Repurchases of common stock (88,755 ) (230,961 ) Payments of cash dividends (71,294 ) (71,308 ) Other equity and related transactions       (5,984 )       7,198   Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities       (349,012 )       (275,568 )   Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 18,062 29,740 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period       187,915         157,947   Cash and cash equivalents, end of period     $ 205,977       $ 187,687     Supplemental cash flow information: Cash paid for: Interest $ 37,917 $ 21,477 Income taxes $ 8,837 $ 64,520 Supplemental schedule of non-cash investing and financing activities: Purchases of property and equipment awaiting processing for payment, included in Accounts payable $ 47,464 $ 40,285         DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Selected Additional Information (Unaudited)     Sales by Category (in thousands)   For the Quarter Ended May 5 April 29 2017   2016     % Change   Consumables $ 4,315,513 $ 4,039,197 6.8 % Seasonal 662,638 623,850 6.2 % Home products 333,150 322,848 3.2 % Apparel   298,324       279,537       6.7 % Net sales $ 5,609,625     $ 5,265,432       6.5 %           Store Activity   For the Quarter Ended May 5 April 29 2017     2016   Beginning store count 13,320 12,483 New store openings 293 249 Store closings   (12 )     (13 ) Net new stores   281       236   Ending store count   13,601       12,719   Total selling square footage (000's)   101,065       94,262   Growth rate (square footage)   7.2 %     6.2 % Contacts Dollar General Corporation Investor Contacts: Mary Winn Pilkington, 615-855-5536 or Matt Hancock, 615-855-4811 or Media Contacts: Dan MacDonald, 615-855-5209 or Crystal Ghassemi, 615-855-5210 Contacts Dollar General Corporation Investor Contacts: Mary Winn Pilkington, 615-855-5536 or Matt Hancock, 615-855-4811 or Media Contacts: Dan MacDonald, 615-855-5209 or Crystal Ghassemi, 615-855-5210 Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Follow @triplepundit 48.5k Triple Pundit: People, Planet, Profit Menu Special Series Building Healthier Communities In this four-part mini-series, we’ll unpack how large firms can get down to the grassroots level when it comes to engaging communities around health and wellness. Sponsored by Aetna Foundation Your Corporate Guide to Responsible Waste Management In this editorial series in partnership with Covanta Environmental Solutions, we’ll explore steps your company can take to edge closer to zero waste targets. Sponsored by Covanta Responsible Forestry In this series sponsored by Procter and Gamble, we’ll explore what it means to practice “responsible forestry” and how trailblazing companies can lead the way. Sponsored by Procter & Gamble Close Events Good Capital Project (3p discount code “GC_TriplePundit “) The Good Capital Project, through a new design thinking process, will convene all constituents to drive greater collaboration and accelerate capital flows into purpose driven investments. [REGISTER HERE] Use code GC_TriplePundit for 15% off June 19: New York Green Sports Alliance Summit 2017 "PLAY GREENER: Engaging Fans, Athletes & Communities", focused on mobilizing members and partners to bring about positive environmental and social impact across their fan-base and surrounding communities. [REGISTER HERE] June 27-29: Sacramento Companies vs Climate Change: Europe and USA Events. An event series whose mission it is to bring together companies from around the world to discuss climate change and how they can work together to address it most impactfully. Now building sponsorship and registration. [INFO HERE] Oct & Dec: Brussels & Miami Close 3p Podium Media Kit The Case for Climate Optimism by 3p Contributor on Thursday, Jun 1st, 2017 Climate & Environment Share Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) By Sheila Bonini There is no silver bullet for the environmental challenges we face. And no single individual, company or government can bring about the scale of change needed. But everyone — from governments to businesses and civil society — has a stake in building a sustainable future. Together, we can deliver solutions on a global scale. For the past eight years, the federal government has been squarely in the vanguard of clean-energy policy and action on climate change. But today, the political landscape in Washington is shifting. And just as the current administration considers rolling back much of the recent progress on these crucial issues, the private sector is taking up the mantle of climate leadership. At first blush, businesses may seem an unlikely candidate for this new role. But increasingly, businesses are recognizing the bottom line value of a low-carbon economy. For them, sustainability is an opportunity to generate economic value and advance lasting solutions to one of society’s greatest common challenges. As America’s engine of innovation, businesses are particularly well-suited for this task. Throughout our nation’s history, leaders of industry have been the driving force behind the advent of new technologies and practices, changing not just the way we do business, but our very way of life. Now they are tapping into that same wellspring of ingenuity to address the threat of climate change. And for those on the leading edge, investments in sustainability are already yielding dividends. Nearly half of American Fortune 500 companies have set climate targets. Last year alone, their efforts to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions generated $3.7 billion in savings. As businesses of all sizes establish climate targets, many are becoming more ambitious with their goals. Around the world, more than 200 companies have set targets aligned with the best available climate science. Globally, 95 companies have committed to power their operations with 100 percent renewable energy, compared to only a handful of companies just a few years ago. Some companies are expanding their efforts to reduce GHG emissions and waste by shifting the focus to their supply chains (which on average account for four times more emissions than a company’s direct operations). Walmart, for example, recently launched Project Gigaton, a groundbreaking endeavor that aims to reduce one gigaton (one billion tons) of emissions from their global supply chain by 2030. Apple also continues to pursue bold commitments. Apple’s global facilities are now at 96 percent renewable energy, including 100 percent renewable energy for their data centers around the world, and they are driving clean energy adoption in their supply chain to address manufacturing emissions. Apple is also partnering with the nonprofit sector to tackle the critical issues of deforestation and forest degradation – responsible for an estimated 15 percent of all global GHG emissions. Through a five-year project, Apple and WWF are helping China—the world’s largest producer and consumer of paper products—reduce its environmental footprint by producing paper products from responsibly managed forests within its own borders. A major goal of the project is for 1 million acres of forest land to be certified by the Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) or under improved forest management. We are well on our way to reaching the goal. Approximately 320,000 acres of forest land are in the final stage of receiving FSC certification and eight companies have committed to improving the management of 450,000 acres of forest land. Apple, with partners like us, is now protecting or creating enough responsibly managed forest to cover all of the virgin fiber needed for their packaging. P&G is tackling climate change through an integrated approach that includes setting science-based targets, an ambitious renewable energy goal of 30 percent by 2020 and 100 percent long-term. They are also increasing energy efficiencies across their 100 manufacturing sites globally, which has resulted in $500 million in savings since 2010. And, they recently encouraged the American consumer to adopt energy-saving laundry habits through the Sustainable Laundry Pledge. Apple, P&G, and Walmart are not alone. Savvy business leaders across a wide range of industries are steaming full speed ahead toward the low carbon horizon. And more are joining their ranks every year. But our greatest challenges still lay ahead. And we need more leaders to heed the clarion call to action. When businesses like Apple, P&G, and Walmart make large-scale investments in the renewable energy space, it sends a powerful signal to their peers. And as more businesses engage in collective initiatives, they find it easier to lift up proven solutions and take them to scale. While these companies scale up their targets, many are also becoming more vocal in their support for local, state, national, and international policies—including the historic Paris Agreement—in order to accelerate America’s transition to a low-carbon economy and to make the U.S. more competitive in the world economy. Long-term growth requires long-term vision. Now more than ever, America’s business leaders see the value of making sustainability business as usual. And that is reason for optimism. Image credit: Pexels Sheila Bonini is Senior Vice President of Private Sector Engagement for the World Wildlife Fund. Climate & Environment Recent headlines from the 4650 articles in this category: 3p Weekend: Telling Nature To Go F*** Itself While Standing in a Garden Is a Pretty Gangsta Move Global Shareholders to Big Oil: Address Climate Change Risk Koch Bros Sponsor Washington Post Energy Coverage TriplePundit has published articles from over 1000 contributors. If you'd like to be a guest author, please get in touch! Follow 3p Contributor @triplepundit Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Register here if you need an account. Our sponsors Media Kit Access Would your company like to join our conversation? We offer branded content, twitter chats, event promotion, custom content channels and more. Learn more. Check out our newsletters More than 30,000 subscribers get our daily and weekly updates. Join them now. Email address Weekly Mailing List Daily Mailing List Submit Ready to comment? Register for an account below Name* First Last Email* Enter Email Confirm Email Create your username* Captcha After submitting this form, you must check your email for your password before logging in. Follow Triple Pundit Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Search terms Search WORK WITH US About 3p Advertise with us Contact us Newsletter Sponsored content policy Write for us Privacy policy Legal Sitemap MEET OUR TEAM Founder: Nick Aster Ed in Chief: Jen Boynton Editor: Mary Mazzoni Social Media: Marissa Rosen Partnerships: Travis Noland TriplePundit is a Certified B Corp. Offsets Provided by ClimateCare. Use our carbon calculator here. TriplePundit's office is at Impact HUB San Francisco. All content © 2009-2017 Triple Pundit Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman North America Pregnancy Testing market has increased by USD 104.1 million from 2016 to 2021 Market Data Forecast recently published a report on the “North America Pregnancy Testing Market” which estimates the market to grow from USD 444.30 million from 2016 to USD 548.4 million with a high CAGR of 4.3%. For full report refer to: www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-p… Pregnancy tests are tests used to detect the presence of reproductive hormones such as Follicle Stimulating Hormone or Luteinising Hormone. Fertility rapid test kits help in finding the exact day of ovulation or confirm the presence of menopause in women where as they are used to detect the sperm count in men. Free Sample for the report is available at: www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-p… The DROC Analysis contains some of the factors that have major effects on the market dynamics be it positive or negative. Pregnancy testing market is mainly driven by factors such as growing prevalence of infertility and gynaecological disorders, rising demand for fast and independent tests and availability of decentralized diagnostic tests over time consuming laboratory tests. Technology advancements and rising first-time pregnancy age are some of the other factors supporting the growth of pregnancy testing market. However high prices of these products and tests and low adaptation rate are the major factors hindering the growth of the market Enquire more about the report at: www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-p… The products are segmented based on Product type and test type and studied for a deep-level understanding of the Pregnancy Testing market. Each sub segment is accompanied with Market Size Estimations and Y-o-Y Forecasts as well. By Product Type • Pregnancy Test Kits • Ovulation/Fertility Test Kits By Test Type • FSH Urine Test • Luteinizing Hormone (LH) Urine Test • Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG) • Hormone Blood Test • Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG) • Hormone Urine Test To Customize please visit: www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-p… North American Market is studied in geographic perspective by segregating the market shares between USA and Canada. The study identifies USA as the predominant market in the North American region and it holds well in the Global Market too. To buy the report please go to: www.marketdataforecast.com/cart/buy-now/north-america-pre… Some of the major companies covered in the report are Alere Inc., Quidel Corporation, Prestige Brands Holdings, Church & Dwight Co., Inc., bioMérieux SA, Geratherm Medical AG, Germaine Laboratories, Abbott Laboratories, Kent Pharmaceuticals, Rite-Aid, Procter & Gamble Co., DCC Plc., and Swiss Precision Diagnostics GmbH Scope of the North America Pregnancy Testing Market: • Regional and country-level analysis that provides an innate perspective of USA and Canada Market to that of the North American region • To detect major focus areas of industrial growth Segment-level analysis on basis of product type and test type along with market size forecasts and y-o-y estimations are provided • Detailed explanation of major drivers, restraints, opportunities, and challenges (DROC) that affect the market and impact the ever-shifting market dynamics • PESTLE and Porter’s Five Forces Analyses that examine the macro & micro environmental factors such as political influence, technological prowess, industry rivalry to name a few. • An extensive listing of major market players along with company overview, product portfolios, key financial information (subjected to availability), SWOT analysis and analyst overview to study and sustain the market environment • mergers, acquisitions, collaborations in the field along with new product launches, comparative financial studies and recent developments in the market by the major companies all rolled out into Competitive landscape • Expertly devised Market Outlook comprising the Investment opportunities to provide both individuals and organizations a strong financial foothold in the market Checkout other related studies in the Medical Devices Segment: Gynaecological examination chairs Market: www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-g… Glucose monitoring device Market: www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-g… General surgical device Market: www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-g… Foot and ankle devices Market: www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-f… Enteral feeding devices Market: www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-e… About Market Data Forecast: The publisher of this report is Market Data Forecast whose forte lies in Market research and Business Intelligence. Handling both individual and corporate clients across multiple business domains they offer syndicated/customized research to suit the client’s research objective. Their research reports section offers a wide variety of market studies ranging from all-encompassing comprehensive market studies to product specific niche markets covering North America among other regions of the global market as well. For more info kindly visit, www.marketdataforecast.com Contact: Abhishek Shukla Sales Manager (International Business Development) Market Data Forecast Direct Line: +1-888-702-9626 Mobile: +91 998 555 0206 Mail: abhishek@marketdataforecast.com Visit Market Data Forecast Blog @ www.marketdataforecast.com/blog/ View latest Press Releases of MDF @ www.marketdataforecast.com/press-releases The publisher of this report is Market Data Forecast whose forte lies in Market research and Business Intelligence. Handling both individual and corporate clients across multiple business domains they offer syndicated/customized research to suit the client’s research objective. Their research reports section offers a wide variety of market studies ranging from all-encompassing comprehensive market studies to product specific niche markets covering North America among other regions of the global market as well. 502, kakatiya’s empire, Jubilee Gardens, Hyderabad, India. +1-888-702-9626 (U.S. TOLL FREE), contact@marketdataforecast.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Low Capacitance TVS Diode Arrays from Littelfuse Offer Better Protection Against ESD, CDE, EFT and Lightning Induced Surges Next PostNext Low-PIM Cable Assemblies Market is Expected to Continue Flourishing in Developed and Developing Regions of World, 2025 – PMR Study Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Worldbulletin News Worldbulletin News Worldbulletin News Portal Dünya Bülteni أخبار العالم Dünya Bizim Islamic World An Insight Into Qur’an Memorization in Bosnia The first phase of memorizing starts by learning from a teacher. Qur'an Know that you can not be happy alone. Strive for the happiness of the environment. Every day of Ramadan, some piece from Qur'an Ramadan Tacloban Mosque and Islamic Center opened in Philippines The Religious Foundation of Turkey (TDV), built a Mosque and an Islamic Center in Philippines Tacloban city. Ramadan Malawi enters Ramadan with first Muslim TV channel Residents of southeastern Africa nation once had to rely on foreign Muslim channels, but now have one of their own       World 17:42 European cooperation vital, Macron tells May after attack 16:37 Germany signals willingness to take steps against PKK 15:40 ISIL attacks kill 32 Iraqi soldiers in Mosul 14:43 Canadians 'stand united' with London, Trudeau says 13:57 Tunisia PM warns no one safe in anti-graft 'war' 13:13 Four French people injured in London attack: foreign minister Africa Europe America-Canada Palestine Latin America Iraq Balkans Caucasus Cyprus Central Asia Turkey 12:38 Eight PKK terrorists killed in eastern Turkey 12:24 Raqqah operation started on Friday night: Turkish PM 22:40 Erdogan urges Turkish investors to play productive role 16:20 Turkish premier's top adviser, wife arrested in capital 13:14 New connections on express train from Istanbul to Sofia 05:06 Turkey grants citizenship to Moroccan killed on July 15 General Economy Politics Diplomacy Art & Culture Sports Media 10:37 Press agenda on June 4 11:01 Press agenda on June 3 09:37 Press agenda on June 2 11:37 Press agenda on June 1 09:19 Press agenda on May 31 10:16 Press agenda on May 30 Economy 17:37 Canada exports to US hit record high 17:12 Stock markets rise but sterling hit by vote uncertainty 13:58 Turkey, Pakistan to cooperate in energy sector 10:42 Tokyo stocks up on Japan business spending boost 15:37 Brussels maps out more unified eurozone 14:26 Sterling drops after poll suggests hung UK parliament Islamic World 14:02 Muslim youth volunteers help repair Catholic monastery 14:00 Sacred Muslim month of Ramadan starts 17:32 Muslim history of Gujarat 17:12 World Bulletin wish you a happy and peaceful Kandil 09:37 A mosque in a Burkina Faso village 16:57 Top Turkish cleric opens mosque in western Russian city Ramadan 11:14 Do good without expecting to get it back 17:25 Turkish aid agency sends food aid to Rohingya Muslims 17:10 Palestinians converge on Aqsa for 1st Friday of Ramadan 15:33 Yangon authorities sue Muslims for praying in the street 10:18 And fear Allah that you may receive mercy. 09:50 Don't try to dominate everything and don't make life uninhabitable Qur'an Hajj 15:33 Indonesia says Saudi Arabia increased its Hajj quota 19:33 Muslim pilgrims flock to Medina after performing Hajj 12:03 Turkish relgious leader says Eid a time of happiness 11:46 1.8 million Muslims took place in hajj this year 16:42 Saudi king rejects mixing hajj with politics 13:01 At hajj, Syrian pilgrims talk of exile and war Art & Culture 12:24 Turkey helps restore 16th-century Bosnian mosque 10:59 Origins and evolution of minarets 13:00 'Star Wars' at 40: The Force is still strong 08:33 Ibn Sina (Avicenna) declared as a ruler in Europe 17:43 Traditional dhow boat race retraces Gulf pearl route 13:14 Islam in Japan Before 1900 Health & Environment 15:01 Botched measles vaccines kill 15 children in S.Sudan 04:06 Hamas MPs to donate salaries to cancer, kidney patients 12:31 Cholera outbreak kills 532 in Yemen: WHO 17:51 Top economists urge 'strong carbon price' in climate fight 11:05 India: WHO confirms first 3 cases of Zika virus 09:31 US: 23M more to lose health care under Republican plan Science&Technology 12:24 GE Appliances to get Google voice control option 06:00 New Russian jet takes to air in bid to rival Airbus and Boeing 06:05 NASA's Juno probe forces 'rethink' on Jupiter 15:56 Turkey to establish its own Antarctic base in 10 years 12:11 Watch out in a world of connected objects, specialists warn 10:38 Cyber kid stuns experts showing toys can be 'weapons' News Analysis 20:40 The ideology and historical legacy of world maps 11:37 Turkey and Balkans 16:27 How gas could warm relations between Israel and Turkey 10:13 Time of "apes and pigs" 11:51 NKorea strengthening border artillery 16:08 China: Philippines violating South China Sea code History 11:15 Hassan al-Banna, the founder of Muslim Brotherhood 15:22 The Palestinian Nakba: From Napoleon to Ben-Gurion 04:02 Abu Zayd Al Balkhi: The 9th Century Muslim Psychologist 13:34 A Brief History of Masjids in China 22:15 The Suleymaniye Mosque and the great architect Sinan 14:59 The Siege of Antioch This week in History Africa Europe America-Canada Palestine Latin America Iraq Balkans Caucasus Cyprus Central Asia Today's News '13 ISIL fighters' killed in southwestern Pakistan European cooperation vital, Macron tells May after attack Bahrain bans newspaper for 'sowing division' Germany signals willingness to take steps against PKK N. Korea slams 'mean' targeted UN sanctions ISIL attacks kill 32 Iraqi soldiers in Mosul Four confirmed dead in small plane crash in Japan Canadians 'stand united' with London, Trudeau says Japan holds evacuation drills as N.Korea missile fears grow Tunisia PM warns no one safe in anti-graft 'war' Four French people injured in London attack: foreign minister Eight PKK terrorists killed in eastern Turkey Raqqah operation started on Friday night: Turkish PM Nine migrants killed in minibus accident in Bulgaria Outrage and solidarity over 'cowardly' London attacks Cambodia goes to polls for commune elections 4-hour cease-fire declared in Philippines Press agenda on June 4 Erdogan urges Turkish investors to play productive role Pro-Haftar forces capture airbase in central Libya Kabila says he never 'promised' to hold elections in DR Congo Adviser to Brazil president arrested in corruption probe 27 dead as Yemen army closes in on Taez palace UN slaps sanctions on North Koreans amid US warning Pakistan army kills '5 Indian soldiers' in border clash Turkish premier's top adviser, wife arrested in capital 6.8-magnitude quake hits off Alaska Protestors and police clash in Morocco Colombia police say closing in on top drug gang boss Indian army convoy ambushed in Kashmir, 2 soldiers dead 07:56, 05 June 2017 Monday Europe Update: 04:30, 01 June 2017 Thursday Tweetle US CEOs urge Trump to stay in Paris agreement ‘President Trump, stay in Paris and negotiate a better deal that creates jobs,’ CEOs say World Bulletin / News Desk The CEOs of 10 major American companies urged use a television advertisement Wednesday to urge President Donald Trump to stay in the Paris climate agreement. "We are writing to express our strong support for the United States remaining in the Paris Climate Agreement," it said. "President Trump, stay in Paris and negotiate a better deal that creates jobs," according to the commercial that is also available on YouTube. The advertisement was signed by the heads of 3M, Morgan Stanley, JPMorgan Chase, Proctor & Gamble, General Electric, Johnson & Johnson, The Dow Chemical Company, Tesla, Citigroup and The Disney Company. The Paris Agreement, which was spearheaded by former President Barack Obama and signed by 195 countries in April 2016, aims to fight climate change by reducing carbon emissions and limiting global temperature rise to below 2 degrees Celsius. During his election campaign, however, Trump called global warming "a hoax" and promised to scrap the agreement and return jobs to the coal industry that is often an easy target for environmentalists. "I will be announcing my decision on the Paris Accord over the next few days. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!," Trump said via Twitter on Wednesday. Related Trump paris deal Legal Notice: Copyright, trade marks and other intellectual property rights in this website can not be reproduced without the prior permission. Tweetle No Comment Yet Europe News EU urges Azerbaijan to release opposition figures The appeal comes amid growing international concern about Azerbaijan's reported crackdown on dissenters, including investigative journalist Afgan Mukhtarli and opposition politician Gozel Bayramli. Hamas leader heads to Egypt to hold official talks Hamas delegation will discuss relations with Egypt and situation in Gaza Turkish humanitarian aid ship leaves for Somalia The ship carrying food and humanitarian aid departs from Mersin in Turkey's south European cooperation vital, Macron tells May after attack Macron "reiterated the importance" of "European cooperation in the fight against terrorism" during the conversation, a statement from his office said. Germany signals willingness to take steps against PKK Ahead of Ankara visit, Foreign Minister Gabriel says Turkey is right to ask for stronger steps against PKK in Germany ISIL attacks kill 32 Iraqi soldiers in Mosul Iraqi forces are trying to dislodge ISIL from their last stronghold in northern Iraq British PM says 'enough is enough' after London attack UK needs to be more 'robust' to identify terror threat, May says after 7 people die in Saturday night's London Bridge attack Canadians 'stand united' with London, Trudeau says "Awful news from London tonight. We're monitoring the situation," Trudeau said on Twitter. Outgoing PM Joseph Muscat wins Malta election The preliminary results showed a clear enough trend for Muscat, 43, to declare victory. "It is clear that the people have chosen to stay the course," he said as Labour supporters took to the streets in celebration. Tunisia PM warns no one safe in anti-graft 'war' Corruption was widespread in Tunisia under longtime president Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, who was ousted in the 2011 uprising that spawned the Arab Spring, but it remains endemic. Musicians play tunes in protest at US-Mexico border wall The musicians took part Saturday in a "Tear Down this Wall" event organized by the Dresden Sinfoniker orchestra at a park in the Mexican city of Tijuana at the foot of the metallic fence that divides the two countries. Four French people injured in London attack: foreign minister "Four French people were injured and it seems one person was particularly affected," Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian told France Info radio. Putin condemns London attack "Putin expresses his profound condolences for the British people and condemns the terrorist attack carried out hours ago in London," Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told Russian news agencies. Nine migrants killed in minibus accident in Bulgaria The minibus was apparently driven by a 16-year-old Bulgarian who did not have a driver's licence. He was among the dead. The bus was on the motorway near Pazardjik, close to the Greek and Turkish borders. Outrage and solidarity over 'cowardly' London attacks British and world leaders on Sunday condemned the attacks in Central London, reacting with both outrage and solidarity. ‘Terror attacks’ strike London Bridge, Borough Market ‘Barbaric acts’ a ‘deliberate and cowardly attack on innocent Londoners and visitors’, Mayor Khan says News African Union offers full support for UN climate deal US states, cities step in to fill Trump Paris exit Trump mulling gag on public testimony of ex-FBI chief US climate decision 'shameful' says ex-head of COP21 Trump withdraws US from Paris climate accord Trump keeps US embassy in Tel Aviv, for now Trump set to reveal decision on Paris climate deal Worldbulletin News Worldbulletin News © 2006 All Rights Reserved. Copyright, trade marks and other intellectual property rights in this website can not be reproduced without the prior permission. Webdesign and Software: Engin Demir World Turkey Media Economy Islamic World Ramadan Hajj Art & Culture Health & Environment Science&Technology News Analysis History Interviews & In Depth Asia-Pacific Middle East Latest News Columnists Add to your site Contact Us About us  
skip to main content Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto Sign In Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google+ Sign in with Yahoo! Sign in with AOL Sign in with LinkedIn Email Password Forgot your password? Need an account? Register here. WRAL.com News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Other News Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias World News 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Traffic Pedestrian killed in crash on I-440 in Raleigh Sponsor @NCCapitol Cooper campaign promise tracker Find your lawmakers Crime and safety Interactive maps Recent mugshots NC Wanted: Report a tip Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains Weather Resources CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Weather Chance for storms remains overnight, Monday Sponsor Weather 2017 Atlantic hurricane season begins as many still struggle to recover from Matthew DUALDoppler5000 The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › Sports Sports Home Our Take All Columns Caulton Tudor Joe Ovies Adam Gold Lauren Brownlow Jeff Gravley Bob Holliday Mandy Mitchell NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers HighSchoolOT More Sports Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis More Schools Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw Baseball North Carolina State holds off Kentucky 5-4 in NCAA regional Our Take Reliable Dalatri leads UNC past Michigan 8-1 in elimination game Sponsor Contests WRALSportsFan.com Auto Racing Challenge This week's on-air giveaways Our Take Perimeter players likely to rule ACC hoops in 2017-18 Twitter mailbag goes from sandwiches to 90s music All ACC Tourney games (don't) matter Download the FREE app On iPhone/ iPad & Android › Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Business Must-do for Congress: Raise debt limit, pass spending bills Business Trump to push for overhauling roads, bridges, air traffic Sponsor New technology Self-parking cars help relieve driver stress Computer beats Chinese go champion Serena Williams in Silicon Valley Where the jobs are In-demand, high-paying careers await community college grads Laid-off plant worker soars to new career as commercial pilot Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Editorial: Legislature's budget -- More comfort for the comfortable Editorial: Legislators should heed protesters' message on Medicaid PHILIP PRICE: Truth is Senate 'cuts' to education 'bureaucracy' mean less accountability and support for teachers, students Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Business Duke seeks 15 percent increase in electric rates Business Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders 5 On Your Side Use proper technique to paint rooms like the pros Check rooms thoroughly to avoid bringing bed bugs home from vacation Smart tips to prevent identity theft Resources WRAL SmartShopper Consumer recalls Get Out of Debt Guy File a consumer complaint >> Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Pets Family House & Home Food & Shopping Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Health Team Texas lawmakers make few moves to address pregnancy deaths Political News This one letter helped spark a national opioid epidemic Sponsor Summer fun Outer Banks beach among best in US Best and worst sunscreens for babies and kids Theme park fun around US Parenting Go Ask Mom at N.C. Symphony Summerfest concert Durham pools, spraygrounds free this summer Some sunscreens provide less than promised Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • More O&A Shopping & Retail Arts Sports Families Pets Community Yard Sales Seasonal 919 Beer Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Entertainment Late in life, sex assault trial caps Cosby's life and legacy Entertainment Grande returns to Manchester to honor victims with benefit Sponsor WRAL Freedom Balloon Festival Balloon fest photos Weekend best bets: Balloon Fest, Doughman Where to park Out & About Best Bets Calendar from Out & About Nightlife and Party Pics Submit your event You don’t need the newspaper to get your Sunday Circulars Click & Save for Instant Savings › Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Lottery Drawings Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Local News Restaurant patrons hid following shooting of 7-year-old boy Out and About Thousands take to Raleigh streets for Ironman race Contact Us People of WRAL Contact WRAL Watch WRAL, WRAL2 TV schedule On the Record WRAL documentaries Interested in sports & pop culture? Listen to the NEW podcast › 70° View: 7-Day | Hourly | Currently 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Weather 70° Menu Video WRAL.com Feeds Sign In Home News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Sports Sports Home All Columns NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw HighSchoolOT Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family House & Home Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • Shopping & Retail   • Arts   • Sports   • Families   • Pets   • Community   • Yard Sales   • Seasonal 919 Beer Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto About Us Advertising Privacy & Terms Mobile Apps & Services Weather Halifax and Northampton counties are under alert. Details Published: 2017-05-31 17:38:00 Updated: 2017-05-31 17:38:00 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story WRAL SmartShopper Lowes Foods deals 5/31: Turkey bacon, Luvs, chicken thighs Tags: Deals, Grocery deals, Coupons, Printable coupons, Grocery coupons Posted 5:38 p.m. Wednesday Leave this field blank Your e-mail address:* Your friends e-mail addresses (comma separated):* Subject:* Message:*A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18DWP Get a new codeAre you human?* You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters Lowes Foods has good buys this week on chicken thighs, chicken breast, Jennie-O turkey bacon, Yoplait yogurt, Nature's Own Whitewheat bread, Pet ice cream, Luvs diapers, aluminum foil and more! The coupon policy can be found below the list of deals. . These deals are valid Wednesday, May 31 – Tuesday, June 6, 2017. Produce Kiwi fruit, .60 each Vidalia onions, Organic, .79/lb Mangoes, $1.25 each Fresh Express salad mix, 9 oz Italian or 11 oz American, $1.50 Organic yellow or zucchini squash, $1.99/lb Blueberries, BOGO for $2.49 each Russet potatoes, 5 lb bag, $2.99 Dozen rose bouquet from floral, $14.99 Meat Perdue drumsticks or thighs, family pack, .99/lb Amick Farms boneless chicken breast, family pack, $1.97/lb Lobster tails, 4 – 5 oz, $6.99 each Raw Carolina Shrimp, BOGO for $7.49/lb Jennie-O turkey bacon, extra lean, 12 oz, $1.87 Dairy & Frozen Yoplait yogurt, .50 Coupons: .50/5 coupon from Smart Shopper coupons link above, .50/5 Savingstar cash back offer (expires 5/31) Michelina’s entrees, select, $1 - $1/5 printable coupon PET ice cream or frozen yogurt, 48 oz, $2.50 - .55 coupon from 4/30 RP Misc. Grocery Nature’s Own Whitewheat bread, 20 oz, BOGO for $1.44 each Margaret Holmes seasoned greens, 27 oz can, $1.40 Lowes Foods pasta sauce, 24 oz, $1.50 Doritos, 9.5 – 11.5 oz, BOGO for $2.15 each Pop Secret popcorn, 6 – 10 count, BOGO for $2.50 each - $1/2 coupon possibly in 6/4 SS Buy 3 select Nabisco crackers or cookies and get $3 off at the register including Ritz Crisp, Teddy Grahams Soft Bakes, Good Thins, Chips Ahoy Thins, Oreo Thins Sale: 2 for $6 Coupon: .75/2 coupon from 5/21 SS Lowes Foods single serve coffee cups, 30 count, $10.00 Non Food Simply Done aluminum foil, 25 sq ft, .79 Get a $10 Visa Prepaid card by mail when you purchase $30 worth of participating P&G products. See ad for all the items. Coupons: See the 5/28 PG insert Head & Shoulders shampoo & conditioner, 13.5 oz, 2 for $12 - $3/2 coupon from 5/28 PG = 2 for $9 Luvs diapers jumbo pack, $6.99 - $2 coupon from 5/28 PG or $1 coupon from Smart Shopper coupons link above =$4.99 after $2 coupon Lowes Foods Coupon Policy Basics: Doubles coupons .99 or less everyday Doubles up to 20 coupons per day Doubles up to 4 identical coupons (must have required product to go with each coupon) BOGO sales ring up at half price. If you just buy one, it still rings up at half price and you can still use a coupon on it! I love that policy! Reminder: You can now add digital coupons to your Lowes Foods Reward card by going to Lowesfoods.com. These coupons will not double. The official Lowes Foods Coupon Policy can be found on their website HERE. Scroll down to see the policy once you get to their website. . . . Disclosure: This post may contain affiliate links and we appreciate your using them! This means that I may receive compensation from other websites I mention on this blog. More On This SmartShopper Printable Coupons Lowes Foods coupon policy SavingStar coupons Checkout 51 website Ibotta offers Michelina's Eight O Clock coupon Palermo's Old Orchard Angelsoft.com Progresso.com coupons Mambosprouts.com coupons Nature's Own Life coupon Lance crackers Van's coupons Dreamfields coupon Perdue Al Fresco coupon Flatout coupon Pompeian coupon Furmano's coupon Challenge website Butterball.com coupons Hormel.com coupons Margaritaville coupon French's coupons Scott Sparkle.com Old El Paso Birdseye.com Campbell's coupons Hopster.com offers Boxtops4education.com Kellogg's Family Rewards coupons Pillsbury.com coupons show all Credits Web Editor Faye Prosser Copyright 2017 by Capitol Broadcasting Company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Triangle Area Special Offers The 'as low as" rate is at 3.12% APR (15 yr.) UNC Core Program for Active Duty Military Personnel $175 Off - Electric Panel Replacement Save 50% Off Your Pella Windows Installation PLUS 0% APR for 36-Months Click to See All CONTESTS available from WRAL.com Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Subscribe to RSS feed Close Comments Comments Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First Newest First View all Meet the Author Contributors Faye Prosser WRAL Smart Shopper Connect Follow Follow Subscribe Search Printable coupons Coupon websites Kids eat free database Search other WRAL recipes Resources Frugal Living and Couponing 101 Coupon policies and reward programs Smart Spending workshop schedule Smart Spending Resources website Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Out and About Downtown Nightlife Photos: May 30-June 5 Weather Weather maps and cams Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting State News Boat explodes after gas was pumped into fishing rod holder Local News Clayton DWI checkpoint yields 7 arrests, 84 charges and citations News Evening Pick 3 Pick 4 and Cash 5 Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast House & Home Expert tips for buying your first home in the Triangle Go Ask Mom Amanda Lamb: You are beautiful Go Ask Mom Raleigh's indoor playground sets summer hours National News Police respond to incident at London Bridge; multiple casualties reported Food 6 ways to cut your cancer risk when grilling food Lifestyles Young men seek barbecue dad for Father's Day weekend Go Ask Mom Reminder: Museum of Life and Science's expanded hours start Sunday Local News Schedule: 2017 High school graduations News Have You Seen This? Massive underground pipe explosion Local News Night sky glows red as apartment building burns in downtown Raleigh SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Go Ask Mom Wake Forest makes plans to open sprayground in July, pool in 2018 Family 5 tips for stress-free summer Out and About Wonder Woman: Here to save the DC Universe Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Political News Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting World News 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Local News Local Muslims on London attacks: 'We respect the sanctity of life' Local News Police: No one injured after drive-by shooting at Durham nightclub SmartShopper How did you do at Super Doubles? SmartShopper What's for dinner this weekend? @NCCapitol Jordan Lake pollution gets another experimental treatment in House budget SmartShopper Harris Teeter Super Doubles Deals list Go Ask Mom Want to prevent drownings? Don't let kids play breath-holding games SPONSOR Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Out and About Downtown Nightlife Photos: May 30-June 5 Weather Weather maps and cams Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting State News Boat explodes after gas was pumped into fishing rod holder Local News Clayton DWI checkpoint yields 7 arrests, 84 charges and citations News Evening Pick 3 Pick 4 and Cash 5 Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast House & Home Expert tips for buying your first home in the Triangle Go Ask Mom Amanda Lamb: You are beautiful Go Ask Mom Raleigh's indoor playground sets summer hours National News Police respond to incident at London Bridge; multiple casualties reported Food 6 ways to cut your cancer risk when grilling food Lifestyles Young men seek barbecue dad for Father's Day weekend Go Ask Mom Reminder: Museum of Life and Science's expanded hours start Sunday Local News Schedule: 2017 High school graduations News Have You Seen This? Massive underground pipe explosion Local News Night sky glows red as apartment building burns in downtown Raleigh SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Go Ask Mom Wake Forest makes plans to open sprayground in July, pool in 2018 Family 5 tips for stress-free summer Out and About Wonder Woman: Here to save the DC Universe Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Political News Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting World News 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Local News Local Muslims on London attacks: 'We respect the sanctity of life' Local News Police: No one injured after drive-by shooting at Durham nightclub SmartShopper How did you do at Super Doubles? SmartShopper What's for dinner this weekend? @NCCapitol Jordan Lake pollution gets another experimental treatment in House budget SmartShopper Harris Teeter Super Doubles Deals list Go Ask Mom Want to prevent drownings? Don't let kids play breath-holding games WRAL.com RALEIGH • DURHAM FAYETTEVILLE About Us Help Contact Us Advertising WRAL Digital Solutions Ad Choices Mobile Privacy Terms of Use FCC Public File Closed Captioning Contests ©2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. Follow us on Facebook Twitter
News Sports Living Obits Item Banner Cars Jobs E-Edition Subscriber Services log in Site Site Archive Stocks slide as banks, energy companies sink Wednesday May 31, 2017 at 11:12 AM May 31, 2017 at 4:34 PM The Associated Press NEW YORK — U.S. stocks are slipping for the second day in a row Wednesday, led by a slump in banks as investors worry how their trading businesses are doing this quarter. Energy companies are falling with the price of oil. Big technology companies and small-company stocks are also down. Those declines are canceling out gains for drug companies and household products makers. KEEPING SCORE: The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 4 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,408 as of 2:45 p.m. Eastern time. The Dow Jones industrial average dropped 34 points, or 0.2 percent, to 20,995. The Nasdaq composite fell 19 points, or 0.3 percent, to 6,184. The Russell 2000 index of small-company stocks again did worse than the other major indexes. It retreated 5 points, or 0.4 percent, to 1,365. The S&P 500 is on track to finish May with a 1 percent gain. After a three-month losing streak last summer it has risen six out of the last seven months. BANKS: Banks fell as investors worried that their revenue from trading stocks, bonds and currencies is going to weaken in the second quarter. Executives from JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America both spoke about that issue at industry events on Wednesday. Bank of America CEO Brian Moynihan said trading revenue will fall 10 percent compared to a year ago. The banking industry had an outstanding first quarter, and trading was a key reason for that. JPMorgan Chase fell $1.87, or 2.2 percent, to $82.03 and Capital One slumped $1.63, or 2.1 percent, to $76.65. Goldman Sachs, which had an unusually bad quarter as its trading business struggled, gave up $7.28, or 3.3 percent, to $211.14. Bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.20 percent from 2.21 percent. That also hurt banks, as lower bond yields force interest rates lower on loans, reducing banks' profits from lending. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude lost $1.34, or 2.7 percent, to $48.32 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the standard for international oil prices, fell $1.53, or 3 percent, to $50.31 a barrel in London. Energy stocks continued to decline. Chevron sank 61 cents to $103.45 and Hess declined $1.04, or 2.2 percent, to $45.63. FEELING BETTER: Pfizer rose 58 cents, or 1.8 percent, to $32.71 and Irish drugmaker Perrigo climbed $3.71, or 5.5 percent, to $71.63 after its first-quarter report was better than expected. Health care products maker Johnson & Johnson advanced $1.45, or 1.1 percent, to $128.56. Household products companies also rose. Clorox gained $1.31, or 1 percent, to $136.24 and Kimberly-Clark, which makes Huggies diapers and Kleenex tissue, picked up $1.98, or 1.5 percent, to $130.95. Procter & Gamble, which makes Tide detergent and Charmin toilet paper, advanced 77 cents to $88.17. KORS GETS CORED: Michael Kors Holdings hit a five-year low after it said it will close up to 125 stores as its sales have remained weak. The luxury retailer said sales at older stores dropped in its latest quarter and investors were disappointed with its projections for the current quarter. The stock tumbled $3.51, or 9.7 percent, to $32.76. CLOUDY DAY FOR SOLAR: Solar power companies took losses as investors expected President Donald Trump to pull the U.S. out of the Paris climate change agreement. Officials from the European Union said the EU and China will maintain their commitments to the pact. Shares of First Solar, the largest U.S. solar company, declined 92 cents, or 2.3 percent, to $38.58. SunPower fell 23 cents, or 2.8 percent, to $7.92 while solar wafer maker Canadian Solar retreated 73 cents, or 5.4 percent, to $12.81. HITTING RESET: Technology companies turned lower. The tech sector has reached its highest levels since the dot-com boom and companies like Apple, Google parent Alphabet and Facebook have done far better than the rest of the market in 2017. Apple and Facebook are up 32 percent this year, and Alphabet is up 24 percent. All three slid Wednesday. CURRENCIES: The dollar slipped to 110.68 yen from 110.78 yen. The euro rose to $1.1239 from $1.1188. The British pound rose to $1.2882 from $1.2813. The currency was volatile after polls and surveys showed the general election on June 8 might be closer than expected. Early on, observers expected the Conservative Party of Prime Minister Theresa May to win in a landslide. May supports Britain's exit from the European Union, and if she wins a smaller majority, it could hurt her side as Britain negotiates its departure from the union. OTHER ENERGY TRADING: Wholesale gasoline lost 3 cents to $1.61 a gallon. Heating oil gave up 3 cents to $1.52 a gallon. Natural gas dropped 7 cents to $3.07 per 1,000 cubic feet. METALS: Gold rose $9.70 to $1,265.40 an ounce. Silver fell 2 cents to $17.41 an ounce. Copper gained 2 cents to $2.58 a pound. OVERSEAS: European stocks gave up an early gain. The DAX in Germany remained up 0.1 percent, but France's CAC 40 lost 0.4 percent and the British FTSE 100 fell 0.1 percent. Japan's Nikkei 225 index dipped 0.1 percent and South Korea's Kospi gained 0.2 percent. The Hang Seng in Hong Kong inched down 0.1 percent. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services My Profile Register/Subscribe Subscriber Services T&G E-Edition Worcester Living E-Edition NIE Business Matters Coupon Values FAQ Photo reprints (non-commercial use) Commercial photo licenses Advertising Advertising Contacts Propel Marketing - Digital Marketplace Media Kit Place an Ad Pay Your Ad Bill Jobs Real Estate Pets Legal Notices News Contact Us Letters to the Editor Submit a Press Release Events Copyright/Terms of Use Marketing About Us Visions Contact Us The Item The Banner Reprints & Licensing Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. telegram.com ~ 100 Front St., Floor 5, Worcester MA 01608 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Worcester Police & Fire Courts Government Education New England Nation & World Shareable Databases Region North South/West East/Valley Columnists Local Photos Local Video Sports Hometeam Red Sox Patriots Bruins Celtics Columnists Auto Racing Opinion Editorials Columnists As I See It Letters Cartoons Blogs Living Things to do Movie showtimes Entertainment Food Lifestyle Columnists Calendar Business Local Business Business Matters Business People Markets Columnists Obituaries Submit Obituary Obituary FAQ More Photos Videos TV Listings Movies Then & Now Worcester Worcester Living Hometeam Traffic Lottery The Item The Banner Services Merchants Dining Contests Branded Content Celebrations Classifieds Propel T&G Santa Woo Challenge Virtual Job Fair Best of Hometeam Subscriber My Profile E-Edition Subscriber Services Register/Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Marketplace Cars Jobs Homes Place an Ad Pay Your Ad Bill Propel Marketing Services Careers at the T&G Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Europe Skin Care (Face Creams and Body Lotion) Market 2016-2022 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 31 May, 2017, 16:00 ET Share this article DUBLIN, May 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Europe Skin Care Market (2016-2022)" report to their offering. Skin Care Products are used extensively by the population for maintaining and improving the appearance of face and other body parts. The Skin Care products include face packs, creams, moisturizer, lotions, and conditioners among others. These products help in conditioning the skin, protecting the skin from environmental dust, oil & pollution and also clean makeup and soils. Anti-Ageing products are trending among the population. People wishes to look young and natural with the ages. Skin Care Specialists are recommending about the usage of skin care products for cleansing, moisturizing, sun protection, and use of retinoid in the middle adult age. Controlling acne is also very important in these ages. Additionally, Skin lightning creams are also witnessing prominent adoption among the population owing to the desire for skin lighting and also obsession for fairness among both men and women. Now days, facial exfoliate such as peeler and scrub are also trending among population. Hence, the launch of more exfoliates products would be expected in recent time. The market for skin care products has been segmented on the basis of type and region. Based on Country, the market has been segmented into Face Creams and Body Lotion. Face Creams are further segmented into Anti-Ageing Cream, Skin Brightening Creams, and Sun Protection. On the other hand, Body lotions are divided into Mass Market Body Care Lotion, Premium Body Care. Based on the Country, the market is segmented into Germany, UK, France, Russia, Spain, Italy, and Rest of Europe. The key players operating in Johnson & Johnson Unilever Estée Lauder Companies Inc. Shiseido Co. Ltd. Kao Corporation Avon Products Inc. Procter & Gamble Co. Colgate-Palmolive Company Key Topics Covered: 1. Market Scope & Methodology 2. Executive Summary 3. Market Overview 4. Europe Skin Care Products Market 5. Europe Skin Care Products Market by Country 6. Company Profiles For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/dhgp7v/europe_skin_care Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/europe-skin-care-face-creams-and-body-lotion-market-2016-2022---research-and-markets-300465462.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 31 May, 2017, 16:10 ET Preview: North America Industrial Robotics Market Research Report 2017 - Research and Markets 31 May, 2017, 15:50 ET Preview: Europe Flexible Printed Circuit Boards Market, 2022 - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 02 Jun, 2017, 19:20 ET Global Influenza Drugs and Vaccines Market 2016-2021:By Drugs... 02 Jun, 2017, 19:20 ET India Video Surveillance as a Service Market,-2023: Market is... Explore More news releases in similar topics Cosmetics and Personal Care Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Europe Skin Care (Face Creams and Body Lotion) Market 2016-2022 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 31 May, 2017, 16:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
RestaurantNewsRelease.com Restaurant News and Press Release Distribution Home About Contact Privacy Policy Submit Release Pei Wei Names Brandon Solano CMO Wednesday, May 31st, 2017   Pan-Asian fast casual leader taps award-winning marketing exec Brandon Solano Brandon Solano Scottsdale, AZ  (Restaurant News Release)  Pei Wei, the leader in delivering a handcrafted, Pan-Asian culinary experience, has named Brandon Solano chief marketing officer after an extensive national search. Solano, an award-winning marketing and brand development executive, has vast experience within the restaurant industry. He most recently served as CMO for Papa Murphy’s Pizza, and held senior leadership positions with Wendy’s and Domino’s Pizza. “I know firsthand Brandon’s creativity, passion and ability to drive results through marketing strategies and brand development,” said Pei Wei CEO J. Hedrick. “Brandon will be a key asset to the Pei Wei leadership team as we continue to build and deliver on our brand promise.” “I joined Pei Wei because I believe in the vision and leadership of the executive team who is fiercely committed to winning and puts people first,” said Solano. “As a foodie, I love the brand and appreciate the unique space that Pei Wei occupies in the fast casual industry, particularly when it comes to Pei Wei’s dedication to quality food and handcrafted care.” In addition to his restaurant leadership experience, Solano experience marketing top brands including Hershey’s, Kellogg’s and Proctor & Gamble. He holds a bachelor’s degree in public relations from Grand Valley State University and an MBA from the University of Notre Dame. About Pei Wei Founded in 2000, Scottsdale, Arizona-based Pei Wei is a Pan-Asian, fast casual restaurant that offers guests a way to eat well, be well and live well. Pei Wei prepares each dish to order using freshly chopped ingredients, purposely chosen for nutrition as well as flavor, and in the tradition of ancient Asian cooking methods. Menu offerings include lettuce wraps, salads, sushi, quinoa bowls and Wok Classics that can be easily customized for any palate or diet, including gluten-free and vegetarian. Pei Wei owns and operates more than 200 restaurants in 21 states. For more information, visit www.peiwei.com, and the latest Pei Wei news is also on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Contacts: Katie McKenzie or Loren Rutledge Katie@spmcommunications.com Loren@spmcommunications.com 817-329-3257 Latest Restaurant News The Country’s First Kosher Certified Tavern Opens at Historic Railroad Stop New Zinburger Wine & Burger Bar in Edison To Host Job Fair June 2 – June 13 Captain D’s Accelerates Louisiana Expansion with Opening of New Zachary Restaurant Your Pie Announces Return of Summertime Fan-Favorite: Peach Prosciutto Pie NPC International, Inc. Announces Acquisition of 140 Wendy’s Restaurants from The Wendy’s Company Legendary Baking Brings Home 63 Blue Ribbon Awards from 2017 National Pie Championships Brick House Tavern + Tap Launches “Taste Freedom” Campaign Juice It Up! Named a 2017 Fast Casual Top Mover & Shaker Sacramento To Welcome Its 1st Bennigan’s Dickey’s Barbecue, Boots & Badges Foundation Provides 50 Life-Saving Vests for Local Officers Togo’s Announces Glenn Lunde as New President Seasoned Restaurant Executive, Tony Wehner, Named COO of Bar Louie Quaker Steak & Lube partners with Wounded Warriors Family Support for High Five Tour 2017 Krystal Serves up a Southern-Style Breakfast Deal Dickey’s Barbecue Fires Up for a Slow-Smoked Summer of Sandwiches Copyright © RestaurantNewsRelease.com
Press Esc to close Monday 05 June 2017 News updated at 10:24 AM IST epaper  Home   News   District   City   Point Blank - Bengaluru   State   National   International   Business   DH Wheels   Supplements   Sunday   Sportscene   Sunday Herald   Travel   Articulations   Books   Art & Culture   Entertainment   Monday   Cyber Space   Family Finance   Economy & Business   Art Review   Metrolife   Tuesday   Spectrum   Science & Technology   Environment   Wednesday   Metrolife   Thursday   Metrolife   DH Education   Friday   Homes & Interiors   Metrolife   Saturday   Movie Review   She   Living   Metrolife   Champions Trophy   Sports   Entertainment   Videos   Opinion   Edits   First Edit   Second Edit   Main Article   In Perspective   Right in the Middle   Columns   Oasis   Analysis   Panorama   Special Features   Sunday Spotlight   Kitchen   Recipe   Archives   DH Classifieds    Coast Guard saves 39 lives from bad weather      Saudi, Bahrain, Egypt, UAE cut ties with Qatar over terrorism      Four militants killed as CRPF repel fidayeen attack in Kashmir      Umpire Ravi passes away      Zidane pep talk did the trick      Real remain masters of Europe      Pakistan bow to Indian might      Pakistan bow to Indian might      IT employee unions for 'compassionate unionism'      'India GDP growth to remain flat at 7.1%'      Demonetisation will help boost revenues in long run: World Bank      PSBs plan to raise Rs 58k cr this fiscal      RCom: Telecom industry's cash deficit at Rs 1.2 L cr      Kohli, Yuvraj fire India to 319/3 in rain-hit tie      Play resumes, match reduced to 48-over a side      Terror funding probe: NIA continues raids in J&K      Punjab police arrest three ISI backed ISYF terrorists      Dissatisfied with probe, Anurag Tiwari's family mulls moving court      Molestation victims sought to lodge report, harassed by cop      Pakistan put India in to bat      Kohli, Yuvraj fire India to 319/3 in rain-hit tie      As CBI court holds Babri hearings, temple issue hots up in UP      Trump speaks with Theresa May on brutal London terror attacks      Witnesses share horrific tales of attack in central London      Modi expresses anguish over London attacks      Two-goal Ronaldo fires Real to 12th European title      7 killed, 48 injured as terror attacks strike heart of London      Raghu, Misha sail into final      Food as aesthetic symbol and its afterlives      Cattle rule puts lives at stake      TYGR taxis to ply on Bengaluru roads soon      Ind-Ra revises outlook on Vedanta to stable      BoB signs agreement with SFAC      Textile industry welcomes 5% GST      Big US firms stay on White House panel despite climate jolt      Property prices set to drop post-July 1      Cisco India on talent grooming drive      Sona BLW expands Hungary facility      'More hybrids you sell, greater the chances of EV success'      Gujarat govt notifies amended law with provision of life-term for cow slaughter      Govt retains Rohatgi as Attorney General and Kumar as Solicitor General      PM Modi to hold talks with new French President      ED issues fresh summons to separatist leader Shabir Shah      The little-known of replica of Gateway of India!      Grand old man of Indian Politics, Karunanidhi turns 94 today      'CBI fear' driving officers away, Kejriwal may hire outsiders to run CMO      ISIS failed in India despite large Muslim population: Rajnath      Two jawans killed as militants attack Army convoy in J-K      No special arrangements for my visits, Adityanath tells officials      'Trump's climate claims on China, India false'      Dual Battle for India: Pakistan on field, controversy off it      Maneka Gandhi to be operated for gallstones in AIIMS      India squander lead; lose 1-2 to Belgium      CBI busts transfer racket at Army headquarters, arrests two      NIA raids in Kashmir, Delhi, Haryana over terror funding      Ceasefire violation in 2 sectors in Poonch, woman injured     Next Story BTC meeting to decide on racing schedule Read more >> You are here: Home » Sports » Team India will leave off-field distractions behind, asserts Laxman Team India will leave off-field distractions behind, asserts Laxman Vivek MV, DH News Service, Bengaluru, Jun 1 2017, 0:34 IST VVS Laxman. PTI file image. Despite the off-field tensions, India have made the right beginning to their Champions Trophy title defence by producing fine performances in the two warm-up games. Staying away from controversies and focusing on the responsibilities at hand will be the best way forward for the men-in-blue, feels legendary batsman VVS Laxman. If the uncertainty over their participation in the tournament was the first controversy that hit them, the team is once again in focus, this time over an alleged rift between skipper Virat Kohli and coach Anil Kumble. Despite the negative stories, Laxman is confident the players will concentrate only on the campaign. “I believe that all the distractions will be kept aside when the team walks on to the park. The way they performed in the warm-up games shows they are focusing on the job at hand. When you play for your country, all you want to do is go out and give your best. You are representing a billion people, there is so much expectations. We also need to remember that the 2019 ICC World Cup is in England. If India can do well in this Champions Trophy, then they go to that World Cup with a lot of confidence,” Laxman said on the sidelines of P&G Shiksha Superhero, an initiative to educate and impact the lives of underprivileged children. India do not enjoy a good record against their arch-rivals in Champions Trophy, winning only one of their three encounters so far. “It’s good to get the tough match at first. I have always believed that when you play against Pakistan it is important to remove all the distractions from your mind. India must focus on the task at hand and I am sure Virat will be telling his team the same. The idea is to go out, express themselves and play their natural game,” the former India batsman explained. When India lifted their second Champions Trophy title in 2013, it was a young side that clicked as a group. Laxman felt the current squad is better thanks to the experience it holds. “Definitely, this squad is more experienced. A lot of players from that side are still the nucleus of this team. Every player evolves. Take the example of Umesh Yadav... the way he has evolved since 2013.. more mature, understands his bowling a lot more,” he noted. Email this page Print this page Tweet Go to Top Videos Real Madrid win a record 12th European Cup with a 4-1 win over Juventus Surfing legend, wetsuit pioneer Jack O'Neill dies at 94 Champions Trophy: Men in blue sweat themselves day before much-awaited Indo-Pak match There are no problems between me and coach Kumble, says Kohli Benfica say goalkeeper Ederson to join Manchester City Florida police release Tiger Woods arrest video Australia and New Zealand captains look ahead to opening match Manchester United outclass Ajax to win Europa League Steve Smith hoping cricket dispute is resolved soon Videos more Militants stage deadly terror attack in London BSF soldiers hail 'Men in Blue' by performing Bhangra Police chief confirms nine deaths - including three attackers in London attack Congress protests against Indo-Pak match, burns Pakistan flag Bhanwari Devi murder case: Accused Indira Bishnoi arrested Coast Guard rescues 31 personnel off sinking barge Thieves loot Rs. 4 lakh meant for marriage Police arrests 5, seizes Rs 1.15 crore demonetised currency Real Madrid win a record 12th European Cup with a 4-1 win over Juventus Surfing legend, wetsuit pioneer Jack O'Neill dies at 94 Most popular stories now Commented Emailed Viewed 1.IIT-M student attacked after participating in 'beef feast' 2.Rajasthan HC wants cow to be declared national animal 3.I am reading Upanishads, Gita to take on RSS, BJP: Rahul 4.Sooraj undergoes eye surgery, friends say protests planned 5.When the coast is compromised 1.Bikes used for wheelies could be junked, warn cops 2.Playing peekaboo with the past 3.Music and dance reviews 4.Saudi, Bahrain, Egypt, UAE cut ties with Qatar over terrorism 5.Airport train, beyond Metro 1. Airport train, beyond Metro 2. 7 killed, 48 injured as terror attacks strike heart of London 3. India outclass Pakistan 4. Are you on Twitter? US Journalist asks Modi, gets trolled on social media 5. 5-year-old girl in shock after brutal sex assault Photo Gallery Indian cricketers watch Pakistan's Shoaib Malik leave the field after he was dismissed by Ravindra . India's Ravindra Jadeja, celebrates the dismissal of Pakistan's Azhar Ali during the ICC Champions Teammates congratulate India's Ravindra Jadeja, third left, for taking a catch to dismiss Pakistan's Pakistan's Shadab Khan celebrates with captain Sarfraz Ahmed... Indian cricket captain Virat Kohli, left, and Rohit Sharma... India's Shikhar Dhawan, right, and Rohit Sharma... Pakistan's Wahab Riaz bowls during the ICC Champions Trophy... India captain Virat Kohli waits to lead his team... Police officers stand by a cordoned-off staircase in San Carlo Square in Turin, Italy... Priests and devotees offer prayers at Har ki Paidi... more Like us on Facebook About Us | News | Business | Sports | Supplements | Contact Us | Privacy Policy Copyright 2017, The Printers (Mysore) Private Ltd., 75, M.G Road, Post Box 5331, Bengaluru - 560001 Tel: +91 (80) 25880000 Fax No. +91 (80) 25880523 Powered by Yodasoft Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: muscatinejournal.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Customer Service Subscribe Sections e-Edition Customer Service Contact Us Subscriptions News Crime Opinion Sports Submit news Calendar Hometown Obituaries Sports High school College Entertainment Games & Puzzles People Weekly Ads Classifieds Business Directory Jobs Cars Real Estate Place an ad Newspaper Ads Special sections Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 68° Muscatine, IA (52761) Today Mostly clear. Tonight Mostly clear. Low 59F. Winds light and variable. Updated: June 4, 2017 @ 11:15 pm Full Forecast Obits Opinion Local Crime & Courts Classifieds Sports Close Mark Lennihan FILE - In this Wednesday, Oct. 8, 2014, file photo, a statue of George Washington stands near The New York Stock Exchange, in background. U.S. stock indexes are falling for the second day in a row Wednesday, May 31, 2017, as energy companies tumble with the price of oil. Banks also slipped following a drop in bond yields and interest rates the day before. Technology companies continued to surge. Chipmaker Analog Devices is up after its quarterly results were better than Wall Street had expected. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) AP Most Asian stock markets rise after Wall Street loss By JOE McDONALD AP Business Writer May 31, 2017 Updated May 31, 2017 0 Mark Lennihan FILE - In this Wednesday, Oct. 8, 2014, file photo, a statue of George Washington stands near The New York Stock Exchange, in background. U.S. stock indexes are falling for the second day in a row Wednesday, May 31, 2017, as energy companies tumble with the price of oil. Banks also slipped following a drop in bond yields and interest rates the day before. Technology companies continued to surge. Chipmaker Analog Devices is up after its quarterly results were better than Wall Street had expected. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) BEIJING (AP) — Chinese stocks declined Thursday after a survey showed manufacturing weakening while other Asian markets gained after Wall Street fell for a second day. KEEPING SCORE: The Shanghai Composite Index lost 0.5 percent to 3,102.21 while Tokyo's Nikkei 225 gained 1 percent to 19,854.27. Hong Kong's Hang Seng advanced 0.4 percent to 25,752.44 and Seoul's Kospi shed 0.1 percent to 2,344.29. Sydney's S&P-ASX 200 gained 0.2 percent to 5,733.90 and benchmarks in New Zealand, Taiwan and Southeast Asia also advanced. WALL STREET: U.S. stocks fell on a sharp drop for banks and a rare loss for tech companies. That offset gains for drug makers and consumer-focused companies. Banks fell after executives from JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America said their trading businesses are having a rough second quarter. Energy companies fell with oil prices. Investors picked consumer-focused companies, drug makers and high-dividend utilities and household goods companies. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost less than 0.1 percent to 2,411.80. The Dow Jones industrial average dropped 0.1 percent to 21,008.65. CHINESE MANUFACTURING: The Chinese business magazine Caixin said its purchasing managers' index declined for a third month, falling to 49.6 from April's 50.3 on a 100-point scale on which numbers below 50 show activity contracting. That came after a separate PMI on Wednesday by the National Bureau of Statistics and an industry group, the China Federation of Logistics and Purchasing, improved to 54.5 from 54. "Yesterday's official PMI reading had hinted at growth having remained broadly stable last month," said Julian Evans-Pritchard of Capital Economics in a report. "But today's downbeat unofficial PMI suggests conditions may not have held up as well as previously thought." Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! MuscatineJournal.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. TRUMP AND CLIMATE: President Donald Trump was preparing to announce a decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord. Trump promoted his announcement Wednesday night on Twitter, after a day in which U.S. allies around the world sounded alarms about the likely consequences of a U.S. withdrawal. Trump himself kept everyone in suspense, saying he was still listening to "a lot of people both ways." Abandoning the pact would isolate the U.S. from allies who spent years negotiating the 2015 agreement to fight global warming by reducing carbon emissions. Withdrawing would leave the United States aligned only with Russia among the world's industrialized economies. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. oil gained 38 cents to $48.70 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract plunged $1.34 on Wednesday to close at $48.32. Brent crude, used to price international oils, advanced 40 cents to $51.16 in London. It dropped $1.48 the previous session. CURRENCY: The dollar gained to 110.92 yen from Wednesday's 110.76. The euro edged down to $1.1244 from $1.1247. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags Wire Business General News Oil And Gas Industry Energy Industry Brent Crude Markets Crude Oil Markets Energy Markets Commodity Markets Financial Markets Banking And Credit Financial Services Pound Sterling Currency Markets Stock Indices And Averages Stock Markets Stock Prices Leading Economic Indicators Economy Japanese Yen Technology Electronic Parts Manufacturing Industrial Products And Services × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Trending now Morgan ready to take on 'dream job' as Muscatine athletic director Highway 61 traffic cam turned off while Muscatine appeals court ruling Muscatine police looking for information in assault investigation Lynne Weber 4 construction projects to know about in Muscatine area this month Business Directory Latest Local Offers Beckey Insurance & Financial Services Beckey Insurance & Financial Services specializes in providing Senior and Medicare related products. Call today to learn more - 563-263-9700 Updated Jun 2, 2017 Non-Emergency Transport Do you need a prompt, safe and comfortable ride to the airport? Non-Emergency Transport offers rides to the The Eastern Iowa Airport and Quad City International Airport! Updated Jun 2, 2017 Latest e-Edition The Muscatine Journal 23 hours ago Related Related Page A1 Page A2 Page A3 Page A4 Page A5 Page A6 Page A7 Page A8 (0) More on this topic Survey: Economists expect slower US growth Today in History Day of Portland demonstrations marked by arrests, clashes System aims to recreate challenging mountain climbs in gym Autopsy of brother of man who killed boy inconclusive Currents Jobs Economy update: 5 charts explaining the current state of U.S. unemployment Food Fast food kids' meals ranked from most to least caloric Parenting How popular is your name now? Today’s top pics: World reacts to Trump declaration and more Your daily 6: A champ who 'knew them all,' Penn State sentencing and Kathy Griffin grilled Today In History, June 2: Lou Gehrig Today's Birthdays, June 2: Dana Carvey Oh the Places You'll Go! Dr. Seuss museum opens its doors LeBron's brilliance not enough in Game 2 loss to Warriors Happ's 2 HRs, Jay's RBI single lead Cubs over Cardinals 7-6 The Latest: Warriors beat Cavs 132-113, take 2-0 Finals lead Latest Local Offers Non-Emergency Transport Specializes in Non-Emergency Trips like Doctors Appointments, Rides to the Aiprort and More! Click Here for Details! 563-299-3513 Non-Emergency Transport offers flexible transportation 24 hours per day, 7 days per week inc… Non-Emergency Transport Serving Muscatine & Surrounding Areas, Muscatine, IA 52761 563-299-3513 Currently Open Ads Do you need a prompt, safe and comfortable ride to the airport? Non-Emergency Transport offers rides to the The Eastern Iowa Airport and Quad City International Airport! 24 Hours/Day • 7 Days/Week Non-Emergency Transport Serving Muscatine & Surrounding Areas, Muscatine, IA 52761 563-299-3513 Currently Open Ads Beckey Insurance & Financial Services specializes in providing Senior and Medicare related products. Call today to learn more - 563-263-9700 Establishing, reviewing, and updating your personal insurance plans and products can be a da… Beckey Insurance & Financial Services 102 W 2nd St , Muscatine, IA 52761 563-263-9700 Ads TODAY'S TOP VIDEO 12-year-old stuns with ventriloquist act Trump: This bloodshed will end Concert brings together people of Manchester Tensions rise at Portland protests Sites & Partners muscatinejournal.com qctimes.com Hawkmania.com Topics & Features Obituaries e-Edition Weather Contact us River levels Online features Tools & Services Buy Photos © Copyright 2017 The Muscatine Journal, 301 E. 3rd St Muscatine, IA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Home About Subscribe Send News Advertising Restaurant Franchise Classifieds Restaurant Jobs Contact Privacy Pei Wei Names Brandon Solano CMO May 31, 2017 · Pan-Asian fast casual leader taps award-winning marketing exec Brandon Solano Brandon Solano Scottsdale, AZ  (RestaurantNews.com)  Pei Wei, the leader in delivering a handcrafted, Pan-Asian culinary experience, has named Brandon Solano chief marketing officer after an extensive national search. Solano, an award-winning marketing and brand development executive, has vast experience within the restaurant industry. He most recently served as CMO for Papa Murphy’s Pizza, and held senior leadership positions with Wendy’s and Domino’s Pizza. “I know firsthand Brandon’s creativity, passion and ability to drive results through marketing strategies and brand development,” said Pei Wei CEO J. Hedrick. “Brandon will be a key asset to the Pei Wei leadership team as we continue to build and deliver on our brand promise.” “I joined Pei Wei because I believe in the vision and leadership of the executive team who is fiercely committed to winning and puts people first,” said Solano. “As a foodie, I love the brand and appreciate the unique space that Pei Wei occupies in the fast casual industry, particularly when it comes to Pei Wei’s dedication to quality food and handcrafted care.” In addition to his restaurant leadership experience, Solano experience marketing top brands including Hershey’s, Kellogg’s and Proctor & Gamble. He holds a bachelor’s degree in public relations from Grand Valley State University and an MBA from the University of Notre Dame. About Pei Wei Founded in 2000, Scottsdale, Arizona-based Pei Wei is a Pan-Asian, fast casual restaurant that offers guests a way to eat well, be well and live well. Pei Wei prepares each dish to order using freshly chopped ingredients, purposely chosen for nutrition as well as flavor, and in the tradition of ancient Asian cooking methods. Menu offerings include lettuce wraps, salads, sushi, quinoa bowls and Wok Classics that can be easily customized for any palate or diet, including gluten-free and vegetarian. Pei Wei owns and operates more than 200 restaurants in 21 states. For more information, visit www.peiwei.com, and the latest Pei Wei news is also on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Contacts: Katie McKenzie or Loren Rutledge Katie@spmcommunications.com Loren@spmcommunications.com 817-329-3257 Share this post Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email Recommended for You The Country’s First Kosher Certified Tavern Opens at Historic Railroad Stop New Zinburger Wine & Burger Bar in Edison To Host Job Fair June 2 – June 13 Captain D’s Accelerates Louisiana Expansion with Opening of New Zachary Restaurant Your Pie Announces Return of Summertime Fan-Favorite: Peach Prosciutto Pie Restaurant Franchise Opportunities Recent Posts The Country’s First Kosher Certified Tavern Opens at Historic Railroad Stop New Zinburger Wine & Burger Bar in Edison To Host Job Fair June 2 – June 13 Captain D’s Accelerates Louisiana Expansion with Opening of New Zachary Restaurant Your Pie Announces Return of Summertime Fan-Favorite: Peach Prosciutto Pie NPC International, Inc. Announces Acquisition of 140 Wendy’s Restaurants from The Wendy’s Company Follow Us © 2017 RestaurantNews.com. All rights reserved.
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   News updated: 5/31/2017 9:43 PM Most Asian stock markets rise after Wall Street loss Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close FILE - In this Wednesday, Oct. 8, 2014, file photo, a statue of George Washington stands near The New York Stock Exchange, in background. U.S. stock indexes are falling for the second day in a row Wednesday, May 31, 2017, as energy companies tumble with the price of oil. Banks also slipped following a drop in bond yields and interest rates the day before. Technology companies continued to surge. Chipmaker Analog Devices is up after its quarterly results were better than Wall Street had expected. Associated Press   By JOE McDONALD     BEIJING -- Chinese stocks declined Thursday after a survey showed manufacturing weakening while other Asian markets gained after Wall Street fell for a second day. KEEPING SCORE: The Shanghai Composite Index lost 0.5 percent to 3,102.21 while Tokyo's Nikkei 225 gained 1 percent to 19,854.27. Hong Kong's Hang Seng advanced 0.4 percent to 25,752.44 and Seoul's Kospi shed 0.1 percent to 2,344.29. Sydney's S&P-ASX 200 gained 0.2 percent to 5,733.90 and benchmarks in New Zealand, Taiwan and Southeast Asia also advanced. WALL STREET: U.S. stocks fell on a sharp drop for banks and a rare loss for tech companies. That offset gains for drug makers and consumer-focused companies. Banks fell after executives from JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America said their trading businesses are having a rough second quarter. Energy companies fell with oil prices. Investors picked consumer-focused companies, drug makers and high-dividend utilities and household goods companies. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost less than 0.1 percent to 2,411.80. The Dow Jones industrial average dropped 0.1 percent to 21,008.65. CHINESE MANUFACTURING: The Chinese business magazine Caixin said its purchasing managers' index declined for a third month, falling to 49.6 from April's 50.3 on a 100-point scale on which numbers below 50 show activity contracting. That came after a separate PMI on Wednesday by the National Bureau of Statistics and an industry group, the China Federation of Logistics and Purchasing, improved to 54.5 from 54. "Yesterday's official PMI reading had hinted at growth having remained broadly stable last month," said Julian Evans-Pritchard of Capital Economics in a report. "But today's downbeat unofficial PMI suggests conditions may not have held up as well as previously thought." TRUMP AND CLIMATE: President Donald Trump was preparing to announce a decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord. Trump promoted his announcement Wednesday night on Twitter, after a day in which U.S. allies around the world sounded alarms about the likely consequences of a U.S. withdrawal. Trump himself kept everyone in suspense, saying he was still listening to "a lot of people both ways." Abandoning the pact would isolate the U.S. from allies who spent years negotiating the 2015 agreement to fight global warming by reducing carbon emissions. Withdrawing would leave the United States aligned only with Russia among the world's industrialized economies. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. oil gained 38 cents to $48.70 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract plunged $1.34 on Wednesday to close at $48.32. Brent crude, used to price international oils, advanced 40 cents to $51.16 in London. It dropped $1.48 the previous session. CURRENCY: The dollar gained to 110.92 yen from Wednesday's 110.76. The euro edged down to $1.1244 from $1.1247. Tweet This article filed under: News Nation/World Associated Press Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2017 Readers' Choice Daily Herald Events and Contests News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Motorcycling Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Get Your Summer On Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman DataNumen SQL Recovery 2.7 has been released! DataNumen SQL Recovery (DSR) is a powerful tool to repair and recover corrupt SQL Server MDF database files. It can scan the MDF files and associated NDF files, then recover your data in them as much as possible, so to minimize the loss in file corruption. Main Features: Support SQL Server 2005, 2008, 2008 R2, 2012, 2014, 2016. Support to recover the structure and data in the tables. Support to recover all data types, except for XML type. Support to recover sparse column. Support to recover deleted records. Support to recover multiple files, including MDF file and its associated NDF files. Support to output recovered data in MDF file or plain text file containing SQL statements that can reconstruct the database. Support to recover MDF/NDF data from undamaged or damaged VMWare VMDK(Virtual Machine Disk) files(*.vmdk), Virtual PC VHD(Virtual Hard Disk) files(*.vhd), Acronis True Image files(*.tib), Norton Ghost files(*.gho, *.v2i), Windows NTBackup files(*.bkf), ISO image files(*.iso) and Nero image files(*.nrg). Support to recover MDF and NDF files as large as 16TB. Support to repair MDF files on corrupted medias, such as floppy disks, Zip disks, CDROMs, etc. Support to repair a batch of MDF files. Integrated with Windows shell, so you can repair a MDF file with context menu in the Explorer easily. Support drag and drop operation. Support command line parameters. Homepage: www.datanumen.com/sql-recovery/ Contact us: pr@datanumen.com Company: DataNumen, Inc. Founded in 2001, DataNumen, Inc. is recognized as a world leader in data recovery technologies. We have sold our award-winning data recovery software in over 130 countries and to many of the largest businesses in the world, including AT&T Global Network Services, General Electric Co., IBM, HP, Dell Inc., Motorola Inc., The Procter & Gamble Co., FedEx Corp., Xerox Corp., Toyota Motor Corp. and many more. The fundamental mission of DataNumen, Inc. is to recover as much data from inadvertent data disasters as possible. With our advanced technologies, we strive to find out the best possible solutions for our clients and minimize the loss in data corruption due to various reasons, such as hardware failures, human misoperations, viruses or hacker attacks. DataNumen, Inc. is made up of a team of highly skilled data recovery professionals with diverse specialties. We are a young team with innovative ideas dedicated to producing the very best data recovery software in the world. DataNumen, Inc. Hong Kong Central 1301 Bank of America Tower Alan Chen submit@datanumen.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Propylene Carbonate Pump Market: Key Players, Capacity, Entry Strategies, Production & Forecast by 2021 Next PostNext North-American Industrial Chocolate Market -Trend & Forecast, 2016-2022 Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Contact Us News Opinion Letters Sports Prospecting Roadbeat Essentials Obituaries Real Estate Gallery Classifieds Advertisers 2,721 12 PLACERVILLE, CALIFORNIA News DayOne Response: Turning dirty water to clean, one bag at a time By Amanda Williams From page A1 | May 31, 2017 Albert Fausel, owner of Placerville Hardware, said he’s pleased to offer the DayOne water bags that filter dirty water to drinkable water at his Main Street store. Democrat photo by Amanda Williams FacebookTwitter FacebookTwitter DayOne Response Amy Cagle, an El Dorado County native who grew up in Pleasant Valley, knew she wanted to be a humanitarian in some fashion – she is doing just that. “We provide clean water for disaster relief. With any type of dirty water, including wastewater or highly contaminated water, the water bags turn it into clean water in 30 minutes. They are lightweight and easy to use.  The water bags remove all of the bacteria and viruses from the water,” said Cagle. DayOne Response has brought their water bags to several locations across the globe, including Nepal after a severe earthquake, in Haiti after a typhoon and in the Philippines. Right now, DayOne is responding to East Africa as it is experiencing a drought. An ah-ha moment for Cagle, she said, was a humanitarian relief effort DayOne responded to in Benin, West Africa. “The water had the color of chocolate milk and I saw it change to clear in the DayOne bag – it’s a life changing moment,” Cagle said. Cagle and the co-founder of the company, Trisha Markman, met in college when the idea came about. In 2010 the women started working together and idea turned into reality. Both women work as a team. Cagle is more the business side and Markman is more the engineering side, Cagle said. DayOne Response bags are for sale at the Placerville Hardware store on Main Street and are good for anyone wanting to go to a remote location where there may not be clean water available. Albert Fausel, third generation owner of Placerville Hardware, said he is excited to carry the merchandise. “I have been looking for a company like this.  For anyone who is going up to the high country this is a good thing to have,” Fausel said. How it works: A multiple treatment process is used for filtration of possible contaminated water to make it ready to drink. The package contains P&G flocculant/disinfectant packets and a turbidity filter. Simply fill the bag, which can hold up to 2.5 gallons, up to the fill-line, open one of the packets and add its contents to the water bag. Close it tightly and mix the contents of the packet with the water “vigorously” as it says on the packaging – wait 25 minutes before drinking. When the process of turning the dirty water to consumable water is finished, the water will be clear. The ladies at DayOne Response don’t seem to be slowing down anytime soon and would like to have a filtration system in a DayOne Response water bag someday that turns salt water into drinkable water.       FacebookTwitter Amanda Williams Story Archive Search Recent Posts Golden grads Golden Sierra High School graduation Pulling together Pulling together Maddy Denner Schedule: June 5-10, 2017 Moore captures first season victory at Speedway Denner takes two medals at state Sports Scene: June 5, 2017 SVC All League Subscribe via Email Enter your email address to subscribe and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address Special Publications » Contact Us | Customer Service Subscribe or Renew Print Edition Submission Forms Facebook Page Twitter Feed Home Source, June 2, 2017 Georgetown Divide Graduates 2017 Village Homes, May 31, 2017 Village Life, May 31, 2017 Happy Healthy Pets 2017 Home Source, May 26, 2017 Village Life, May 24, 2017 Stars and Stripes, May 22, 2017 Home Source, May 19, 2017 Village Homes, May 17, 2017 Spring Home Improvement 2017 Mountain Democrat Readers’ Choice 2016 Gold Country Wine Destinations 2017 Gold Mine Coupons, May 2017 Cameron Park Life, May 2017 Adventures, Spring/Summer 2017 Divide Women in Business 2017 St. Patrick’s Day Count for Cash 2017 Village Life Readers’ Choice 2016 El Dorado County Visitor’s Guide 2016-17 Women in Business 2017 Secrets of Success 2016 Folsom Life Magazine, Fall/Winter 2016 Winter Funtastic 2016 Miracle on Historical Main Street 2016 Leadership El Dorado Adventures, Fall/Winter 2016 El Dorado County Chamber Business Guide 2016 El Dorado County Chamber of Commerce 100th Anniversary Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service (updated 4/30/2015) and Privacy Policy (updated 4/7/2015). Copyright (c) 2017 McNaughton Newspapers, Inc., a family-owned local media company that proudly publishes the Daily Republic, Mountain Democrat, Davis Enterprise, Village Life, Winters Express and other community-driven publications.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Triad Retail Media Enters Mexico’s Thriving Digital Advertising Market ST. PETERSBURG, Fla.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Triad Retail Media, the global leader in digital retail media, today announced its entry into Mexico with a new office led by ad-industry executive Eduardo Picazo. This strategic move comes at a time when digital ad spending is expected to increase 25 percent to $1.46 billion in Mexico in 2017, according to eMarketer. Capitalizing on one of the largest advertising markets in the region, Triad Retail Media’s expanded footprint will help it deliver measureable value to even more retailers and brands seeking to convert online and mobile shoppers. Triad Retail Media executes digital media and monetization programs on behalf of the world’s largest retailers. Its high-impact advertising and content help brands influence and engage customers, which in turn add new profits to retailers’ e-commerce businesses. The company’s key partnerships will help fuel its continued growth in Mexico and eventually across Latin America. “We are thrilled to bring our digital retail media proposition to Mexico, a flourishing advertising market with recent double-digit growth,” said Sherry Smith, Global Chief Customer Officer of Triad Retail Media. “By opening a local office alongside our GroupM and Xaxis counterparts, we’ll be able to interface advertisers with retail clients, which will help retailers secure agency media budgets and help brands engage shoppers. And with his successful playbook in digital media, we are excited to have Eduardo Picazo help lead this important new juncture in our growth.” Picazo has 10 years of experience leading e-commerce and marketing programs. In his new role, he will be responsible for establishing strong local and national supplier relationships while driving awareness of digital media programs and their benefits to retailers and advertisers. Prior to joining Triad Retail Media, Picazo was Facebook’s e-commerce Industry Lead and an Account Manager at Google. He was also previously Operations Director at Xaxis, where he was one of the very first hires in Mexico, and he spent several years at Procter & Gamble. “I am very excited to be joining Triad Retail Media at a time when retailers and brands are increasingly focused on understanding and connecting with their customers,” said Eduardo Picazo, Triad Retail Media’s Managing Director in Mexico. “Triad’s ability to deliver outcome-driven programs based on high-impact, tech-enabled marketing and content services is extremely impressive, as is its world-class team, innovative product solutions and global client roster. I’m looking forward to working in collaboration with local and global teams to accelerate new business and drive quality client results.” About Triad Retail Media Triad Retail Media helps the world’s leading retailers create, manage and operate digital media programs, turning their highly trafficked websites into valuable publishing properties. Walmart U.S. and Mexico, eBay Australia, Asda, Toys”R”Us, CVS, Sam’s Club U.S. and Mexico, Staples, and Kohl’s are among the major global retailers that rely on Triad Retail Media to connect more than 1,000 brands with shoppers in the purchase mindset. Headquartered in St. Petersburg, Florida, with 600 team members in 13 offices worldwide, Triad Retail Media is the global leader in digital retail media. Founded in 2004, it is part of the WPP-owned Xaxis family of specialty companies. For more information, visit www.TriadRetail.com or its social media channels: LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Barium Chloride Dihydrate Market Growth by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast Analysis to 2022 Next PostNext Nickelodeon Introduces Interactive, Play-along Preschool Videos in NOGGIN App, June 1 on iOS Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 21,206 +62.11 +0.29% Nasdaq 6,306 +58.97 +0.94% S&P 500 2,439 +9.01 +0.37% 12:38 A.M. ET Updated Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, UAE sever diplomatic relations with Qatar 6/04 Updated Asian markets hold steady, shaking off U.K. tensions 6/04 Updated Herbalife to lower its quarterly sales outlook: report 6/04 Vladimir Putin was being a troll and Megyn Kelly wasn’t having it 6/04 Top Democrat says there’s smoke, but ‘no smoking gun’ yet in Russia probe 6/04 Updated This is why baby boomers are divorcing at a stunning rate 6/04 Putin denies U.S. election meddling, says he barely met Mike Flynn 6/04 Updated 4 lifestyle changes to reduce your cancer risk 6/04 Updated 9 secrets to staying young 6/04 Updated How to get all Americans to save for retirement 6/04 Updated When does the five-year rule apply to Roth IRAs? 6/04 Updated Facebook aims to be ‘hostile environment for terrorists’ 6/04 Updated You’ve probably never heard of the fastest-growing job in America (clue: it helps the environment) 6/04 Updated U.S. households now have as much debt as they had in 2008 6/04 Updated Baby boomers ruined America, according to this Generation X author 6/04 Updated Teenage boys and girls are choosing very different careers 6/04 Updated More evidence student debt is making young people think twice about marriage 6/04 Updated 11 ways to build a Paris climate change accord — in your own community 6/04 Updated Is my golfing buddy the cheapest guy in America? He asked me to Venmo him $1.50 6/04 Updated Want to help the environment? Use solar power — without putting panels on your roof Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Triad Retail Media Enters Mexico’s Thriving Digital Advertising Market By Published: May 31, 2017 1:00 p.m. ET Share Global expansion underscores digital media’s increasing importance in retail ST. PETERSBURG, Fla., May 31, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Triad Retail Media, the global leader in digital retail media, today announced its entry into Mexico with a new office led by ad-industry executive Eduardo Picazo. This strategic move comes at a time when digital ad spending is expected to increase 25 percent to $1.46 billion in Mexico in 2017, according to eMarketer. Capitalizing on one of the largest advertising markets in the region, Triad Retail Media’s expanded footprint will help it deliver measureable value to even more retailers and brands seeking to convert online and mobile shoppers. Triad Retail Media executes digital media and monetization programs on behalf of the world’s largest retailers. Its high-impact advertising and content help brands influence and engage customers, which in turn add new profits to retailers’ e-commerce businesses. The company’s key partnerships will help fuel its continued growth in Mexico and eventually across Latin America. “We are thrilled to bring our digital retail media proposition to Mexico, a flourishing advertising market with recent double-digit growth,” said Sherry Smith, Global Chief Customer Officer of Triad Retail Media. “By opening a local office alongside our GroupM and Xaxis counterparts, we’ll be able to interface advertisers with retail clients, which will help retailers secure agency media budgets and help brands engage shoppers. And with his successful playbook in digital media, we are excited to have Eduardo Picazo help lead this important new juncture in our growth.” Picazo has 10 years of experience leading e-commerce and marketing programs. In his new role, he will be responsible for establishing strong local and national supplier relationships while driving awareness of digital media programs and their benefits to retailers and advertisers. Prior to joining Triad Retail Media, Picazo was Facebook’s e-commerce Industry Lead and an Account Manager at Google. He was also previously Operations Director at Xaxis, where he was one of the very first hires in Mexico, and he spent several years at Procter & Gamble. “I am very excited to be joining Triad Retail Media at a time when retailers and brands are increasingly focused on understanding and connecting with their customers,” said Eduardo Picazo, Triad Retail Media’s Managing Director in Mexico. “Triad’s ability to deliver outcome-driven programs based on high-impact, tech-enabled marketing and content services is extremely impressive, as is its world-class team, innovative product solutions and global client roster. I’m looking forward to working in collaboration with local and global teams to accelerate new business and drive quality client results.” About Triad Retail Media Triad Retail Media helps the world’s leading retailers create, manage and operate digital media programs, turning their highly trafficked websites into valuable publishing properties. Walmart U.S. and Mexico, eBay Australia, Asda, Toys"R"Us, CVS, Sam’s Club U.S. and Mexico, Staples, and Kohl’s are among the major global retailers that rely on Triad Retail Media to connect more than 1,000 brands with shoppers in the purchase mindset. Headquartered in St. Petersburg, Florida, with 600 team members in 13 offices worldwide, Triad Retail Media is the global leader in digital retail media. Founded in 2004, it is part of the WPP-owned Xaxis family of specialty companies. For more information, visit www.TriadRetail.com or its social media channels: LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170531005941/en/ SOURCE: Triad Retail Media"> <Property FormalName="PrimaryTwitterHandle" Value="@TriadRetail Triad Retail Media Communications Misty Brown or Denise Wilson, 727-231-5121 pr@triadretail.com or Racepoint Global for Triad Retail Media Amanda Nadile, 617-624-3244 RPGTriadUS@racepointglobal.com Copyright Business Wire 2017 From MarketWatch More Coverage Trump Announcement on Paris Climate Accord Most Popular Stock market bracing for potentially the most explosive stretch of trading this year Harley-Davidson is recalling 57,000 motorcycles Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 Costco versus Amazon Prime — which membership offers more value? Trump Quits Climate Deal — Citing ‘America First’ MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Hand Sanitizers Market Is Expected To Reach Over US$ 2,900 Mn By 2025 – Credence Research New Market Research Reports Title “Global Hand Sanitizers Market Is Expected To Reach Over US$ 2,900 Mn By 2025 – Credence Research” Has Been Added to Credenceresearch.com Report Database. According to a new market report published by Credence Research “Global Hand Sanitizers Market Growth, Future Prospects and Competitive Analysis, 2017 – 2025,” the global hand sanitizers market is expected to reach over US$ 2,900 Mn by 2025, expanding at a CAGR of 12.9% from 2017 to 2025. Browse the full Global Hand Sanitizers Market by product type, Gel, Foam, Spray, Liquid, Others (Sanitizing Hand Wipes, etc.); by Sales Channel, Department Stores, Supermarkets And Hyper Markets, Convenience Stores, E-Tailers, Retail Pharmacy Stores; by Application Hospitals, Hotels and Restaurants, Household Purpose, Others (Corporates, Schools etc.) and by geography North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America and Middle East & Africa – Market Growth, Future Prospects and Competitive Analysis, 2017 – 2025 report at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/hand-sanitizer-market Market Insights On the basis of product type, the global hand sanitizer market is segmented into gel, foam, spray, liquid, others (sanitizing hand wipes, etc.). Among these, gel segment accounted for the largest segment by value and accounted for more than 35% share of the global market in 2016. Based on end use, the hand sanitizer market is categorized into hospitals, hotels and restaurants, household purpose and others (corporates, schools etc.). In 2016, hospital segment accounted for largest segment for hand sanitizers as hand sanitizers are used by physicians, patients and also the staff and visitors to prevent the spreading of contagious diseases. The complete report is available at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/hand-sanitizer-market The hand sanitizer market can be segmented based on sales channel as, department stores, supermarkets and hyper markets, convenience stores, e-tailers and retail pharmacy stores. The supermarket and hypermarket segment accounted for the largest revenue share in the global hand sanitizers market by sale channel in 2016. Owing to shifting trends towards modern retailing by end users. For the purpose of this study, the global hand sanitizer market is categorized into regional markets viz., North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and Latin America and Middle East and Africa. In base year 2016, North America was observed as the largest market for hand sanitizers followed by Europe and Asia Pacific. Asia Pacific is expected to achieve highest growth rate compared to other regions due to presence of countries such as China, India and Japan are observing significant industrial growth. Furthermore, the companies are focusing on expanding their business network, across regional markets. They are strengthening their market penetration by offering wide product range in the hand sanitizer segment. Due to relatively short lifetime of hand sanitizers, the need for new sanitizers is more. 3M Company, Chattem, Inc., Procter & Gamble (P&G) Company, Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc., Unilever Plc., GOJO Industries, Inc., Bath & Body Works, LLC., Best Sanitizers, Inc., Deb Group Ltd., Henkel Group, Kimberly-Clark Corporation., Medline Industries, Inc., Dial Corporation., etc. are few key manufacturers in global hand sanitizer market. Key Trends: – Product differentiation in terms of formulations and aesthetic bottle design: Key business strategy – Focus on developing skin-safe hand sanitizer gels – Growing application base (institutions, military, supermarkets, offices) – The campaigns and promotional efforts have positioned hand sanitizer gels as first line preventive measure against infection – Heightened fear of contamination experienced during recent viral epidemics driving demand for hand sanitizer gels Related Reports: Female Hygiene Products Market Oxygen Enriched Membrane Market About Credence Research: Credence Research is a worldwide market research and counseling firm that serves driving organizations, governments, non legislative associations, and not-for-benefits. We offer our customers some assistance with making enduring enhancements to their execution and understand their most imperative objectives. Over almost a century, we’ve manufactured a firm extraordinarily prepared to this task. Blog URL – http://www.mobilecomputingtoday.co.uk/5531/hand-sanitizers-market-expected-reach-2900-2025-credence-research/ Media Contact Company Name: Credence Research Contact Person: Chris Smith, Global Sales Manager Email: sales@credenceresearch.com Phone: +1-800-361-8290 Address:105 N 1st ST #429, SAN JOSE, CA 95103 US City: SAN JOSE State: California Country: United States Website: http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/hand-sanitizer-market CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Commodity Market, Marketing & Sales, Retail, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Samenvatting: Analogix introduceert ANX7447-reeks USB-C-poortcontrollers met versie 3.0 voor USB-voeding Next PostNext La minería de oro de OPALO busca retornos sociales positivos en Chile. Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
WHBQ Memphis LIVE http://www.fox13memphis.com/cmg-main-theme/css WHBQ Memphis SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your whbq profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 7249941 Home 7249947 Weather FOX13 Radar Hour by Hour Video Forecast Accuweather FOX13 Weather App 7249989 News Black History Month Politics News Videos Zika Virus Recalls 230989619 Family Focus Speaker Request Partners Resources Calendar Request Initiatives 7250109 Traffic 8435464 Investigates Crime/Most Wanted Submit a tip Missing Children 7250151 Sports Super Bowl Memphis Tigers Memphis Grizzlies Tennessee Titans High School Football 7250313 Video FOX13 Video Forecast 7250361 Watch Live News and Replay Live Breaking News 7250265 About Us FOX13 News Staff Contests What's on FOX13 Get Social Cox Careers Advertise with FOX13 Contact Us Newsletters Sign Up More Most Asian stock markets rise after Wall Street loss by: JOE McDONALD, AP Business Writer Updated: May 31, 2017 - 10:43 PM BEIJING (AP) - Chinese stocks declined Thursday after a survey showed manufacturing weakening while other Asian markets gained after Wall Street fell for a second day. KEEPING SCORE: The Shanghai Composite Index lost 0.5 percent to 3,102.21 while Tokyo's Nikkei 225 gained 1 percent to 19,854.27. Hong Kong's Hang Seng advanced 0.4 percent to 25,752.44 and Seoul's Kospi shed 0.1 percent to 2,344.29. Sydney's S&P-ASX 200 gained 0.2 percent to 5,733.90 and benchmarks in New Zealand, Taiwan and Southeast Asia also advanced. WALL STREET: U.S. stocks fell on a sharp drop for banks and a rare loss for tech companies. That offset gains for drug makers and consumer-focused companies. Banks fell after executives from JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America said their trading businesses are having a rough second quarter. Energy companies fell with oil prices. Investors picked consumer-focused companies, drug makers and high-dividend utilities and household goods companies. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost less than 0.1 percent to 2,411.80. The Dow Jones industrial average dropped 0.1 percent to 21,008.65. CHINESE MANUFACTURING: The Chinese business magazine Caixin said its purchasing managers' index declined for a third month, falling to 49.6 from April's 50.3 on a 100-point scale on which numbers below 50 show activity contracting. That came after a separate PMI on Wednesday by the National Bureau of Statistics and an industry group, the China Federation of Logistics and Purchasing, improved to 54.5 from 54. "Yesterday's official PMI reading had hinted at growth having remained broadly stable last month," said Julian Evans-Pritchard of Capital Economics in a report. "But today's downbeat unofficial PMI suggests conditions may not have held up as well as previously thought." TRUMP AND CLIMATE: President Donald Trump was preparing to announce a decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord. Trump promoted his announcement Wednesday night on Twitter, after a day in which U.S. allies around the world sounded alarms about the likely consequences of a U.S. withdrawal. Trump himself kept everyone in suspense, saying he was still listening to "a lot of people both ways." Abandoning the pact would isolate the U.S. from allies who spent years negotiating the 2015 agreement to fight global warming by reducing carbon emissions. Withdrawing would leave the United States aligned only with Russia among the world's industrialized economies. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. oil gained 38 cents to $48.70 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract plunged $1.34 on Wednesday to close at $48.32. Brent crude, used to price international oils, advanced 40 cents to $51.16 in London. It dropped $1.48 the previous session. CURRENCY: The dollar gained to 110.92 yen from Wednesday's 110.76. The euro edged down to $1.1244 from $1.1247. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Most Asian stock markets rise after Wall Street loss Stocks set records again; bond yields sink after jobs report Global markets rally ahead of US jobs report Asian markets rally; Tokyo stocks up as yen falls World stocks mixed on US political uncertainty, pound slides News Local News National/World News Video Traffic FOX13 Weather Weather Download the FOX13 Weather App Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About FOX13 What's on FOX13 FCC EEO Report FOX13 Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
null
Sign In Register Home Subscribe Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Vacation Hold Report a problem eEdition Submit News About Us About Us Become a distributor Customer Care Contact Us Advertising Advertising Place an ad Our Partners Our Partners VIP Magazine Hardin County News Jasper Newsboy Lakecaster Southeasttexas Classifieds Archives Careers Local Were you 'Seen'? Crime Weather Communities Communities Orange County Hardin County Kountze Lumberton Silsbee Sour Lake Lakes Region Buna Jasper Kirbyville Newton Woodville Mid-County Groves Nederland Port Arthur Port Neches Sabine Pass Orange County Bridge City Mauriceville Vidor Bolivar Peninsula Chambers County Liberty County cat5 Archives Best of Everything Guide Smouldering Port Arthur silo ruptures, collapses Were you 'Seen' at TASI's Alternative Show? Photos: Buddhist Temple celebrates lotus festival Cat population multiplying fast in urban areas US & World Nation World Louisiana Texas Hot Topics Solo climber is 1st up mighty California rock without ropes Trial set to begin for woman charged in texting suicide case UN chief announces new talks on Cyprus reunification in June Autopsy of brother of man who killed boy inconclusive A&E VIP Magazine Calendar Seen Movies TV Comics Puzzles Horoscopes Games Lottery Photo Sponsored Articles The Latest: Grande, Katy, Liam Gallagher sing for Manchester Ex-major leaguer Piersall dies at 87; battled mental illness Rep: Brandy released from hospital after collapse Aerial storytellers begin ship show tonight cat5 Sports High School Lamar The NFL College Football Outdoors The Huddle In the Cards Baseball Golf Basketball Houston Astros Houston Rockets Houston Texans Other sports PN-G's state semifinal tournament field set PN-G baseball advances to state finals You can fish without a license in TX Saturday PN-G baseball a win away from state finals Business Technology Texas Business Nation & World Fuel Fix Business Directory Sponsored Content Beaumont Rice Mills turns 125 Port Neches animal groomer takes her work on the road Downtown library to re-open Tuesday JC Penney stores in SETX spared for now Obits Opinion Editorials Letters Submit a Letter Columns Cartoons 'Toon Time 6-3-17 'Toon Time 6-2-17 'Toon Time 6-1-17 'Toon Time 5-31-17 Cars Jobs Latest Local Job Videos Compare your salary Homes SETX Real Estate It's a seller's market... if you can find a place to move The most expensive Lumberton homes on the market $5 million French-style Kirbyville home for sale Century-old downtown Orange building for sale offers eclectic, MenuSections http://www.beaumontenterprise.com/news/world/article/US-stocks-slide-as-energy-companies-fall-with-oil-11184991.php Most Asian stock markets rise after Wall Street loss Joe Mcdonald, Ap Business Writer Updated 9:39 am, Thursday, June 1, 2017 Photo: Mark Lennihan, AP Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 FILE - In this Wednesday, Oct. 8, 2014, file photo, a statue of George Washington stands near The New York Stock Exchange, in background. U.S. stock indexes are falling for the second day in a row Wednesday, May 31, 2017, as energy companies tumble with the price of oil. Banks also slipped following a drop in bond yields and interest rates the day before. Technology companies continued to surge. Chipmaker Analog Devices is up after its quarterly results were better than Wall Street had expected. less FILE - In this Wednesday, Oct. 8, 2014, file photo, a statue of George Washington stands near The New York Stock Exchange, in background. U.S. stock indexes are falling for the second day in a row Wednesday, ... more Photo: Mark Lennihan, AP Most Asian stock markets rise after Wall Street loss 1 / 1 Back to Gallery BEIJING (AP) — Chinese stocks declined Thursday after a survey showed manufacturing weakening while other Asian markets gained after Wall Street fell for a second day. KEEPING SCORE: The Shanghai Composite Index lost 0.5 percent to 3,102.21 while Tokyo's Nikkei 225 gained 1 percent to 19,854.27. Hong Kong's Hang Seng advanced 0.4 percent to 25,752.44 and Seoul's Kospi shed 0.1 percent to 2,344.29. Sydney's S&P-ASX 200 gained 0.2 percent to 5,733.90 and benchmarks in New Zealand, Taiwan and Southeast Asia also advanced. WALL STREET: U.S. stocks fell on a sharp drop for banks and a rare loss for tech companies. That offset gains for drug makers and consumer-focused companies. Banks fell after executives from JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America said their trading businesses are having a rough second quarter. Energy companies fell with oil prices. Investors picked consumer-focused companies, drug makers and high-dividend utilities and household goods companies. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost less than 0.1 percent to 2,411.80. The Dow Jones industrial average dropped 0.1 percent to 21,008.65. CHINESE MANUFACTURING: The Chinese business magazine Caixin said its purchasing managers' index declined for a third month, falling to 49.6 from April's 50.3 on a 100-point scale on which numbers below 50 show activity contracting. That came after a separate PMI on Wednesday by the National Bureau of Statistics and an industry group, the China Federation of Logistics and Purchasing, improved to 54.5 from 54. "Yesterday's official PMI reading had hinted at growth having remained broadly stable last month," said Julian Evans-Pritchard of Capital Economics in a report. "But today's downbeat unofficial PMI suggests conditions may not have held up as well as previously thought." TRUMP AND CLIMATE: President Donald Trump was preparing to announce a decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord. Trump promoted his announcement Wednesday night on Twitter, after a day in which U.S. allies around the world sounded alarms about the likely consequences of a U.S. withdrawal. Trump himself kept everyone in suspense, saying he was still listening to "a lot of people both ways." Abandoning the pact would isolate the U.S. from allies who spent years negotiating the 2015 agreement to fight global warming by reducing carbon emissions. Withdrawing would leave the United States aligned only with Russia among the world's industrialized economies. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. oil gained 38 cents to $48.70 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract plunged $1.34 on Wednesday to close at $48.32. Brent crude, used to price international oils, advanced 40 cents to $51.16 in London. It dropped $1.48 the previous session. CURRENCY: The dollar gained to 110.92 yen from Wednesday's 110.76. The euro edged down to $1.1244 from $1.1247. Top Stories Smouldering Port Arthur silo ruptures, collapses Cat population multiplying fast in urban areas TX firefighters stand for fallen co-worker's son Mugshot: Felon flees BPD officers FDA: Tuna sold to local eatery could be tainted Community seeks answers, closure following principal's death SO: Drugs, guns and $13K seized from Nederland apartment BPD: Can you ID men that robbed clerk at gunpoint? Tyler Co. Sheriff: Burning body is homicide case Liberty Co. man charged after baby on bike FB pic Local News Smouldering Port Arthur silo ruptures, collapses Were you 'Seen' at TASI's Alternative Show? Photos: Buddhist Temple celebrates lotus festival Cat population multiplying fast in urban areas Which SETX cities have the most DUI wrecks? FDA: Tuna sold to local eatery could be tainted Latest News Videos View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Subscriber Services Advertising Careers Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact FAQ Contact Us eEdition Connect Facebook Twitter Google Instagram Hearst Newspapers © Hearst Newspapers, II LLC
Close Mobile e-Edition Subscriber Services Advertise with Us Contact Us Welcome! Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard Subscribe 77° Broken Clouds Thegardenisland.com Home Classifieds Calendar Contact Us Legals Subscriber Services Submit News Tip Correction Search Gas Prices E-Edition News Topics Local News Obituaries Police Logs Hawaii Business Government Education Special Sections National News World News News Tip Correction The Latest Teacher recovering from hit-and-run accident Updated: June 04, 2017 - 5:56 am KAPAHI — Janice Ferraz rode her bicycle every day, no matter where she went. She even bicycled to work at St. Catherine School. Comments (3) Connoisseur’s Culinary Journey showcases local fare around the islands Updated: June 04, 2017 - 5:55 am HANALEI — Volunteers at the Waipa Foundation were cranking out the usual 1,200 pounds of poi to sell throughout the island on Thursday, but there were extra people in the ranks. Comments (0) Recent Monkeypod Jam wins business plan competition Talk story with Bill Fernandez Arrest log for Sunday, June 4, 2017 Young Brothers posts flat first quarter Obituaries for Sunday, June 4, 2017 Sports Topics KIF Sports Local Sports Univ. of Hawaii Sports wire Surfing Opinion The Latest Haena-to-Hanalei run a success Posted: June 04, 2017 - 1:00 am HANALEI — When Mark Goodman received his prizes for winning the Haena to Hanalei 8-mile walk Saturday morning, he was beaming. Comments (0) Running in the Ivy League Posted: June 04, 2017 - 12:05 am LIHUE — It took a while for Kaeo Kruse to settle into life on the East Coast. Comments (0) Recent Weston-Webb second in Fiji Sailboat Junior Invitational races in heavy winds Showtime tonight Three-pointers fuel Na Koa sweep Fiji Women’s final moved to Saturday Opinion In Our Opinion Letters to Editor Submit a Letter Guest Opinion Life Topics Food Happy Camper Births Kauai Made Island history The Latest Old Kalapaki recalled at the opening of the Kauai Surf Hotel Posted: June 04, 2017 - 12:05 am On Friday evening, July 1, 1960, a party celebrating the opening that day of Inter-Island Resorts’ Kauai Surf Hotel at Kalapaki was held at the Planter’s Bar lanai of the new hotel. Comments (0) Soo-yun schemes, Bong-hee is jealous Posted: June 04, 2017 - 12:05 am South Korea’s iconic female K-pop group, 2NE1, disbanded end of last year as members decided to pursue solo careers. Sistar, another popular female K-pop group, disbanded last week after being together for 7 years and many hits. Comments (0) Recent Talk Story with Chucky Boy Chock Proper steps can help with sciatica recovery Protect herbivorous fish to protect coral reefs Births for Sunday, June 4, 2017 Get a ‘Taste’ of this one Entertainment TGIFr!day Arts and Theatre Dining Music Calendar Check Da Scene Entertainment wire The Latest Feast for the senses Posted: June 02, 2017 - 1:15 am KAPAA — Yes, Taste of Hawaii is about food, drink and music. Comments (0) A time to dance Posted: June 02, 2017 - 1:00 am KAPAA — The West Kauai Hongwanji Hanapepe Temple will be the site of the first bon dance of the Kauai Buddhist Council Bon Dance schedule. Comments (0) Recent Kachi kachi the night away In the name of rain TGIFr!day for June 2, 2017 The music lives on! The Kitchen at Papaya’s Classifieds Service Directory Services Cars Merchandise Classifieds Real Estate Homes for Sale Rentals Real Estate Weekly Jobs Local Jobs Visitors Ocean Safety Calendar Weather E-Edition Search Home News National Most Asian stock markets rise after Wall Street loss Story Comments Print Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next Mark Lennihan Most Asian stock markets rise after Wall Street loss FILE - In this Wednesday, Oct. 8, 2014, file photo, a statue of George Washington stands near The New York Stock Exchange, in background. U.S. stock indexes are falling for the second day in a row Wednesday, May 31, 2017, as energy companies tumble with the price of oil. Banks also slipped following a drop in bond yields and interest rates the day before. Technology companies continued to surge. Chipmaker Analog Devices is up after its quarterly results were better than Wall Street had expected. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) Posted: Wednesday, May 31, 2017 5:43 pm | Updated: 8:24 pm, Wed May 31, 2017. Most Asian stock markets rise after Wall Street loss Associated Press | 0 comments BEIJING (AP) — Chinese stocks declined Thursday after a survey showed manufacturing weakening while other Asian markets gained after Wall Street fell for a second day. KEEPING SCORE: The Shanghai Composite Index lost 0.5 percent to 3,102.21 while Tokyo's Nikkei 225 gained 1 percent to 19,854.27. Hong Kong's Hang Seng advanced 0.4 percent to 25,752.44 and Seoul's Kospi shed 0.1 percent to 2,344.29. Sydney's S&P-ASX 200 gained 0.2 percent to 5,733.90 and benchmarks in New Zealand, Taiwan and Southeast Asia also advanced. WALL STREET: U.S. stocks fell on a sharp drop for banks and a rare loss for tech companies. That offset gains for drug makers and consumer-focused companies. Banks fell after executives from JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America said their trading businesses are having a rough second quarter. Energy companies fell with oil prices. Investors picked consumer-focused companies, drug makers and high-dividend utilities and household goods companies. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost less than 0.1 percent to 2,411.80. The Dow Jones industrial average dropped 0.1 percent to 21,008.65. CHINESE MANUFACTURING: The Chinese business magazine Caixin said its purchasing managers' index declined for a third month, falling to 49.6 from April's 50.3 on a 100-point scale on which numbers below 50 show activity contracting. That came after a separate PMI on Wednesday by the National Bureau of Statistics and an industry group, the China Federation of Logistics and Purchasing, improved to 54.5 from 54. "Yesterday's official PMI reading had hinted at growth having remained broadly stable last month," said Julian Evans-Pritchard of Capital Economics in a report. "But today's downbeat unofficial PMI suggests conditions may not have held up as well as previously thought." TRUMP AND CLIMATE: President Donald Trump was preparing to announce a decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord. Trump promoted his announcement Wednesday night on Twitter, after a day in which U.S. allies around the world sounded alarms about the likely consequences of a U.S. withdrawal. Trump himself kept everyone in suspense, saying he was still listening to "a lot of people both ways." Abandoning the pact would isolate the U.S. from allies who spent years negotiating the 2015 agreement to fight global warming by reducing carbon emissions. Withdrawing would leave the United States aligned only with Russia among the world's industrialized economies. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. oil gained 38 cents to $48.70 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract plunged $1.34 on Wednesday to close at $48.32. Brent crude, used to price international oils, advanced 40 cents to $51.16 in London. It dropped $1.48 the previous session. CURRENCY: The dollar gained to 110.92 yen from Wednesday's 110.76. The euro edged down to $1.1244 from $1.1247. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about Business 'Oi, terrorists, cowards!' Fighting back in London's chaos Q&A: Internet extremism and how to combat it Q&A: Internet extremism and how to combat it Q&A: Internet extremism and how to combat it ARTICLE: Q&A: Internet extremism and how to combat it More about General News Attack brings out the best in London's Borough neighborhood Attack brings out the best in London's Borough neighborhood ARTICLE: Attack brings out the best in London's Borough neighborhood The Latest: Family: Canadian woman killed in London attack The Latest: Family: Canadian woman killed in London attack More about Pharmaceutical Manufacturing Insider Q&A: Drug industry learns to listen to patients ARTICLE: Insider Q&A: Drug industry learns to listen to patients Most Asian stock markets rise after Wall Street loss ARTICLE: How major US stock market indexes fared on Wednesday Discuss Print   Posted in National, National and International, World on Wednesday, May 31, 2017 5:43 pm. Updated: 8:24 pm. | Tags: Business, General News, Pharmaceutical Manufacturing, Health Care Industry, Stock Prices, Leading Economic Indicators, Economy, Stock Markets, Financial Markets, Crude Oil Markets, Energy Markets, Commodity Markets, Stock Indices And Averages, Banking And Credit, Financial Services, Oil And Gas Industry, Energy Industry, Pound Sterling, Currency Markets, Brent Crude Markets, Japanese Yen, Precious Metal Markets, Metal Markets, Gasoline Markets, Motor Fuel Markets, Refined Petroleum Product Markets, Technology, Heating Oil Markets | Location Tags: United Kingdom, Western Europe, Europe, United States, North America, East Asia, Asia, Sydney, New South Wales, Australia, Oceania, China, Greater China, Shanghai, Seoul, South Korea Rules of Conduct 1 Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. 2 Don't Threaten or Abuse. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. AND PLEASE TURN OFF CAPS LOCK. 3 Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. 4 Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. 5 Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. 6 Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Welcome to the discussion. Log In Current users sign in here. Register Print comments Most Popular Articles Most Commented Stocks Stories Scooby to the rescue More arrests in Kalalau Polihale has some pull Business is booming Rose-ringed solution All About 60 support group occupying Coco Palms after police issue trespass notices (37) 100 days of President Donald Trump (36) Locals want removal of Kalalau squatters (26) Kagawa: KPD should hire locally (24) Group occupying Coco Palms will continue to be on property (19) Follow us on Facebook Hawaii Yellow Pages Apartments Attorneys Auto Dealers Auto Parts Auto Repair Beauty Salons Car Rental Dentists Doctors Flowers Hotels Insurance Loans Mortgages Movers Pizza Realtors Restaurants Storage Tax Preparation Travel More... Services Advertise with Us Contact Us About Us Subscriber Services Events Calendar Sections News Sports Opinion Lifestyles Obituaries © Copyright 2015, Thegardenisland.com, 3137 Kuhio Hwy. Lihue, HI | Terms of Service and Privacy Policy | Find Area Businesses Login Now Need an account? Create one now.
Air & Climate Energy & Renewables Environmental Management Health & Safety Monitoring & Testing Soil & Groundwater Waste & Recycling Water & Wastewater Air & Climate Acid Gas Activated Carbon Air Treatment Aerosol Monitoring Aerosols Air Blowers Air Cleaning …and more Companies Products Services Software Training Applications Energy & Renewables Algae Biofuels Anaerobic Digestion Ash Analyses Ash Management Battery Management Biodiesel …and more Companies Products Services Software Training Applications Environmental Management Air Modeling Asbestos Abatement Beach Cleaning Biological Surveys Bird Control Brownfields …and more Companies Products Services Software Training Applications Health & Safety Accident Monitoring Accident Regulations Accidental Releases Acid Waste Aerosol Cans Disposal Air Microbial …and more Companies Products Services Software Training Applications Monitoring & Testing Accident Monitoring Acoustic Monitoring Aerosol Monitoring Air Analyses Air Flow Monitoring Air Monitoring …and more Companies Products Services Software Training Applications Soil & Groundwater Aquifers Bioaugmentation Bioremediation Bioremediation Products Bioremediation Testing Bore Hole Pumps …and more Companies Products Services Software Training Applications Waste & Recycling Acid Waste Aerosol Cans Disposal Air Separation Aluminium Recycling Anaerobic Digestion Autoclaves …and more Companies Products Services Software Training Applications Water & Wastewater Activated Carbon Treatment Activated Sludge Advanced Water Treatment Air Flotation Systems Algae Management Algae Monitoring …and more Companies Products Services Software Training Applications Menu Browse all Channels Air & Climate Energy & Renewables Environmental Management Health & Safety Monitoring & Testing Soil & Groundwater Waste & Recycling Water & Wastewater Air & Climate Acid Gas Activated Carbon Air Treatment Aerosol Monitoring Aerosols Air Blowers Air Cleaning … and more Products Services Software Training Applications Companies News Events Articles Books Magazines Videos Downloads Energy & Renewables Algae Biofuels Anaerobic Digestion Ash Analyses Ash Management Battery Management Biodiesel … and more Products Services Software Training Applications Companies News Events Articles Books Magazines Videos Downloads Environmental Management Air Modeling Asbestos Abatement Beach Cleaning Biological Surveys Bird Control Brownfields … and more Products Services Software Training Applications Companies News Events Articles Books Magazines Videos Downloads Health & Safety Accident Monitoring Accident Regulations Accidental Releases Acid Waste Aerosol Cans Disposal Air Microbial … and more Products Services Software Training Applications Companies News Events Articles Books Magazines Videos Downloads Monitoring & Testing Accident Monitoring Acoustic Monitoring Aerosol Monitoring Air Analyses Air Flow Monitoring Air Monitoring … and more Products Services Software Training Applications Companies News Events Articles Books Magazines Videos Downloads Soil & Groundwater Aquifers Bioaugmentation Bioremediation Bioremediation Products Bioremediation Testing Bore Hole Pumps … and more Products Services Software Training Applications Companies News Events Articles Books Magazines Videos Downloads Waste & Recycling Acid Waste Aerosol Cans Disposal Air Separation Aluminium Recycling Anaerobic Digestion Autoclaves … and more Products Services Software Training Applications Companies News Events Articles Books Magazines Videos Downloads Water & Wastewater Activated Carbon Treatment Activated Sludge Advanced Water Treatment Air Flotation Systems Algae Management Algae Monitoring … and more Products Services Software Training Applications Companies News Events Articles Books Magazines Videos Downloads What are you looking for? All All Products Services Software Training Applications Companies News Articles Books Magazines Events Downloads Videos Products Services Software Training Applications Sign in Sign up Advertising options Sponsorship packages Email marketing Contact Us Sign in Sign up Sign in to XPRT Email Password Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Get Started Sign up to XPRT First name Last name Email Receive updates from selected suppliers Already have an account? Log in here Enter your email to restore your password Email ECO Green Equipment 425 North 400 West, Building 4A , North Salt Lake , Utah 84054 USA About Solutions products applications industries Publications videos articles Latest news Downloads Companies ECO Green Equipment Articles International Tire Recycling Spotlight: Venezuela International Tire Recycling Spotlight: Venezuela 0 Share 6 days ago Courtesy of ECO Green Equipment Tire recycling is a serious global concern. Scrap tires take up far too much space, they can spawn devastating tire fires that burn for weeks or even months when stored together in large numbers, and they they leach chemicals into soil and groundwater. Recycling is an absolute necessity, but not easily done. Most developed countries have produced millions of scrap tires (at the very least), and many developing country are either already there or well on their way to having a similar massive recycling problem on their hands. Scrap tires also provide perfect breeding grounds for mosquitoes. Mosquitoes are bad enough in the US, but it’s fairly rare for them to carry disease. Not so in South American countries, especially those sitting so close to the equator, like Venezuela. Mosquitoes easily flourish there without the extra help of stagnant rainwater sitting in old tires, and these mosquitoes’ bites pack some infamously nasty diseases, including Zika virus and malaria. Malaria had completely disappeared from Venezuela for half a century, but it has come back with a vengeance in recent years, with nearly 23,000 cases reported in spring of 2014 alone. The vast majority of the country is still labeled as a malaria transmission area by the CDC today, despite efforts to reduce the mosquito populations. New tire recycling efforts in Venezuela will help to bring the mosquito populations down further and eliminate the threat of these viruses. Sharing the Solution The global nature of the scrap tire problem is why it’s so critical for companies like Eco Green to take their high-powered shredding machinery into the worldwide market and act as leaders in the tire recycling industry. Which is exactly what Eco Green has been doing since 2008, when we first started working with Latin American companies. Now, instead of being leaders in the awful race towards having the biggest, most dangerous tire stockpile, developed countries can use the crumb rubber coming out of ECO Crumblers to pave the way towards legitimate green solutions. That doesn’t mean it’s easy. Doing business across borders can be delicate and challenging even in times of economic growth and prosperity. During periods of unrest, many companies prefer to retreat to comfortable home territory and not risk losing profit or getting tangled up in international politics. Eco Green Equipment is not one of those companies. Why Venezuela? Latin America is home to some of Eco Green’s oldest international customers, and that includes Venezuela, where we’re still going strong in spite of the economic upheaval caused by falling oil prices and the conflict surrounding the Maduro regime. Several big-name US companies, such as Bridgestone, General Mills, Ford Motor Co., General Motors, Kimberly-Clark, and Procter & Gamble have all scaled back their operations in Venezuela because of the political and economic instability, hyperinflation, and the tendency of the socialist government to seize their local facilities and assets. However, Eco Green hasn’t been conducting its business with Venezuela in the same way. These companies had factories and plants in the country, and this level of investment is a large part of what made them vulnerable. Eco Green does not maintain operations in Venezuela, it merely sells tire shredding equipment to Venezuelan companies. One such company we’d like to focus on is Eco Transformadora de Gomas. Eco Transformadora de Gomas With seven of its cities ranking 49th, 34th, 24th, 20th, 7th, 5th, and 1st on a list of the world’s most dangerous cities, Venezuela is certainly a scary place to be overall, but the city of Turmero and the neighboring state capital Maracay are nowhere on that list. Turmero is home to Transformadora de Gomas and their booming tire recycling plant. This Venezuelan company’s stated purpose is to collect, recycle, and transform out-of-use tires. They encourage other entrepreneurs to encourage waste recycling across their country, and they have a vision to “develop a model of social contribution through the installation of a tire recycling plant in Aragua state.” Furthermore, they want to see the recycled tires all the way to their new destination, whether that be playground equipment and surface, turf for sports fields, floor slabs, or a number of other applications. Transformadora de Gomas is not a new customer. Almost three years ago, they purchased an ECO Crumbler Granulator, and they’ve been adding to their operation ever since. They now own a complete lineup of Eco Green’s machines, including the ECO Krumbuster® System, an ECO Green Giant, and a second ECO Crumbler Granulator. They are able to process used car and truck tires at an average rate of 750 per hour. Until halfway through 2016 when a mining company opened one in Colombia, there wasn’t a large-scale tire recycling operation anywhere in South America. With the tire shredding equipment bought from Eco Green, Transformadora de Gomas has added another plant to the map, one that our own CEO, Brad Swenson, acknowledges as “one of the best tire recycling facilities [he’s] been in.” He anticipates doing further business with Transformadora de Gomas as demand for shredded tires and crumb rubber continues to grow. Eurek Adrian, owner of the Venezuelan company, feels equally satisfied with what Eco Green’s equipment has allowed and will allow him to achieve. In their capable hands, our machines will be able to grind all the hazards posed by scrap tires to literal crumbs. In such desperate economic times, the metal and rubber produced by shredding tires will prove vital to essential industries such as road paving, roofing, and automobile production. The tire recycling plant won’t just recycle tires; it will play a role in stimulating Venezuela’s economy. Join the Fight If you or your company, like Transformadora de Gomas, are ready to join in the worldwide fight to turn dangerous, mosquito-infested mountains of scrap tires into usable materials, then contact our experts to learn more about how Eco Green can help you make it happen. It’s never too late to start making the world a better, safer, and greener place. Most popular related searches tire recycling industry tire recycling tire rubber recycling tire shredding equipment tire recycling equipment recycling rubber from tire recycled rubber tire used tire processing chemical recycling equipment scrap tire recycling equipment Related articles Tire Shredding: Alternatives to Landfills May 20, 2017 For many reasons, whole tires pose a major problem to landfills. The most obvious is the inefficient use of space. The actual rubber of a tire takes up only a small fraction of the space a tire occupies, and the rest of the space is wasted. A less obvious but far more serious problem is that tires may trap methane gasses when buried with other garbage in landfills. When this happens, the tires can float like balloons to the surface, sometimes rupturing the protective liners that keep contaminants from polluting... Invention of the Tire Shredder May 10, 2017 The process of vulcanizing rubber was discovered by Charles Goodyear (yes, you read that right) in 1839, and the development of rubber tires followed not long after (Source: Continental Truck). From there, it didn’t take long for worn-out tires to start piling up, and finding good ways to recycle them has been a pressing concern for over a century, though initially it was because rubber was so expensive that throwing it away was like throwing away silver. As soon as synthetic rubber hit the market a few... What Happens When We Don’t Recycle Tires Apr. 21, 2017 By the end of 2015, only 11% of scrap tires produced in the US were going to landfills. 11% might sound small, but that’s still 460 thousand tons of tires going to waste (Source: Rubber Manufacturers Association). The costs of not recycling tires are great and come in a variety of unpleasant rubbery flavors. It’s such a serious issue, in fact, that many states have passed regulations on proper tire disposal, but a significant amount of illegal dumping and improper storage still occurs, which means... Tire Shredders: An Introduction Feb. 23, 2017 How Does a Tire Shredding Machine Work? Tire shredding is a very common way of preparing scrap tires for disposal or recycle. In order to dispose of tires in a landfill, they must be shredded to various sized chips. The size required depends on the state or area you live in. Tire shredding is also used for recycling tires; crumb tire or tire mulch can be reused to create surfaces on playgrounds, athletics tracks, roads, and more. Many companies are investing in their own tire shredding systems. These companies... Tire Shredding: The Best Alternative Feb. 9, 2017 From cars and trucks to planes, tractors, and forklifts, tires are used for a wide variety of vehicles. And those tires don’t last forever. Regardless of how many miles a tire travels, it should not be used longer than ten years past its manufacture date, as the rubber will grow brittle and can crack. This isn’t usually a problem, though, since most tires are replaced within three or four years. In fact, Americans generate nearly 285 million scrap tires per year. So, where do all those old tires... Customer comments No comments were found for International Tire Recycling Spotlight: Venezuela. Be the first to comment! Add your comment Publish your comment Great! comment successfully added! Contact supplier Contact supplier Your message: Your email Your name Your last name I would like to receive periodic email updates and special offers from select suppliers. Yes, please match my request to similar suppliers using XPRT Sourcing. Send Message Cancel and close By continuing you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy of this website. Back to top About Environmental XPRT Environmental XPRT is a global environmental industry marketplace and information resource. Online product catalogs, news, articles, events, publications & more. Channels Air & Climate Energy & Renewables Environmental Management Health & Safety Monitoring & Testing Soil & Groundwater Waste & Recycling Water & Wastewater Solutions Environmental Industry Products Environmental Industry Software Environmental Industry Training Environmental Industry Services Environmental Industry Applications Latest Environmental Industry News Environmental Industry Events Publications Environmental Industry Articles Environmental Industry Books Environmental Industry Magazines Environmental Industry Downloads Environmental Industry Videos Companies Environmental Industry Companies FAQs Company sitemap Category sitemap Environmental XPRT is part of XPRT Media All Rights Reserved. Terms Privacy Our sites: XPRT Media Agriculture XPRT
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Dental Floss Market 2017 Trend, Analysis and Forecast to 2021 ReportsWeb.com published Dental Floss Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, May 31, 2017 ) About Dental Floss Dental floss is essentially a thread, which removes food trapped between teeth and removes the film of bacteria that forms there before it has a chance to harden into plaque. Toothbrush bristles alone cannot clean effectively between these tight spaces and hence, the need for dental floss arises. Publisher's analysts forecast the global dental floss market to grow at a CAGR of 5.02% during the period 2017-2021. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-dental-floss-market-2017-2021 . Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global dental floss market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from retail sales of dental floss products sold to consumers across various regions. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: - Americas - APAC - EMEA Publisher's report, Global Dental Floss Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors - Procter & Gamble - Colgate-Palmolive - Johnson & Johnson - Sunstar Suisse Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001723487/sample . Other prominent vendors - Dr. Fresh - DenTek - Lion Corporation - water pik Market driver - Changing marketing strategy - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge - Lack of access to proper dental care - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend - Emerging consumerism - For a full, detailed list, view our report Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001723487/buying . Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Top 6 Red Cross Preparedness Tips to Stay Safe this Hurricane Season WASHINGTON, May 31, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ — Hurricane season starts June 1 and forecasters are predicting a 45 percent chance of an above-normal Atlantic hurricane season this year, threatening both coastal and inland residents between now and the end of November. To help families stay safe, the American Red Cross is issuing the top six hurricane preparedness tips should a hurricane or tropical storm head for your community. Here are the top six things you should do now to be ready for Hurricane Season 2017: Talk with household members and create an evacuation plan. Be prepared to evacuate quickly and evacuate if told to do so. Build an emergency kit with a gallon of water per person, per day, non-perishable food, a flashlight, battery-powered radio, first aid kit, medications, supplies for an infant if applicable, a multi-purpose tool, personal hygiene items, copies of important papers, cell phone chargers, extra cash, blankets, maps of the area, and emergency contact information. Get access to NOAA radio broadcasts. Purchase a battery-powered or hand-crank NOAA weather radio in the Red Cross Store. Protect windows with permanent storm shutters or invest in one-half inch marine plywood that is pre-cut to fit your doors and windows. Identify a place to store lawn furniture, toys, gardening tools and trash cans (away from stairs and exits) to prevent them from being moved by high winds and possibly hurting someone. Be informed. Learn about your community’s hurricane response plan. Plan routes to local shelters, register family members with special medical needs as required and make plans for pets. If travel is in your plans, learn about how emergency situations are communicated at your destination. Download the free Red Cross Emergency App for expert guidance on what to do before, during and after hurricanes as well as 34 other types of emergencies. All Red Cross apps can be found in smartphone app stores by searching for American Red Cross or by going to redcross.org/apps. If someone already has a disaster kit, now is the time make sure the food and water is still okay to consume and that copies of important documents are up to date. If an emergency plan already exists for the household, family members should talk about it again so everyone knows what to do and where to go if an emergency occurs. Visit here for full information about what to do before, during and after a hurricane CORPORATIONS HELP The generous donations from members of the Red Cross Annual Disaster Giving Program (ADGP) and the Disaster Responder Program enable the American Red Cross to prepare communities for disasters big and small, respond whenever and wherever disasters occur and help families during the recovery process. ADGP $1 Million members are: American Airlines; Anheuser-Busch Foundation; Anthem Foundation; Bank of America; Caterpillar Foundation; Costco Wholesale; Delta Air Lines; Disney; Enterprise Rent-A-Car Foundation; FedEx; General Motors Foundation; Grainger; The Home Depot Foundation; LDS Charities; Lowe’s Companies, Inc.; Mazda North American Operations; Microsoft; Nationwide Foundation; State Farm; Target; UPS; VSP Global; Walmart and the Walmart Foundation; and The Wawa Foundation. ADGP $500,000 members are: 3M; Altria Group; American Express; Aon; Boise Paper; Capital One; Cisco Foundation; Citi Foundation; Darden Restaurants, Inc. Foundation; Discover; Edison International; Farmers Insurance; Ford Motor Company; Humble Bundle; John Deere Foundation; Johnson Controls; McDonald’s Corporation; Medtronic Foundation; Meijer; Merck Foundation; Mondelēz International Foundation; PepsiCo Foundation; Procter & Gamble Company; Reynolds American Foundation; Ryder; Southwest Airlines; Sunoco; TD Ameritrade; The TJX Companies, Inc.; United Airlines; and Wells Fargo. Disaster Responder Program members are: Adobe; Alcoa; Astellas USA Foundation; AT&T; AvalonBay Communities, Inc.; AXA; The Ball Foundation; BNY Mellon; CarMax; The Clorox Company; Cox Automotive; DTE Energy Foundation; Duke Energy; Entergy Corporation; Harbor Freight Tools; Hewlett Packard Enterprise Foundation; Hi-Rez Studios; HP Foundation; IBM Corporation; IHG Foundation; Ingersoll Rand Foundation; Land O’Lakes, Inc.; Mastercard; Morgan Stanley; Neiman Marcus Group; New Balance Foundation; Northrop Grumman Corporation; Northwestern Mutual and the Northwestern Mutual Foundation; Prudential Foundation; PuroClean Disaster Recovery; SC Johnson; SERVPRO; Southeastern Grocers Home of BI-LO Harveys Winn Dixie; T O Y O T A; U-Haul International; United Technologies Corporation; The USAA Foundation; U.S. Bank; and Visa. About the American Red Cross: The American Red Cross shelters, feeds and provides emotional support to victims of disasters; supplies about 40 percent of the nation’s blood; teaches skills that save lives; provides international humanitarian aid; and supports military members and their families. The Red Cross is a not-for-profit organization that depends on volunteers and the generosity of the American public to perform its mission. For more information, please visit redcross.org or cruzrojaamericana.org, or visit us on Twitter at @RedCross. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/top-6-red-cross-preparedness-tips-to-stay-safe-this-hurricane-season-300466171.html SOURCE American Red Cross Related Links http://www.redcross.org CategoriesUncategorized TagsNot For Profit, Public Safety Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Tech Data Wins VMware Global Distributor 2016 Global Partner Innovation Award Next PostNext VTech® Earns More than 15 Industry Awards for New Spring Toys Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Razor Blade 2017 Market Analysis by Top Manufacturers with Sales, Price, Revenue and Growth, Forecast 2022 Wiseguyreports.Com Publish New Report On-“Razor Blade 2017 Market Analysis by Top Manufacturers with Sales, Price, Revenue and Growth, Forecast 2022”. PUNE, INDIA, May 31, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Razor Blade Market 2017 A razor blade is a blade used in a razor, typically a flat piece of metal with a sharp edge or edges used in a safety razor which is used to remove unwanted hair from the face or body. Scope of the Report: This report focuses on the Razor Blade in Global market, especially in North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa. This report categorizes the market based on manufacturers, regions, type and application. Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1320227-global-razor-blade-market-by-manufacturers-countries-type-and-application-forecast Market Segment by Manufacturers, this report covers Gillette(P&G) Edgewell Personal Care BIC Laser Razor Blades Lord DORCO Supermax Harry’s (Feintechnik) FEATHER Benxi Jincheng Kaili Razor Ningbo Jiali Liyu Razor Shanghai Cloud Yingjili Market Segment by Regions, regional analysis covers North America (USA, Canada and Mexico) Europe (Germany, France, UK, Russia and Italy) Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India and Southeast Asia) South America (Brazil, Argentina, Columbia etc.) Middle East and Africa (Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt, Nigeria and South Africa) Market Segment by Type, covers Double Edge Razor Blades Single Edge Razor Blades Market Segment by Applications, can be divided into Men’s razors Women’s razor Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1320227-global-razor-blade-market-by-manufacturers-countries-type-and-application-forecast Table of Contents 1 Market Overview 1.1 Razor Blade Introduction 1.2 Market Analysis by Type 1.2.1 Double Edge Razor Blades 1.2.2 Single Edge Razor Blades 1.3 Market Analysis by Applications 1.3.1 Men’s razors 1.3.2 Women’s razor 1.4 Market Analysis by Regions 1.4.1 North America (USA, Canada and Mexico) 1.4.1.1 USA Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.1.2 Canada Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.1.3 Mexico Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.2 Europe (Germany, France, UK, Russia and Italy) 1.4.2.1 Germany Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.2.2 France Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.2.3 UK Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.2.4 Russia Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.2.5 Italy Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India and Southeast Asia) 1.4.3.1 China Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.3.2 Japan Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.3.3 Korea Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.3.4 India Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.3.5 Southeast Asia Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.4 South America, Middle East and Africa 1.4.4.1 Brazil Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.4.2 Egypt Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.4.3 Saudi Arabia Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.4.4 South Africa Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.4.4.5 Nigeria Market States and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5 Market Dynamics 1.5.1 Market Opportunities 1.5.2 Market Risk 1.5.3 Market Driving Force 2 Manufacturers Profiles 2.1 Gillette(P&G) 2.1.1 Business Overview 2.1.2 Razor Blade Type and Applications 2.1.2.1 Type 1 2.1.2.2 Type 2 2.1.3 Gillette(P&G) Razor Blade Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share (2016-2017) 2.2 Edgewell Personal Care 2.2.1 Business Overview 2.2.2 Razor Blade Type and Applications 2.2.2.1 Type 1 2.2.2.2 Type 2 2.2.3 Edgewell Personal Care Razor Blade Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share (2016-2017) 2.3 BIC 2.3.1 Business Overview 2.3.2 Razor Blade Type and Applications 2.3.2.1 Type 1 2.3.2.2 Type 2 2.3.3 BIC Razor Blade Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share (2016-2017) 2.4 Laser Razor Blades 2.4.1 Business Overview 2.4.2 Razor Blade Type and Applications 2.4.2.1 Type 1 2.4.2.2 Type 2 2.4.3 Laser Razor Blades Razor Blade Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share (2016-2017) 2.5 Lord 2.5.1 Business Overview 2.5.2 Razor Blade Type and Applications 2.5.2.1 Type 1 2.5.2.2 Type 2 …………. 3 Global Razor Blade Market Competition, by Manufacturer 3.1 Global Razor Blade Sales and Market Share by Manufacturer 3.2 Global Razor Blade Revenue and Market Share by Manufacturer 3.3 Market Concentration Rate 3.3.1 Top 3 Razor Blade Manufacturer Market Share 3.3.2 Top 6 Razor Blade Manufacturer Market Share 3.4 Market Competition Trend ..…..Continued Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1320227 Norah Trent wiseguyreports +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious United States High Voltage DC Converter Station Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Next PostNext Dėl AB „Amber Grid“ neeilinio visuotinio akcininkų susirinkimo priimtų sprendimų Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
06052017Headline: United States Outdoor Surveillance Cameras Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast to 2017: Acute Market Reports 3 days ago EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) Gesture Recognition for Consumer Electronic Devices Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast to 2017: Acute Market Reports 3 days ago Asia-Pacific Trigger Sprayers Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast to 2017: Acute Market Reports 3 days ago Global n-Heptane (CAS 142-82-5) Sales Market Dynamics, Forecast, Analysis and Supply Demand 2017-Acute Market Reports 3 days ago Pentaethylenehexamine (PEHA) Sales Market Dynamics, Forecast, Analysis and Supply Demand 2017-Acute Market Reports 3 days ago Flicks and Bits Flicks and Bits About Us Privacy Policy rss Film Interview Music Business Technology & Media Health Care Food & Beverages Consumer Goods Home Business Credence Research: Industry Analysis Report for Hand Sanitizers Market 2017 Credence Research: Industry Analysis Report for Hand Sanitizers Market 2017 May 31, 2017 | by Satyamspot | According to a new market report published by Credence Research “Global Hand Sanitizers Market Growth, Future Prospects and Competitive Analysis, 2017 – 2025,” the global hand sanitizers market is expected to reach over US$ 2,900 Mn by 2025, expanding at a CAGR of 12.9% from 2017 to 2025. Browse the full Global Hand Sanitizers Market- Market Growth, Future Prospects and Competitive Analysis, 2017 – 2025 report at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/hand-sanitizer-market Market Insights On the basis of product type, the global hand sanitizer market is segmented into gel, foam, spray, liquid, others (sanitizing hand wipes, etc.). Among these, gel segment accounted for the largest segment by value and accounted for more than 35% share of the global market in 2016. Based on end use, the hand sanitizer market is categorized into hospitals, hotels and restaurants, household purpose and others (corporates, schools etc.). In 2016, hospital segment accounted for largest segment for hand sanitizers as hand sanitizers are used by physicians, patients and also the staff and visitors to prevent the spreading of contagious diseases. The hand sanitizer market can be segmented based on sales channel as, department stores, supermarkets and hyper markets, convenience stores, e-tailers and retail pharmacy stores. The supermarket and hypermarket segment accounted for the largest revenue share in the global hand sanitizers market by sale channel in 2016. Owing to shifting trends towards modern retailing by end users. For the purpose of this study, the global hand sanitizer market is categorized into regional markets viz., North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and Latin America and Middle East and Africa. In base year 2016, North America was observed as the largest market for hand sanitizers followed by Europe and Asia Pacific. Asia Pacific is expected to achieve highest growth rate compared to other regions due to presence of countries such as China, India and Japan are observing significant industrial growth. Furthermore, the companies are focusing on expanding their business network, across regional markets. They are strengthening their market penetration by offering wide product range in the hand sanitizer segment. Due to relatively short lifetime of hand sanitizers, the need for new sanitizers is more. 3M Company, Chattem, Inc., Procter & Gamble (P&G) Company, Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc., Unilever Plc., GOJO Industries, Inc., Bath & Body Works, LLC., Best Sanitizers, Inc., Deb Group Ltd., Henkel Group, Kimberly-Clark Corporation., Medline Industries, Inc., Dial Corporation., etc. are few key manufacturers in global hand sanitizer market. Key Trends: – Product differentiation in terms of formulations and aesthetic bottle design: Key business strategy – Focus on developing skin-safe hand sanitizer gels – Growing application base (institutions, military, supermarkets, offices) – The campaigns and promotional efforts have positioned hand sanitizer gels as first line preventive measure against infection – Heightened fear of contamination experienced during recent viral epidemics driving demand for hand sanitizer gels Request Sample: http://www.credenceresearch.com/sample-request/58480 About: Credence Research is a worldwide market research and counseling firm that serves driving organizations, governments, non-legislative associations, and not-for-benefits. We offer our customers some assistance with making enduring enhancements to their execution and understand their most imperative objectives. Over almost a century, we’ve manufactured a firm extraordinarily prepared to this task. Media Contact Name: Chris Smith Address: 105 N 1st ST #429, SAN JOSE, CA 95103 US E-mail: sales@credenceresearch.com Ph: 1-800-361-8290 Web: http://www.credenceresearch.com Filed in: Business Share this post Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email Recommended for You United States Outdoor Surveillance Cameras Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast to 2017: Acute Market Reports EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) Gesture Recognition for Consumer Electronic Devices Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast to 2017: Acute Market Reports Asia-Pacific Trigger Sprayers Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast to 2017: Acute Market Reports Global n-Heptane (CAS 142-82-5) Sales Market Dynamics, Forecast, Analysis and Supply Demand 2017-Acute Market Reports Popular Posts New Batmobile & A Stormtrooper Highlighted In Latest ‘Batman V Superman’/’Star Wars’ Crossover Image From Zack Snyder Chilling First TV Spot For ‘Annabelle’ (‘The Conjuring’ Spinoff) “Brothers Under The Gun” Featurette For ‘Fury’ – Starring Brad Pitt, Logan Lerman, Shia LaBeouf, Michael Pena… “Locations” Behind-The-Scenes Video For ‘Exodus: Gods And Kings’ – Starring Christian Bale, Joel Edgerton, Aaron Paul… Trailer For The Assassin-Thriller ‘John Wick’ – Starring Keanu Reeves, Willem Dafoe, Ian McShane, Adrianne Palicki…. Recent Posts United States Outdoor Surveillance Cameras Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast to 2017: Acute Market Reports EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) Gesture Recognition for Consumer Electronic Devices Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast to 2017: Acute Market Reports Asia-Pacific Trigger Sprayers Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast to 2017: Acute Market Reports Global n-Heptane (CAS 142-82-5) Sales Market Dynamics, Forecast, Analysis and Supply Demand 2017-Acute Market Reports Pentaethylenehexamine (PEHA) Sales Market Dynamics, Forecast, Analysis and Supply Demand 2017-Acute Market Reports © 2017 Flicks and Bits. All rights reserved. Mobile Computing Today TampaBayReview
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by DecisionDatabases Dog Food Market | Trend, Growth & Forecast Research Report 2014-2021 The new research report on Dog Food Market offered by DecisionDatabases.com provides Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast Till 2021. Dog food is defined as the food specifically designed for consumption by dogs to meet their nutritional requirements. Dogs have sharp, pointed teeth, and their digestive system is adapted for the consumption of meat. Hence, most of the dog foods are made of up animal grade ingredients. In addition, these dog foods are available in wide product ranges such as premium, economy and mid-range products to suit the buyer’s capacity to spend on their pets. The major drivers for fueling the demand of dog food are urbanization, increasing trend of nuclear families and increasing population of dogs as pets and humanization of street dogs. The rise in the purchasing power of the urban youths has also contributed to the growth in this sector. The growing trend of nuclear families has influenced people to have dogs at pets in their homes and societies. Owing to their lifestyles which is very hectic, they opt for readymade dog food to fulfill the nutritional requirements of their dogs. The increasing awareness regarding pet health and pet humanization has also influenced buying decisions and advanced the growth of the dog food market. Get FREE Sample Report Copy With FULL Segmentations and TOC @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/download-sample-639 The comprehensive value chain analysis of the market will assist in attaining better product differentiation, along with detailed understanding of the core competency of each activity involved. The market attractiveness analysis provided in the report aptly measures the potential value of the market providing business strategists with the latest growth opportunities. The report also covers the complete competitive landscape of the worldwide market with company profiles of key players such as Big Heart Pet Brands, Blue Buffalo Co Ltd., Colgate-Palmolive, Effem México SA de CV, Fressnapf Tiernahrungs GmbH, MaltaCleyton SA de CV, Mars, MPM Products Ltd., Nestlé Purina PetCare Co., Procter & Gamble, Vitakraft-Werke Wührmann & Sohn GmbH & Co KG and others. The report classifies the market into different segments based on Products. These segments are studied in detail incorporating the market estimates and forecasts at regional and country level. The segment analysis is useful in understanding the growth areas and probable opportunities of the market. Geographically, the Dog Food market has been segmented into regions such as North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, Middle East & Africa. The study details country-level aspects based on each segment and gives estimates in terms of market size. Major Table Of Contents: Introduction Executive Summary Market Analysis Dog Food Market Analysis By Products Dog Food Market Analysis By Geography Competitive Landscape Of The Dog Food Companies Company Profiles Of The Dog Food Industry Purchase Complete Global Dog Food Market Research Report At: http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/buy-now-639 About Us: DecisionDatabases.com is a global business research reports provider, enriching decision makers and strategists with qualitative statistics. DecisionDatabases.com is proficient in providing syndicated research report, customized research reports, company profiles and industry databases across multiple domains. Our expert research analysts have been trained to map client’s research requirements to the correct research resource leading to a distinctive edge over its competitors. We provide intellectual, precise and meaningful data at a lightning speed. For more details: DecisionDatabases.com E-Mail: sales@decisiondatabases.com Phone: +91 99 28 237112 Web: www.decisiondatabases.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews Tagsdog food, dog food industry, Dog Food Industry Outlook, Dog Food Industry Report, Dog Food market, Dog Food Market Analysis, Dog Food Market Growth, Dog Food Market Report, Dog Food Market Share, Dog Food Market Size, Global Dog Food Market Report Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Memex Inc. to Present at the 7th Annual LD Micro Invitational Next PostNext Pediatric Healthcare Market Size, Status, Share and Technology Forecast to 2021 Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by DecisionDatabases Dog Food Market | Trend, Growth & Forecast Research Report 2014-2021 The new research report on Dog Food Market offered by DecisionDatabases.com provides Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast Till 2021. Dog food is defined as the food specifically designed for consumption by dogs to meet their nutritional requirements. Dogs have sharp, pointed teeth, and their digestive system is adapted for the consumption of meat. Hence, most of the dog foods are made of up animal grade ingredients. In addition, these dog foods are available in wide product ranges such as premium, economy and mid-range products to suit the buyer’s capacity to spend on their pets. The major drivers for fueling the demand of dog food are urbanization, increasing trend of nuclear families and increasing population of dogs as pets and humanization of street dogs. The rise in the purchasing power of the urban youths has also contributed to the growth in this sector. The growing trend of nuclear families has influenced people to have dogs at pets in their homes and societies. Owing to their lifestyles which is very hectic, they opt for readymade dog food to fulfill the nutritional requirements of their dogs. The increasing awareness regarding pet health and pet humanization has also influenced buying decisions and advanced the growth of the dog food market. Get FREE Sample Report Copy With FULL Segmentations and TOC @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/download-sample-639 The comprehensive value chain analysis of the market will assist in attaining better product differentiation, along with detailed understanding of the core competency of each activity involved. The market attractiveness analysis provided in the report aptly measures the potential value of the market providing business strategists with the latest growth opportunities. The report also covers the complete competitive landscape of the worldwide market with company profiles of key players such as Big Heart Pet Brands, Blue Buffalo Co Ltd., Colgate-Palmolive, Effem México SA de CV, Fressnapf Tiernahrungs GmbH, MaltaCleyton SA de CV, Mars, MPM Products Ltd., Nestlé Purina PetCare Co., Procter & Gamble, Vitakraft-Werke Wührmann & Sohn GmbH & Co KG and others. The report classifies the market into different segments based on Products. These segments are studied in detail incorporating the market estimates and forecasts at regional and country level. The segment analysis is useful in understanding the growth areas and probable opportunities of the market. Geographically, the Dog Food market has been segmented into regions such as North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, Middle East & Africa. The study details country-level aspects based on each segment and gives estimates in terms of market size. Major Table Of Contents: Introduction Executive Summary Market Analysis Dog Food Market Analysis By Products Dog Food Market Analysis By Geography Competitive Landscape Of The Dog Food Companies Company Profiles Of The Dog Food Industry Purchase Complete Global Dog Food Market Research Report At: http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/buy-now-639 About Us: DecisionDatabases.com is a global business research reports provider, enriching decision makers and strategists with qualitative statistics. DecisionDatabases.com is proficient in providing syndicated research report, customized research reports, company profiles and industry databases across multiple domains. Our expert research analysts have been trained to map client’s research requirements to the correct research resource leading to a distinctive edge over its competitors. We provide intellectual, precise and meaningful data at a lightning speed. For more details: DecisionDatabases.com E-Mail: sales@decisiondatabases.com Phone: +91 99 28 237112 Web: www.decisiondatabases.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews Tagsdog food, dog food industry, Dog Food Industry Outlook, Dog Food Industry Report, Dog Food market, Dog Food Market Analysis, Dog Food Market Growth, Dog Food Market Report, Dog Food Market Share, Dog Food Market Size, Global Dog Food Market Report Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Memex Inc. to Present at the 7th Annual LD Micro Invitational Next PostNext Pediatric Healthcare Market Size, Status, Share and Technology Forecast to 2021 Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Amit Pawar Textile Reactive Softeners Market Outlook Supply, Growth Rate By Application (2017-2022) And Manufacturers Profiles The Textile Reactive Softeners Market report covers detailed competitive outlook including the market share and company profiles of the key participants operating in the market. In this report, the Textile Reactive Softeners market value in 2016 and expected value to by the end of 2022 and growth rate between 2016 and 2022 is mentioned. Worldwide Textile Reactive Softeners Market 2022, presents critical information and factual data about the Textile Reactive Softeners market, providing an overall statistical study of the Textile Reactive Softeners market on the basis of market drivers, Textile Reactive Softeners Market limitations, and its future prospects. The prevalent Textile Reactive Softeners trends and opportunities are also taken into consideration in Textile Reactive Softeners industry study. Textile Reactive Softeners Market 2022 report has Forecasted Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) in % value for particular period for Textile Reactive Softeners market, that will help user to take decision based on futuristic chart. Report also includes key players in Textile Reactive Softeners market. The market size is estimated in terms of revenue (US$) and production volume in this report. Request Sample Copy of Textile Reactive Softeners Market Report Here: http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-sample/10779386 The Top Companies Report is intended to provide our buyers with a snapshot of the industry’s most influential players. Top Key Players in the Textile Reactive Softeners Market Report are report are Procter & Gamble, Colgate-Palmolive Company, Hindustan Unilever Limited, Henkel AG & Co. KGaA, Reckitt Benckiser Group plc, Wacker Chemie, Momentive, Church & Dwight Co., Inc, Lion Corporation and others. The research report gives an overview of Textile Reactive Softeners industry on by analysing various key segments of this market based on the product types, application, and end-use industries, Textile Reactive Softeners market scenario. The regional distribution of the market is across the globe are considered for this Textile Reactive Softeners industry analysis, the result of which is utilized to estimate the performance of the market over the period from 2015 to forecasted year. By Product Analysis the Market is Segmented into Cationic Softeners, Anionic Softeners, Non-ionic Softeners and by End Users/Applications Analysis the Market is Segmented into Polyester Fabrics, Cotton Fabrics, Woolen Fabrics Have any Query Regarding the Textile Reactive Softeners Sales Market Report? Contact us at: http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10779386 By Regional Analysis the Textile Reactive Softeners Market is Segmented into North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India. All aspects of the Textile Reactive Softeners industry are quantitatively as well as qualitatively assessed to study the global as well as regional Textile Reactive Softeners market comparatively. The basic information such as the definition of the market, prevalent Textile Reactive Softeners industry chain, and the government regulations pertaining to the market are also discussed in the report. The product range of the Textile Reactive Softeners market is examined on the basis of their production chain, Textile Reactive Softeners pricing of products, and the profit generated by them. No. of pages: 102 Get the Full Textile Reactive Softeners Market Report for $ 2900 (Single User Licence) at: http://www.absolutereports.com/purchase/10779386 CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Aloha Browser integra reproductor de RV nativo Next PostNext Borosilicate Glass Tubes Market Analysis By Regions, Revenue, Import/ Export, Cost, Price, Production & Size 2022 Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Market Focus on Digital Dental Technologies in Dental Adhesives Market 2017-2021 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 05/31/2017 — About Dental Adhesives: Dental adhesives are type of glues which are used for attachment of dental crowns and dentures. It helps in dental restoration, minimizes dental sensitivity, reduces the chances of infection, and provides stability between the tooth and gum. Technavios analysts forecast the global dental adhesives market to grow at a CAGR of 5.96% during the period 2017-2021. View Report @ http://www.marketresearchreports.biz/analysis/1107511 Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global dental adhesives market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers revenue generated from the sales of various types of adhesives products such as resin, dental adhesive cream, and dental adhesive strips. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: Americas APAC EMEA Technavio’s report, Global Dental Adhesives Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors Dentsply Sirona GSK 3M Ultradent Products Get Sample Copy Of this Report @ http://www.marketresearchreports.biz/sample/sample/1107511 Other prominent vendors BISCO Dental Speed Graph DETAX Ettlingen Dental Tech Esschem Europe GC Corporation GluStitch Harvard Dental Heraeus Kulzer Ivoclar Vivadent JJ Orthodontics Kerr Kuraray America Medicept PDT Prime Dental Manufacturing Procter & Gamble Queisser Pharma SDI Limited SEABOND Septodont Sino-dentex Wuhe Greenland Biotech YAMAHACHI DENTAL Market driver Increasing number of patient pool for dental procedures For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge Migration of oral health professionals For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend Focus on digital dental technologies in dental shows For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? What are the key market trends? What is driving this market? What are the challenges to market growth? Who are the key vendors in this market space? What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? You can request one free hour of our analysts time when you purchase this market report. Details are provided within the report. About MarketResearchReports.biz MarketResearchReports.biz is the most comprehensive collection of market research reports. MarketResearchReports.Biz services are specially designed to save time and money for our clients. We are a one stop solution for all your research needs, our main offerings are syndicated research reports, custom research, subscription access and consulting services. We serve all sizes and types of companies spanning across various industries. Contact Mr. Nachiket State Tower 90 Sate Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-621-2074 Website: http://www.marketresearchreports.biz/ E: sales@marketresearchreports.biz CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious MS Resin (SMMA) Market Analysis, Guidelines Overview and Upcoming Trends Forecast till 2022 Next PostNext LiceDoctors Lice Removal Service Featured in June 2017 Issue of Scientific American Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Global Market Focus on Digital Dental Technologies in Dental Adhesives Market 2017-2021 Global Market Focus on Digital Dental Technologies in Dental Adhesives Market 2017-2021 Posted on May 31, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. The Report Global Dental Adhesives Market 2017-2021 provides information on pricing, market analysis, shares, forecast, and company profiles for key industry participants. – MarketResearchReports.biz Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 05/31/2017 — About Dental Adhesives: Dental adhesives are type of glues which are used for attachment of dental crowns and dentures. It helps in dental restoration, minimizes dental sensitivity, reduces the chances of infection, and provides stability between the tooth and gum. Technavios analysts forecast the global dental adhesives market to grow at a CAGR of 5.96% during the period 2017-2021. View Report @ http://www.marketresearchreports.biz/analysis/1107511 Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global dental adhesives market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers revenue generated from the sales of various types of adhesives products such as resin, dental adhesive cream, and dental adhesive strips. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: Americas APAC EMEA Technavio's report, Global Dental Adhesives Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors Dentsply Sirona GSK 3M Ultradent Products Get Sample Copy Of this Report @ http://www.marketresearchreports.biz/sample/sample/1107511 Other prominent vendors BISCO Dental Speed Graph DETAX Ettlingen Dental Tech Esschem Europe GC Corporation GluStitch Harvard Dental Heraeus Kulzer Ivoclar Vivadent JJ Orthodontics Kerr Kuraray America Medicept PDT Prime Dental Manufacturing Procter & Gamble Queisser Pharma SDI Limited SEABOND Septodont Sino-dentex Wuhe Greenland Biotech YAMAHACHI DENTAL Market driver Increasing number of patient pool for dental procedures For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge Migration of oral health professionals For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend Focus on digital dental technologies in dental shows For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? What are the key market trends? What is driving this market? What are the challenges to market growth? Who are the key vendors in this market space? What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? You can request one free hour of our analysts time when you purchase this market report. Details are provided within the report. About MarketResearchReports.biz MarketResearchReports.biz is the most comprehensive collection of market research reports. MarketResearchReports.Biz services are specially designed to save time and money for our clients. We are a one stop solution for all your research needs, our main offerings are syndicated research reports, custom research, subscription access and consulting services. We serve all sizes and types of companies spanning across various industries. Contact Mr. Nachiket State Tower 90 Sate Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-621-2074 Website: http://www.marketresearchreports.biz/ E: sales@marketresearchreports.biz For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/dental-adhesives/release-813846.htm Media Relations Contact Mr. Nachiket Business Head marketresearchreports.biz Telephone: 1-518-621-2074 Email: Click to Email Mr. Nachiket Web: http://www.marketresearchreports.biz/ Latest News Global Fracking Chemicals and Fluid Industry Production, Sales Revenue and Opportunity 2017 to 2021 Global Nuclear Main Steam and Feed Water Isolation Valves Industry Production, Sales Revenue and Opportunity 2017 to 2021 Global Injectable Drug Delivery Devices Industry Production, Sales Revenue and Opportunity 2017 to 2021 Global Oil & Gas Drill Bits Industry Production, Sales Revenue and Opportunity 2017 to 2021 Global Planting Machinery Industry Production, Sales Revenue and Opportunity 2017 to 2021 Global Market Focus on Digital Dental Technologies in Dental Adhesives Market 2017-2021 Usage of Advanced Orthodontic Services Marketo Grow at a CAGR of 12.51% During the Period 2017-2021 Growing Need for Building-Integrated Photovoltaic Skylights Market to Grow at 10.16% CAGR to 2021 Global Artificial Intelligence (AI) Market in Agriculture Industryo Grow at a CAGR of 22.68% During the Period 2017-2021 Growing Preference for Telemedicine and M-Health Convergence Market Segment by Type Treatment, Service © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by DecisionDatabases Cat Food Market | Global Industry Research Report 2014-2021 Latest Release By DecisionDatabases The new research report on Cat Food Market offered by DecisionDatabases.com provides Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast Till 2021. Cat food is a nutritional meal aimed at its consumption for immunity and health. Nowadays, having cats as pets has become an important part of the modern lifestyle. The cat’s health is also a big concern for the cat owners. Cats require specific vitamins and amino acids for e.g. taurine which is found within meat gets degraded during processing, so synthetic taurine is added afterwards. Non-availability of such vitamins and minerals can result in retinal degeneration, loss of vision and cardiac damage. The presence of cat food can be seen in three forms: dry cat food, wet cat food and cat treats and mixtures. Dry cat food represents the premium product in the cat food segment. Wet cat food generally represents economy and mid-range segments in cat food market. Cat treats and mixture are the lately developed forms of cat food which have gained prominence in the market. Get FREE Sample Report Copy With FULL Segmentations and TOC @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/download-sample-368 The comprehensive value chain analysis of the market will assist in attaining better product differentiation, along with detailed understanding of the core competency of each activity involved. The market attractiveness analysis provided in the report aptly measures the potential value of the market providing business strategists with the latest growth opportunities. The report also covers the complete competitive landscape of the worldwide market with company profiles of key players such as Mars, Nestlé Purina PetCare Co., Procter & Gamble, Blue Buffalo Co. Ltd., MPM Products Ltd., Colgate-Palmolive, Big Heart Pet Brands, Effem México SA de CV, MaltaCleyton SA de CV, Fressnapf Tiernahrungs GmbH and Vitakraft-Werke Wührmann & Sohn GmbH & Co. KG. The report classifies the market into different segments based on Products. These segments are studied in detail incorporating the market estimates and forecasts at regional and country level. The segment analysis is useful in understanding the growth areas and probable opportunities of the market. Geographically, the Cat Food market has been segmented into regions such as North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, Middle East & Africa. The study details country-level aspects based on each segment and gives estimates in terms of market size. Major Table Of Contents: Introduction Executive Summary Market Analysis Cat Food Market Analysis By Product Cat Food Market Analysis By Region Competitive Landscape Of The Cat Food Companies Company Profiles Of The Cat Food Industry Purchase Complete Global Cat Food Market Research Report At: http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/buy-now-368 About Us: DecisionDatabases.com is a global business research reports provider, enriching decision makers and strategists with qualitative statistics. DecisionDatabases.com is proficient in providing syndicated research report, customized research reports, company profiles and industry databases across multiple domains. Our expert research analysts have been trained to map client’s research requirements to the correct research resource leading to a distinctive edge over its competitors. We provide intellectual, precise and meaningful data at a lightning speed. For more details: DecisionDatabases.com E-Mail: sales@decisiondatabases.com Phone: +91 99 28 237112 Web: www.decisiondatabases.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsCat Food, cat food industry, Cat Food Industry Outlook, Cat Food Industry Report, Cat Food Market, Cat Food Market Analysis, Cat Food Market Growth, Cat Food Market Report, Cat Food Market Share, Cat Food Market Size, Food, Global Cat Food Market Report Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Industrial Grease Market: Major Manufacturers, Growth Factors, Analysis & Forecast to 2021 Next PostNext Facsimile Machine Market Expected to Generate Largest Revenue from Industry Worldwide says Latest Report 2021 Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by DecisionDatabases Cat Food Market | Global Industry Research Report 2014-2021 Latest Release By DecisionDatabases The new research report on Cat Food Market offered by DecisionDatabases.com provides Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast Till 2021. Cat food is a nutritional meal aimed at its consumption for immunity and health. Nowadays, having cats as pets has become an important part of the modern lifestyle. The cat’s health is also a big concern for the cat owners. Cats require specific vitamins and amino acids for e.g. taurine which is found within meat gets degraded during processing, so synthetic taurine is added afterwards. Non-availability of such vitamins and minerals can result in retinal degeneration, loss of vision and cardiac damage. The presence of cat food can be seen in three forms: dry cat food, wet cat food and cat treats and mixtures. Dry cat food represents the premium product in the cat food segment. Wet cat food generally represents economy and mid-range segments in cat food market. Cat treats and mixture are the lately developed forms of cat food which have gained prominence in the market. Get FREE Sample Report Copy With FULL Segmentations and TOC @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/download-sample-368 The comprehensive value chain analysis of the market will assist in attaining better product differentiation, along with detailed understanding of the core competency of each activity involved. The market attractiveness analysis provided in the report aptly measures the potential value of the market providing business strategists with the latest growth opportunities. The report also covers the complete competitive landscape of the worldwide market with company profiles of key players such as Mars, Nestlé Purina PetCare Co., Procter & Gamble, Blue Buffalo Co. Ltd., MPM Products Ltd., Colgate-Palmolive, Big Heart Pet Brands, Effem México SA de CV, MaltaCleyton SA de CV, Fressnapf Tiernahrungs GmbH and Vitakraft-Werke Wührmann & Sohn GmbH & Co. KG. The report classifies the market into different segments based on Products. These segments are studied in detail incorporating the market estimates and forecasts at regional and country level. The segment analysis is useful in understanding the growth areas and probable opportunities of the market. Geographically, the Cat Food market has been segmented into regions such as North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, Middle East & Africa. The study details country-level aspects based on each segment and gives estimates in terms of market size. Major Table Of Contents: Introduction Executive Summary Market Analysis Cat Food Market Analysis By Product Cat Food Market Analysis By Region Competitive Landscape Of The Cat Food Companies Company Profiles Of The Cat Food Industry Purchase Complete Global Cat Food Market Research Report At: http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/buy-now-368 About Us: DecisionDatabases.com is a global business research reports provider, enriching decision makers and strategists with qualitative statistics. DecisionDatabases.com is proficient in providing syndicated research report, customized research reports, company profiles and industry databases across multiple domains. Our expert research analysts have been trained to map client’s research requirements to the correct research resource leading to a distinctive edge over its competitors. We provide intellectual, precise and meaningful data at a lightning speed. For more details: DecisionDatabases.com E-Mail: sales@decisiondatabases.com Phone: +91 99 28 237112 Web: www.decisiondatabases.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsCat Food, cat food industry, Cat Food Industry Outlook, Cat Food Industry Report, Cat Food Market, Cat Food Market Analysis, Cat Food Market Growth, Cat Food Market Report, Cat Food Market Share, Cat Food Market Size, Food, Global Cat Food Market Report Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Industrial Grease Market: Major Manufacturers, Growth Factors, Analysis & Forecast to 2021 Next PostNext Facsimile Machine Market Expected to Generate Largest Revenue from Industry Worldwide says Latest Report 2021 Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by DecisionDatabases Fatty Alcohol Market | Outlook Research Report 2014-2021 Release By DecisionDatabases DecisionDatabases.com offers Fatty Alcohol Market Research Report. This Report covers the complete Industry Outlook, Growth, Size, Share and Forecast Till 2021. Fatty alcohols are synthetically processed chemical compounds derived from plant and animal fats. Fatty alcohols are oily liquids also known as oleochemicals as they are derivatives of natural oil and fats like vegetable oils and waxes. Mostly, fatty alcohols are used in the production of surfactants and detergents due to their non-anionic nature. Fatty alcohols also find applications in various end user industries like cosmetics, food, personal care, printing and textile industry. Fatty alcohol is also derived from petrochemicals by chemically processing ethylene. Fatty alcohol is used as an emulsifier, thickeners, emollients and lubricating agent. These vital features and aspects of fatty alcohol increases it overall market value as a chemical product. Applications segment the global fatty alcohol market into personal care, amines, soaps & detergents, lubricants and others. Global fatty alcohol market is further classified by products into C6-C10 fatty alcohols, C11-C14 fatty alcohols and C15-C22 fatty alcohols. Get FREE Sample Report Copy With FULL Segmentations and TOC @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/download-sample-361 The comprehensive value chain analysis of the market will assist in attaining better product differentiation, along with detailed understanding of the core competency of each activity involved. The market attractiveness analysis provided in the report aptly measures the potential value of the market providing business strategists with the latest growth opportunities. The report also covers the complete competitive landscape of the worldwide market with company profiles of key players such as BASF SE, AkzoNobel, Wilmar International, Emery Oleochemicals, Evonik Industries, Ecogreen oleochemicals, Godrej Industries, Cargill, Eastman Chemical Company, Vegetable Vitamin Foods Company, P&G Chemicals, Croda Chemicals Company, MYRIANT, Alnor Oil Co, Inc. and Isosciences LLC. The report classifies the market into different segments based on Product and Application. These segments are studied in detail incorporating the market estimates and forecasts at regional and country level. The segment analysis is useful in understanding the growth areas and probable opportunities of the market. Geographically, the Fatty Alcohol market has been segmented into regions such as North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, Middle East & Africa. The study details country-level aspects based on each segment and gives estimates in terms of market size. Major Table Of Contents: Introduction Executive Summary Market Analysis Fatty Alcohol Market Analysis By Product Fatty Alcohol Market Analysis By Application Fatty Alcohol Market Analysis By Region Competitive Landscape Of The Fatty Alcohol Companies Company Profiles Of The Fatty Alcohol Industry Purchase Complete Global Fatty Alcohol Market Research Report At: http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/buy-now-361 About Us: DecisionDatabases.com is a global business research reports provider, enriching decision makers and strategists with qualitative statistics. DecisionDatabases.com is proficient in providing syndicated research report, customized research reports, company profiles and industry databases across multiple domains. Our expert research analysts have been trained to map client’s research requirements to the correct research resource leading to a distinctive edge over its competitors. We provide intellectual, precise and meaningful data at a lightning speed. For more details: DecisionDatabases.com E-Mail: sales@decisiondatabases.com Phone: +91 99 28 237112 Web: www.decisiondatabases.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsChemical and Advanced Materials, Chemicals, Fatty Alcohol, Fatty Alcohol industry, Fatty Alcohol Industry Outlook, Fatty Alcohol Industry Report, Fatty Alcohol Market, Fatty Alcohol Market Analysis, Fatty Alcohol Market Growth, Fatty Alcohol Market Report, Fatty Alcohol Market Share, Fatty Alcohol Market Size, Global Fatty Alcohol Market Report Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Aluminum Oxide Sales Market Revenue, Key Players, Supply-Demand, Investment Feasibility and Forecast 2022 Next PostNext Alkyl Amine Sales Market Revenue, Key Players, Supply-Demand, Investment Feasibility and Forecast 2022 Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Rahul Jadhav 2017-2022: Body Mist Industry and Global Market Expected to Grow with a Strong CAGR Orbis Research has announced the addition of the Global Body Mist Market by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis.​ Introduction Body Mist or Body spray is a perfume product, similar to aerosol deodorant, which is intended to be used elsewhere on the body besides the armpits. Body sprays are lighter in strength than cologne, generally less expensive, and double as deodorant. Scope of the Global Body Mist Market Report This report focuses on the Body Mist in Global market, especially in North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa. This report categorizes the market based on manufacturers, regions, type and application. Request a Sample of this Report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/305925 . This report covers Analysis of Global Body Mist Market Segment by Manufacturers Este Lauder L Brands LOral LVMH Shiseido Amway Avon Products Burberry Chatters Canada Coty Edgewell Personal Care Henkel Johnson & Johnson Kao Marchesa Mary Kay O Boticrio Procter & Gamble Revlon Unilever Parfums de Coeur Calvin Klein Jovan Dolce & Gabana Curve Drakkar Nike Adidas Axe Impulse Analysis of Global Body Mist Market Segment by regions  North America (USA, Canada and Mexico) Europe (Germany, France, UK, Russia and Italy) Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India and Southeast Asia) South America (Brazil, Argentina, Columbia etc.) Middle East and Africa (Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt, Nigeria and South Africa) Browse the full report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/global-body-mist-market-by-manufacturers-countries-type-and-application-forecast-to-2022 . Global Body Mist Market Segment by Types Moisturizing Mist Kill Odor Mist Others Global Body Mist Market Segment by Applications, can be divided into  For Men For Women Some of the Points cover in Global Body Mist Market Research Report is: Chapter 1: Describe Body Mist Industry Introduction, Product Scope, Market Overview, Market Opportunities, Market Risk, Market Driving Force Chapter 2: To analyze the top manufacturers of Body Mist Industry in 2016 and 2017 Sales Revenue and price Chapter 9 and 10: Global Body Mist Market by type and application from 2012 to 2017 Sales Revenue and market share Growth rate Chapter 11: Body Mist Industry Market forecast from 2017 to 2022 Regions Type and application with sales and revenue Chapter 12 and 13: Body Mist Industry Sales channel Distributors Traders and dealers Appendix Data source Check discount of the report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/discount/305925 . CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews Tagsbody mist industry, Body Mist Market, global body mist market 2022 forecast Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Revenue Cycle Management (RCM) Market Deep Research Study with Forecast by 2025 Next PostNext Morphine Sulfate Market Size (Value) Worldwide Industry Growth, Share, Trends, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us: SUBSCRIBE NOW My Profile Log out LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age MenuClose Advertising Age Search Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Video Making Sense of the Connected Life Connected devices from Amazon Echo to smart toothbrushes are taking over, but few of us recognize their real power and potential. Featured Super Bowl Ad Archive Best Places to Work Women to Watch 40 Under 40 Agency Report Leading National Advertisers Tagline Podcast Required Reading The 2017 Marketing Fact Pack Opinion See All DigitalNext The Media Guy Agency Viewpoint Rance Crain Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Log Out Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Now Log Out Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search 8 Trends Ahead for the $263 Billion Licensing Industry By Michael Stone and Allison Ames - 5 hours ago Array 0 Vodka Rebellion: Behind the Rise of New Amsterdam and Tito's By E.J. Schultz - 10 hours ago Array 0 Tiny Toast is Toast: General Mills Benches Brand Name By Jessica Wohl - 10 hours ago Array 0 What Mary Meeker Has to Say About Snapchat's TV Dreams By Garett Sloane - 16 hours ago Array 0 The Short, Happy Life of NBC's New 'Must-See TV' By Anthony Crupi - 17 hours ago Array 0 Vodka Rebellion: Behind the Rise of New Amsterdam and Tito's By E.J. Schultz - 10 hours ago 0 The Short, Happy Life of NBC's New 'Must-See TV' By Anthony Crupi - 17 hours ago 0 Tiny Toast is Toast: General Mills Benches Brand Name By Jessica Wohl - 10 hours ago 0 Ads.txt Could Wipe Out a Legion of Programmatic Ad Players. That's Good By Ian Trider - 20 hours ago 0 This Mobile McDonald's Drive-Thru Puts Other Food Trucks to Shame By Ann-Christine Diaz - 23 hours ago 0 Ad Age's Women to Watch 2017 - 11 hours ago 0 Marketers Struggle With Viewability IRL, Too By Jack Neff - 18 hours ago 0 Ballad of the Sad White Alpha Men By Simon Dumenco - 18 hours ago 0 NBC Wins Broadcast TV's Annual War of Attrition By Anthony Crupi - Yesterday 0 Strahan Reveals Locker Room Secrets (And What He Thinks of Ryan Seacrest) By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 11 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US × Sign In Register Sign In Forgot Password? Once registered, you can: - Read additional free articles each month - Comment on articles and featured creative work - Get our curated newsletters delivered to your inbox Register Now By registering you agree to our privacy policy, terms & conditions and to receive occasional emails from Ad Age. You may unsubscribe at any time. Are you a print subscriber? Activate your account. Women to Watch Women To Watch Alumnae: Where Are They Now? Published on May 30, 2017. Most Popular This is the 21st year Ad Age is publishing Women to Watch, and over those two decades our honorees have gone on to even greater things. Here, we check in with 16 of our past Women to Watch to see where they are today. Mary Barra, the first female chairman-CEO of General Motors, was a Woman to Watch in 2012 when she was senior VP-global product development at the automaker. Dawn Hudson, now exec VP-chief marketing officer at the National Football League, made our list in 1997 when she was exec VP-sales and marketing at Frito-Lay. Carol H. Williams, founder of Carol H. Williams Advertising, who made our list in 2002, was inducted into the Advertising Hall of Fame this year. Linda Yaccarino, named to our Women to Watch in 2007 as exec VP-general manager of ad sales and marketing at Turner, is now chairman-ad sales and partnerships at NBC Universal. Donna Speciale, a Woman to Watch in 2001 as exec VP-director of local and national broadcast at MediaCom, is now president of Turner Ad Sales. Fiona Carter, Class of '06 while exec VP-integration director on Bank of America at Omnicom, is now chief brand officer at the nation's second largest advertiser, AT&T. Kathleen Brookbanks, Class of '03 as managing director of OMD Midwest, is now chief operating officer at Hearts & Science. Marla Kaplowitz, the new president-CEO of the 4A's, made the list in 2012 as CEO of MEC North America. Tamara Ingram, named to our Women to Watch list in 2007 as president-Team P&G at WPP Group, is now worldwide CEO at WPP's JWT. Anne Bologna, chief strategy officer at iCrossing, was a Woman to Watch in 2008 when she was a founding partner of Toy. Morgan Flatley, recently named U.S. CMO at McDonald's, was a Woman to Watch in 2014 when she was VP-marketing at Gatorade. In the McDonald's post, she succeeds Deborah Wahl, Women to Watch Class of '02, who was then corporate manager-marketing communications at Toyota Motor Sales USA. Maryam Banikarim, Class of 2011 when she was senior VP-CMO at Gannett, is now global CMO of Hyatt Hotels. And just this month four Women to Watch moved up: Chloe Gottlieb, Class of 2016 as exec VP-exec creative director at R/GA, was promoted to joint chief creative officer for the agency. Lauren Hobart, Class of 2010 when she was CMO-sparkling brands at PepsiCo, became president of Dick's Sporting Goods. Mari Kim Novak, a Woman to Watch last year as CMO of Rubicon Project, was named president of Advertising Week. Lindsay Pattison, named to the Class of 2015 as global CEO of Maxus, was appointed chief transformation officer at Maxus parent GroupM. Credit: file photos In this article: Agencies Automotive Special Report: Women to Watch Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Site by AREA 17
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News June 2017 Mo Su Sa Fr Th We Tu 5 4 3 2 1 May 2017 31 30 Improve Your Event with a Wireless Tour Guide System TourGuide Solutions Supplies Sennheiser 2020 for High-Quality Events   TourGuide Solutions wireless tour guide system GREEN BAY, Wis. - June 1, 2017 - PRLog -- Event coordinators increasingly are turning to a wireless tour guide system to focus on providing crystal clear audio as a differentiating factor in delivering a high-quality experience. TourGuide Solutions, North America's leading provider of wireless tour guide systems, works with tour operators and event coordinators to optimize the ability of participants to enjoy the tour without straining to hear the presentation. The wireless tour guide system of choice is the Sennheiser 2020 from the audio industry's leading provider of wireless mics. "Some of the biggest stars in the music industry use Sennheiser microphones, and the Sennheiser 2020 system uses similar technology for exceptionally high-quality audio," said Bridget Pedersen, Event and Marketing Specialist at TourGuide Solutions. "The ease of setup is a big reason why we choose this system as our failsafe option for event rentals." Event Coordinators Prefer Wireless Tour Guide System Event coordinators gravitate toward the Sennheiser system because its combination of unmatched audio quality and ease of operation reflect positively on the host organization. "Sennheiser has truly mastered wireless technology," Pedersen said. "Our customers love the Sennheiser 2020 because it is compact, and tour leaders are able to move around and be heard without fighting background noise or poor acoustics." The Sennheiser wireless tour guide system features lightweight headsets with individual volume control. A sensitivity setting on the wireless microphone allows the presenter to diminish up to 36 decibels of background noise and provide exceptional audio quality. TourGuide Solutions supplied Sennheiser 2020 tour audio systems for the plant tour component of the IndustryWeek Manufacturing & Technology (M&T) Conference and Expo in May and will be providing similar systems for tours associated with the AME International Conference in Boston, October 9-13, 2017. About TourGuide Solutions TourGuide Solutions is an affiliate company of OwnersEdge Inc., a 100 percent employee-owned ESOP holding company based in Brookfield, Wisconsin. TourGuide Solutions, founded in 1998, provides a wide range of Fortune 500 companies with audio equipment to usher guests through live, interactive plant tours. Its clients include Toyota, Nestle, Coca-Cola, Kellogg's, Whirlpool, John Deere and P&G. TourGuide Solutions represents a wide array of product lines, including Sennheiser 2020, Williams Sound Digi-Wave, Listen Technologies, ListenTALK and its own TGS-900. TourGuide Solutions offers warranty protection, with post-warranty care standard with every purchase. Next-day service is available to locations within the United States. Call 877-204-0225 or visit http://tourguidesolutions.com for more information about TourGuide Solutions products or to request a quote. View original post on wireless tour guide system here. Contact TourGuide Solutions 877-204-0225 info@tourguidesolutions.com Photo: https://www.prlog.org/12643692/1 End Source : TourGuide Solutions Email : ***@tourguidesolutions.com Tags : Wireless Tour Guide System Industry : Technology, Tourism, Travel Location : Green Bay - Wisconsin - United States Subject : Products Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse TourGuide Solutions PRs Sennheiser 2020 Tour System Featured at IndustryWeek M&T Conference TourGuide Solutions Makes a Splash at NTA's TREX Event Factory Tour Headsets Provide Effective Group Audio Solutions Tour Audio Systems Rental Enhances Truck Manufacturer's Events TourGuide Solutions Provides Tour Guide System Rental SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
North America Luxury Furniture Market 2016-2022: Rapidly Growing Urban Population is Adding to the Demand for Luxury Furniture - Research and Markets June 01, 2017 09:44 AM Eastern Daylight Time DUBLIN--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "North America Luxury Furniture Market (2016-2022)" report to their offering. The demand for luxury furniture in the domestic and commercial segment has been unprecedented. Substantial growth in the per capita income is the prime reason behind the unprecedented growth in the luxury furniture market. The rapidly growing urban population is adding to the demand for luxury furniture. Furniture made up of glass material is gaining province over other kinds of materials, due to their elegance and eye catching designs. Wood Furniture holds the maximum market share, as wood is used majorly in the luxury furniture. Designing things on wood is easy, and is a natural and easily available raw material around the world. The market of wood furniture is expected to reach $2,145.4 million by 2022, growing at a CAGR of 3.0% during the forecast period. The glass material market on the other hand would rapidly grow at a CAGR of 5.6% during the forecast period due to growing demand for attractive glass furniture products. The living and bedroom segment is expected to generate revenue of $2,800.7 million by 2022, growing at a CAGR of 3.3% during the forecasted period. The lighting market segment would grow rapidly during the forecast period, registering a CAGR of 8.0%. The report highlights the adoption of Luxury Furniture in North America. Based on Materials, the market is segmented into Metal, Wood, Plastic, Glass, Leathers, Others. Based on End User, the Luxury Furniture market is segmented into Residential and Commercial Market. According to the usage, the Residential market is segmented into Kitchen, Living & Bedroom, Bathroom, Outdoor, Lighting segments; the commercial market is segmented into Office, Hospitality and Others segment. Key Companies profiled in the report includes: Kimberly- Clark Corporation Unicharm Bumkins Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget Company Hengan American Baby Company Procter & Gamble Company (P&G) Kao Corporation Key Topics Covered: 1. Market Scope & Methodology 2. Market Overview 3. North America Luxury Furniture Market - By Materials 4. North America Luxury Furniture Market - By End user 5. Country Level Analysis 6. Company Profiles For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/qsm6bs/north_america Contacts Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T. Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 Related Topics: Furniture Contacts Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T. Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 Related Topics: Furniture Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Persistence Market Research Global Cosmeceuticals Market Projected to Gain Significant Value by 2022 Owing to the increasing consumer consciousness regarding the appearance, the cosmeceuticals market is expected to witness a surge across the globe. Cosmeceuticals segment is expected to experience the fastest growth in personal care industry. Increasing demand from middle age and growing urban population are expected to drive the global cosmeceuticals market. Global cosmeceuticals market is further supported by various factors such as the presence of superior quality and premium priced cosmeceuticals products. Cosmeceuticals products are used for varied applications such as skin irritation, skin lightening, tooth whitening and others. Cosmeceuticals market is growing rapidly and expected to witness double-digit growth in the next four to five years. Although demand for cosmeceuticals is increasing significantly but various other treatment options are entering the market. These treatment alternatives are expected to increase the completion in the cosmeceuticals market and expected to hinder the growth of cosmeceuticals market to some extent. To get the view of full report @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/cosmeceuticals-market.asp Global Cosmeceuticals Market is segmented on the basis of product type, ingredient and region. Based on the product type segmentation includes hair care, skincare, lip care, tooth whitening, injectable and others. Of which skincare is expected to be the dominating segment, followed by hair care in the forecasted period. Among skincare, anti-ageing sub-segment is expected to contribute maximum revenue over the forecasted period. However, the injectable segment is expected to witness the fastest growth in the next four to five years due to the various advantages such as weight treatment and wrinkle reducer associated with it. Based on the ingredient used, cosmeceuticals market is segmented into antioxidants, proteins, peptides, botanicals, moisturizers and others. Of which antioxidant segment is the leading segment which is expected to contribute the highest revenue during the forecasted period. Global cosmeceuticals market is segmented on the basis of a region into North America, Latin America, Eastern Europe, Western Europe, Asia-Pacific excluding Japan, Middle East and Africa, and Japan. A Sample of this Report is Available Upon Request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/8938 The Global Cosmeceuticals market is expected to witness robust growth over the forecasted period due to the rising consumer awareness regarding the benefits of cosmeceuticals coupled with increasing number of premium quality cosmeceuticals products. Globally, among all regions, North America is expected to contribute the highest market share, followed by Europe over the forecasted period. However, Asia Pacific is anticipated to witness the highest growth owing to the rising disposable income of consumers in various countries. In Asia Pacific, Japan is anticipated to contribute highest market share and expected to grow with highest CAGR, followed by China. Major factors that fuel the growth of cosmeceuticals market includes increasing consumer consciousness regarding the appearance and increasing number of urban population coupled with rising consumer awareness related to benefits of cosmeceuticals. Another factor that is driving the growth of cosmeceuticals market is increasing the affordability of consumers in the emerging markets such as China and India. A major factor that restraints the growth of cosmeceuticals market is growing consumer awareness related to harmful effects of ingredients used in cosmeceuticals. A Sample of this Report is Available Upon Request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/8938 Major companies operating in cosmeceuticals market are Procter and Gamble, L’Oreal SA, Unilever, Active Organics, Allergan, Arch Chemicals, Inc., BASF SE, Bayer AG, Symrise AG. Companies operating in cosmeceuticals market are adopting a strategy by investing the huge amount in research and development (R&D) activities in order to launch new products and penetrate into emerging markets. Companies are developing new ingredients such as peptides and stem cells for cosmeceuticals products. About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsCosmeceuticals, Global Cosmeceuticals, Global Cosmeceuticals Market, Global Global Cosmeceuticals Market, Healthcare Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Nucucina Adds Flavor And Aroma To Morning Coffee Next PostNext Scentalog Smells Online Success for Fragrance Brands & Retailers Search Recent Posts The Philip J. DiNenno Prize awarded for the development and commercialization of Very Early Smoke Detection Apparatus Riassunto: Westinghouse e Boilermakers si accordano su un nuovo contratto Portrait of Leonardo da Vinci discovered. Guess Who the Artist is? IBM Announces Partnership with Baheal Group to Bring Watson for Oncology to China Pacifists cheer Methodist minister ahead of trial for criminal damage Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Persistence Market Research Global Cosmeceuticals Market Projected to Gain Significant Value by 2022 Owing to the increasing consumer consciousness regarding the appearance, the cosmeceuticals market is expected to witness a surge across the globe. Cosmeceuticals segment is expected to experience the fastest growth in personal care industry. Increasing demand from middle age and growing urban population are expected to drive the global cosmeceuticals market. Global cosmeceuticals market is further supported by various factors such as the presence of superior quality and premium priced cosmeceuticals products. Cosmeceuticals products are used for varied applications such as skin irritation, skin lightening, tooth whitening and others. Cosmeceuticals market is growing rapidly and expected to witness double-digit growth in the next four to five years. Although demand for cosmeceuticals is increasing significantly but various other treatment options are entering the market. These treatment alternatives are expected to increase the completion in the cosmeceuticals market and expected to hinder the growth of cosmeceuticals market to some extent. To get the view of full report @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/cosmeceuticals-market.asp Global Cosmeceuticals Market is segmented on the basis of product type, ingredient and region. Based on the product type segmentation includes hair care, skincare, lip care, tooth whitening, injectable and others. Of which skincare is expected to be the dominating segment, followed by hair care in the forecasted period. Among skincare, anti-ageing sub-segment is expected to contribute maximum revenue over the forecasted period. However, the injectable segment is expected to witness the fastest growth in the next four to five years due to the various advantages such as weight treatment and wrinkle reducer associated with it. Based on the ingredient used, cosmeceuticals market is segmented into antioxidants, proteins, peptides, botanicals, moisturizers and others. Of which antioxidant segment is the leading segment which is expected to contribute the highest revenue during the forecasted period. Global cosmeceuticals market is segmented on the basis of a region into North America, Latin America, Eastern Europe, Western Europe, Asia-Pacific excluding Japan, Middle East and Africa, and Japan. A Sample of this Report is Available Upon Request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/8938 The Global Cosmeceuticals market is expected to witness robust growth over the forecasted period due to the rising consumer awareness regarding the benefits of cosmeceuticals coupled with increasing number of premium quality cosmeceuticals products. Globally, among all regions, North America is expected to contribute the highest market share, followed by Europe over the forecasted period. However, Asia Pacific is anticipated to witness the highest growth owing to the rising disposable income of consumers in various countries. In Asia Pacific, Japan is anticipated to contribute highest market share and expected to grow with highest CAGR, followed by China. Major factors that fuel the growth of cosmeceuticals market includes increasing consumer consciousness regarding the appearance and increasing number of urban population coupled with rising consumer awareness related to benefits of cosmeceuticals. Another factor that is driving the growth of cosmeceuticals market is increasing the affordability of consumers in the emerging markets such as China and India. A major factor that restraints the growth of cosmeceuticals market is growing consumer awareness related to harmful effects of ingredients used in cosmeceuticals. A Sample of this Report is Available Upon Request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/8938 Major companies operating in cosmeceuticals market are Procter and Gamble, L’Oreal SA, Unilever, Active Organics, Allergan, Arch Chemicals, Inc., BASF SE, Bayer AG, Symrise AG. Companies operating in cosmeceuticals market are adopting a strategy by investing the huge amount in research and development (R&D) activities in order to launch new products and penetrate into emerging markets. Companies are developing new ingredients such as peptides and stem cells for cosmeceuticals products. About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsCosmeceuticals, Global Cosmeceuticals, Global Cosmeceuticals Market, Global Global Cosmeceuticals Market, Healthcare Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Nucucina Adds Flavor And Aroma To Morning Coffee Next PostNext Scentalog Smells Online Success for Fragrance Brands & Retailers Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Your browser is blocking javascript. This might limit your experience on this website SUBSCRIBE FREE NEWSLETTER Breaking News on Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in North AmericaEU editionAPAC edition Headlines Brand Innovation Formulation & Science Packaging & Design Business & Financial Market Trends Regulation & Safety Videos Audios Galleries Internet Live Events Promotional Features Site Archive June 2017 May 2017 Previous months Hot topics Anti-Aging Naturals & Organics Nanotechnology Sustainable Packaging Digital PRODUCT LIBRARY Skin Care Hair Care Color Cosmetics Fragrance Nutricosmetics Packaging Resources All Products Supplier Webinars Videos & Audio Technical Papers Product Brochures Suppliers Events All events Our events Shows & Conferences Other industry events CD Buzz News & Analysis Events Executive interviews Related sites CosmeticsDesign-Europe.comCosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Europe CosmeticsDesign-Asia.comCosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Asia-Pacific Headlines > Brand Innovation Read more breaking news     Text size Print Forward Subscribe to our FREE newsletter SUBSCRIBE Indie Beauty: Where ideas, inspiration, innovation, and investments happen in the cosmetics and personal care industry today (part 2 of 2) By Deanna UtroskeDeanna Utroske 31-May-20172017-05-31T00:00:00Z Last updated on 02-Jun-2017 at 15:28 GMT2017-06-02T15:28:31Z Related tags: Cause, Indie beauty, Incubators, Accelerators, Trend, Funding, M&A The independent beauty movement is unstoppable. It’s no longer niche and it’s no longer negligible. Here Cosmetics Design examines all things indie—what’s trending, how conventional beauty is responding, and more. Bringing something new to market is always a risk. The innovative technology behind the Youth Revealed Anti-Aging Skin Care Masks from Nannette de Gaspé Beauté (as mentioned in part 1 of this article ) for example had no precedent in beauty. It’s commonly indie beauty brands that test the market readiness of new products and concepts. Trending Bold indie brands are often on the leading edge (if not ahead of the curve) of what’s coming next in beauty, fragrance, and personal care. While industry giants like IFF Lucas Meyer and Johnson & Johnson are researching and slowly rolling out products that engage productively with the skin or scalp’s microbiome, brands like Mother Dirt and Gallinée have already taken the wonder and science of bacteria as the focus of their brands. Just as environmentalism and corporate social responsibility have become cherished initiatives for multinational corporations, cultural and societal causes have inspired entire indie brands, like Pinch of Colour . The brand founded by Linda Treska not only makes lip color and complexion products without water but also works closely with water conservation causes worldwide. All natural fragrance is a trendy niche thanks to forward-thinking brands like Pour le Monde. In a Two Views piece on Cosmetics Design late last year that brand’s founder Wendi Berger, commented that, “in the three years since Pour le Monde launched, there has been enormous growth in the natural beauty space as more consumers question ingredients found in personal care. They scrutinize and hold companies accountable and expect transparency, efficacy, sustainably sourced ingredients and cruelty free products.” The rise in hair and color cosmetics for non-Caucasian consumers has also been nudged forward by the indie beauty movement. “Finally, we’re seeing products and services—created by people of color—that address the beauty needs of women of color in authentic ways,” Jihan Thompson, co-founder and CEO of Swivel Beauty, an app that helps women of color find the right salon and stylist, told Cosmetics Design . As the app exemplifies, digital technology makes it easier for new brands and services to reach consumers directly. And indie seems to be where the athleisure trend got a running start. Scarcely an article goes by about active beauty in the consumer media that doesn’t mention the innovative Sweat Cosmetics brand . And indie beauty brands led that trend in terms of simplicity (like Feather & Bone face gems ), portability (like Stowaway Cosmetics ), and practicality (like Switch Fresh ) too. Funding Money talks. Big beauty has adopted an entrepreneurial attitude and embraced indie beauty, with awards, through incubators, and with investments or acquisitions. Startups are all the rage and competitions like the L’Oreal NEXT awards (this year’s application deadline in June 17) create a space where the latest outside-the-box tech and innovation can cross-pollinate with the experience and reach of big beauty.   Incubators for finished goods brands like P&G’s Preneur project and for startup supply-side companies like Johnson & Johnson’s JLABS , for individual entrepreneurs like Sephora Accelerate —these all act as catalysts to advance indie and to inspire legacy brands to borrow and build on the best of what’s new. Venture capitalists, investment firms, and bankers, all have a keen interest in indie beauty today; and it’s as much for that reason as it is for the disruptive, entrepreneurial spirit of the whole thing that indie beauty is here to stay. Read part 1 of Indie Beauty: Where ideas, inspiration, innovation, and investments happen in the cosmetics and personal care industry today. This content is copyright protected However, if you would like to share the information in this article, you may use the headline, summary and link below: Indie Beauty: Where ideas, inspiration, innovation, and investments happen in the cosmetics and personal care industry today (part 2 of 2) By Deanna UtroskeDeanna Utroske, 31-May-2017 The independent beauty movement is unstoppable. It’s no longer niche and it’s no longer negligible. Here Cosmetics Design examines all things indie—what’s trending, how conventional beauty is responding, and more. http://www.cosmeticsdesign.com/Brand-Innovation/Indie-Beauty-Where-ideas-inspiration-innovation-and-investments-happen-in-the-cosmetics-and-personal-care-industry-today-part-2-of-2 Copyright - Unless otherwise stated all contents of this web site are © 2017 - William Reed Business Media SAS - All Rights Reserved - Full details for the use of materials on this site can be found in the Terms & Conditions Related news: Indie Beauty: Where ideas, inspiration, innovation, and investments happen in the cosmetics and personal care industry today (part 1 of 2) Indie Beauty: Where ideas, inspiration, innovation, and investments happen in the cosmetics and personal care industry today (part 1 of 2) Why Clinique isn’t (exactly) resting on its laurels in the age of Indie Beauty and All Things Digital Linda Treska, Pinch of Colour RELATED TOPICS: Brand Innovation, Color Cosmetics, Nutricosmetics, Fragrance, Hair Care, Packaging, Skin Care Subscribe to our FREE newsletter Get FREE access to authoritative breaking news, videos, podcasts, webinars and white papers. SUBSCRIBE Related products Hello Face, Goodbye Oil Sabinsa Cosmetics | 30-May-2017 | Clinical study Discover an oil control moisturizer made from potent patented ingredients having sebum regulation activity that controls excess oiliness... A New Approach to Environmental Stress Chemyunion | 21-Jun-2017 | Live Supplier Webinar More than 80% of people living in urban areas are exposed to air quality that exceeds the WHO limits. Studies have shown that exposure t... INVINCITY®, the “invincible” weapon against Polluaging® Solabia Group | 22-May-2017 | Product brochure INVINCITY®, Inhibitor of the Aryl-Hydrocarbon (AhR) receptor activation induced by pollution, is a concentrated form of Fucoidans (sulpha... Busy life? How do you support your skin to follow the rhythm? CODIF | 21-Jun-2017 | Live Supplier Webinar After a busy day, a jetlag, a hectic day with children, you always find the energy to become strong again and…to re-start! What about you... Et-VC™ & Azeclair™ : Design for Daily Urban Protection Corum | 16-May-2017 | Case study Et-VC™, a stable, powerful multi-functional vitamin C derivative proven to effectively rejuvenate skin and even out complexion. New rece... Aging Hair Care through the Legendary Power of Baobab TRI-K Industries Inc. | 15-May-2017 | Data sheet Anti-aging for hair is quickly becoming a large and formidable category in hair care. The explanation behind anti-aging of hair can be de... Smart Hair Repair: KeraSym™ Restore Symrise | 10-May-2017 | Product brochure Wheat proteins have long been hair care favorites bringing in the powerful image of one of the oldest and most cherished nourishing grain... INTRODUCING SMART WARMING TECHNOLOGY Symrise | 27-Apr-2017 | Product brochure A warming sensation may completely transform a product experience.  It triggers relaxation, enhances the perception of the formula’... WS SA50TM- Enhanced Aqueous Solubility Technology for Salicylic Acid Tagra | 24-Apr-2017 | Product brochure WS SA50TM - Tagra’s unique technology leads to a significant increase in Salicylic acid water solubility without high-energy investment w... Rejuvenation through epigenetic science Mibelle Biochemistry | 24-Apr-2017 | Case study Inspired by epigenetic science, RoyalEpigen P5 has been designed to delay the aging of skin. Both lifestyles and environmental factors ha... A unique active plant cell complex, consisting of Indian jasmine cells with integrated Gamma Mangosteen, improves general aspect of face Naolys | 24-Apr-2017 | Product brochure Naolys has been the leader in plant cell culture for 14 years, developing innovative, unique active ingredients, with whole plant cells r... Natural peptide to sculpt & contour the jawline TRI-K Industries Inc. | 12-Apr-2017 | Data sheet TRI-K has developed a new botanical based, natural peptide, NaturePep™ Sacha Inchi - the next of their NaturePep™ platform – launched at... Proven Efficacy in Reducing Pollutant Permeation Chemyunion | 10-Apr-2017 | Case study SkinBlitz protects the DNA of cells exposed to pollution, reduces the biomarkers of environmental stress, inhibits hyperpigmentation and... Global Distinctions in Cosmetic Regulations and Marketing IQPC | 27-Mar-2017 | Case study With regulations still evolving from emerging markets, which are incorporating their own standards to ensure consumer safety and transpar... Performance of Sunscreens with Zemea® Propanediol DuPont Tate & Lyle Bio Products | 20-Mar-2017 | Technical / white paper Two underutilized OTC Category 1 sunscreen actives include ensulizole and sulisobenzone. Downfalls of these water-soluble actives are cry... Emollient Solutions: APRINNOVA’S NEOSSANCE® Squalane APRINNOVA | 13-Mar-2017 | Product brochure Formulators have long recognized Squalane’s value as a superior emollient. APRINNOVA’S NEOSSANCE SQUALANE, derived via fermentation of su... Speed up formula development and ensure market requirement, using performance software solutions designed for cosmetic R&D lab Coptis | 16-Mar-2017 | On-Demand Supplier Webinar The Cosmetic product development generates large amounts of data and documents. Proper integration of your raw materials, ingredients, fo... Pycnogenol® Contributes to Skin Hydration and Reduces Pigmentation Horphag | 21-Sep-2016 | Technical / white paper A newly published review in Skin Pharmacology and Physiology on Pycnogenol®, French maritime pine bark extract, reveals supplementation w... Related suppliers Acme Hardesty | APRINNOVA | Chemyunion | INOLEX | IQPC | Mibelle Biochemistry | Sensient Cosmetic Technologies Most Popular News 1The top ten most innovative indie beauty products 2The Estée Lauder Companies announce new leadership for skin care, hair, and color cosmetics brands 3L'Oréal hair care earns Cradle to Cradle certifications 4Coppertone—a legacy sun care brand fashioning a future through consumer trust, greater transparency, and innovative textures 5DevaCurl acquired Key Industry Events 09-Jul-2017 Cosmoprof North America Las Vegas, Nevada / Exhibition Read more 06-Sep-2017 ADF&PCD New York City / Conference and exhibition Read more 20-Sep-2017 in-cosmetics Latin America São Paulo, Brazil / Conference and exhibition Read more Access all events listing Products Hello Face, Goodbye Oil Sabinsa Cosmetics INVINCITY®, the “invincible” weapon against Polluaging® Solabia Group Et-VC™ & Azeclair™ : Design for Daily Urban Protection Corum Aging Hair Care through the Legendary Power of Baobab TRI-K Industries Inc. Smart Hair Repair: KeraSym™ Restore Symrise INTRODUCING SMART WARMING TECHNOLOGY Symrise View All Products Live Supplier Webinars 21-Jun-2017 A New Approach to Environmental Stress Chemyunion 21-Jun-2017 Busy life? How do you support your skin to follow the rhythm? CODIF On demand Supplier Webinars Speed up formula development and ensure market requirement, using performance software solutions designed for cosmetic R&D lab Coptis All supplier webinars Today's Headlines Will the UN instate a global ban on animal testing for cosmetics? Biome-Friendly Shampoo from Mother Dirt gets a longer shelf life Au Naturale Cosmetics has a whole new look Promotional Features By Mibelle Biochemistry Content Provided by Mibelle Biochemistry Sea anemone venom for sensitive skin By Mibelle Biochemistry Content Provided by Mibelle Biochemistry Fighting cellulite and fat deposits by stimulating brown fat activity By Mibelle Biochemistry Content Provided by Mibelle Biochemistry Rejuvenation through epigenetic science Weekly / Daily Free Newsletters CosmeticsDesign.com USA CosmeticsDesign-Europe.com CosmeticsDesign-Asia.com Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in North America - Daily Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Europe - Daily Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Asia-Pacific - Daily Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in North America - Weekly Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Europe - Weekly Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Asia-Pacific - Weekly       Skin Care Skin Care Skin Care Hair Care Hair Care Hair Care Color Cosmetics Colour Cosmetics Color Cosmetics Fragrance Fragrance Fragrance Nutricosmetics Nutricosmetics Nutricosmetics Packaging Packaging Packaging Subscribe to our FREE newsletterSUBSCRIBE Related Sites from our Team Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Europe  |  Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Asia-Pacific About us | Editorial Calendar | Site map | All sites | Recommend this Site | Advertise | Contact the Editor | Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookie Policy
Shopping Jobs Driving Homes Remembering Celebrating Newspapers TV Networks National Post The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Oddities News Happening Now Local National World Oddities Photo Galleries Weather Business Money Markets Mortgages Sports Hockey NHL Video Highlights Football-CFL Football-NFL Baseball Basketball Winter Sports Golf Racing Soccer Tennis MMA Entertainment Celebrity Music Movies Television Books TV Listings Lifestyle Fashion & Beauty Food Parenting Relationships Astrology Health Diet & Fitness Sexual Health Seniors Family & Child Men Women Travel Destinations Technology Gaming Internet Tech-Biz Space Personal Tech         Global stocks mostly higher as China falls     By Joe McDonald, The Associated Press June 1, 2017     Story Photos ( 1 )     A man talks on his mobile phone in front of an electronic stock board showing Japan's Nikkei 225 index at a securities firm Thursday, June 1, 2017, in Tokyo. Chinese stocks declined Thursday after a survey showed manufacturing weakening while other Asian markets gained after Wall Street fell for a second day. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) BEIJING — Global stock markets were mostly higher Thursday following Wall Street's decline while Chinese stocks fell after a survey showed manufacturing activity weakening. KEEPING SCORE: France's CAC-40 gained 0.5 per cent to 5,308.60 and Germany's DAX advanced 0.4 per cent to 12,660.42. London's FTSE 100 retreated 0.3 per cent to 7,543.86. On Wednesday, the DAX gained 0.1 per cent while the FTSE 100 shed 0.1 per cent and the CAC-40 lost 0.4 per cent. On Wall Street, futures for the Dow Jones industrial average and Standard & Poor's 500 index were up just under 0.1 per cent. ASIA'S DAY: The Shanghai Composite Index lost 0.5 per cent to 3,102.62 while Tokyo's Nikkei 225 advanced 1.1 per cent to 19,860.03. Hong Kong's Hang Seng rose 0.5 per cent to 25,779.34 and Sydney's S&P-ASX 200 added 0.2 per cent to 5,738.10. South Korea's Kospi shed 0.1 per cent to 2,344.61 and India's Sensex was unchanged at 31,155.89. Benchmarks in New Zealand, Taiwan and Singapore rose while Bangkok retreated. WALL STREET: U.S. stocks fell on a sharp drop for banks and a rare loss for tech companies. That offset gains for drug makers and consumer-focused companies. Banks fell after executives from JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America said their trading businesses are having a rough second quarter. Energy companies fell with oil prices. Investors picked consumer-focused companies, drug makers and high-dividend utilities and household goods companies. The S&P 500 lost less than 0.1 per cent to 2,411.80. The Dow dropped 0.1 per cent to 21,008.65. CHINESE MANUFACTURING: The Chinese business magazine Caixin said its purchasing managers' index declined for a third month, falling to 49.6 from April's 50.3 on a 100-point scale on which numbers below 50 show activity contracting. That came after a separate PMI on Wednesday by the National Bureau of Statistics and an industry group, the China Federation of Logistics and Purchasing, improved to 54.5 from 54. ANALYST'S TAKE: "Today's PMI reading points to growth having slowed more rapidly last month than the official PMI initially suggested," said Julian Evans-Pritchard of Capital Economics in a report. Reasons for the conflicting readings were unclear, but one possibility is that Caixin's survey includes more small or private companies than the official measure. "The latest data are still consistent with our broader outlook on the Chinese economy," said Evans-Pritchard. "We have long been warning that the rebound in growth during the second half of last year would prove short-lived." TRUMP AND CLIMATE: President Donald Trump was preparing to announce whether he will pull the United States out of the 195-nation Paris agreement to combat global warming by reducing carbon emissions. U.S. allies around the world sounded alarms about the likely consequences of an American withdrawal. On Twitter, Trump said he still was listening to "a lot of people both ways." Abandoning the pact would isolate the U.S. from allies who spent years negotiating the 2015 agreement. KOREA TRADE: May exports rose 13.4 per cent over a year earlier but growth decelerated from April. Exports are forecast to maintain relatively robust growth this year, possibly helped by the release of a new Samsung smartphone model. But they also face potential risks from rising pressure in the United States and Europe for restrictions on imports, as well as possible slowing Chinese growth. INDIAN MANUFACTURING: A survey showed Indian manufacturing activity grew in May but more slowly than April. A purchasing managers' index declined to 51.6 from April's six-month high of 52.5 on a 100-point scale on which numbers above 50 show activity expanding. The measures for output and new orders declined but stayed well above 50. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. oil gained 48 cents to $48.80 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract plunged $1.34 on Wednesday to close at $48.32. Brent crude, used to price international oils, advanced 45 cents to $51.21 in London. It dropped $1.48 the previous session. CURRENCY: The dollar gained to 110.95 yen from Wednesday's 110.76. The euro edged down to $1.1246 from $1.1247.       E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article           Story Tools   E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article   Font: * * * * *   Image: * * * *       A man talks on his mobile phone in front of an electronic stock board showing Japan's Nikkei 225 index at a securities firm Thursday, June 1, 2017, in Tokyo. Chinese stocks declined Thursday after a survey showed manufacturing weakening while other Asian markets gained after Wall Street fell for a second day. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko)       E-mail this Gallery Print this Gallery Share this Gallery         Photo Galleries »   Leonard Cohen Photos: Leonard Cohen honoured... Leonard Cohen is honoured at the Glenn Gould Prize... more »   Gallery: Italian cruise ship disaster... Passengers leapt into the sea and fought over lifejackets... more »   Photos: Deadly winds hit U.K. One man dies as winds of over 160kph hit Britain and... more » Video: Winds batter Britain Toronto issues 'extreme' cold alert as mercury to drop to -16C   Gallery: Republican candidates... Republican presidential candidates race across Iowa... more »     More Photo Galleries »     Related Topics   business The Canadian Press 2017         Business Videos         Most Popular canada.com E-mailed Shared     Sponsored By           FP Business Wire »   FP Business Wire   Zymeworks Presents Safety and Anti-Tumor Activity Data from the Ongoing Phase 1 Study of ZW25 at the American Society of Clinical Oncology Annual Meeting (ASCO 2017) Global Automotive Windshield Market 2017-2021: Top Drivers and Forecasts by Technavio Royal Gold Expands Revolving Credit Facility and Pays Down another $50 million of Debt           News Business Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Health Travel Technology Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Most Popular Formats Sitemap / RSS Contests Blogs Photo Galleries Videos Canada.com About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us FAQs Tools Canada.com Search for a Job Buy / Sell a Car Infomart Place a Classified Ad Newsletters and Alerts Flyercity.ca About canada.com | Privacy Statement | Terms | Copyright & Permissions © 2010-2017 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman North America Personal Care Electrical Appliances Market Report 2017: Analysis & Forecasts 2016-2022 – Research and Markets The North America market for personal care electrical appliances is expected to grow at a CAGR of 5.6% The forecast suggests that the sales of the products would remain steady and trend would be positive throughout the forecast period. The North America market has been segmented into hair care appliances, hair removal appliances, oral care appliances and other appliances (massagers and heating pads). Hair care appliances segment is a sizable market and would witness tremendous growth during the forecast period. The demand would remain positive due to the need for curling irons and other styling products and also growing need for style among the new generation. Hair removal appliances is also expected to witness a faster growth, especially due to growing demand for electric shavers and a shift from manual shavers to electrical shavers and trimmers. The report highlights the adoption of Personal Care Electrical Appliances in North America. Based on the Product, the North America Personal Care Electrical Appliances Market is segmented into Hair Care Appliances, Hair Removal Appliances, Oral Care Appliances and Others segment. Based on the Type, the Hair Care Appliances market is bifurcated into Hair Dryers, Hair Straighteners and Hair Stylers segment; the Hair Removal Appliances Market is segmented into Epilators, Shavers, Clippers and Trimmer segments; the Oral Care Appliances Market is segmented into Powered Toothbrush and Other oral care segments. Based on the gender, the Personal Care Electrical Appliances market is segmented into Male and Female segments. The countries included in the report are U.S, Canada, Mexico and Rest of North America. Key companies profiled in the report includes Remington Products, Conair Corporation, Groupe Seb, Colgate-Palmolive, The Procter & Gamble Company (P&G), Koninklijke Philips N.V., Panasonic Corporation, Helen Of Troy L.P., Homedics Inc. and Lion Corporation. Key Topics Covered: 1. Market Scope & Methodology 2. Market Overview 3. North America Personal Care & Electrical Appliances Market – By Product 4. North America Personal Care and Electrical Appliances Market – By Gender 5. Country Level Analysis 6. Company Profiles – Remington Products – Conair Corporation – Groupe Seb – Colgate-Palmolive – The Procter & Gamble Company (P&G) – Koninklijke Philips N.V. – Panasonic Corporation – Helen Of Troy L.P. – Homedics Inc. – Lion Corporation For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/6f9q55/north_america Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/north-america-personal-care-electrical-appliances-market-report-2017-analysis–forecasts-2016-2022—research-and-markets-300465266.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Eyeglass Lenses Market Research 2016 – Market Size, Share, Trends Analysis and Growth Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext World Champion Triathlon Coach and Motivational Speaker Siri Lindley to Appear at Denver Mattress in Boulder CO Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
