  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome several members of the President's cabinet for the first big Shabbat meal at their new DC home  'I didn't care. I would do it again': Chilling video shows the moment woman, 65, raised her arms and celebrated in front of police after killing her son-in-law Baylor University football players 'committed 52 rapes in four-year period', lawsuit claims Florida teacher is found not guilty of murder after shooting dead her out-of-control ex-husband who pinned her down and threatened to kill her while he was having oxycodone withdrawal Shocking moment a pick-up truck crashes THROUGH a bus in New York hitting passengers who remarkably walk away largely unscathed  Australian Open 2017 Women's final LIVE: Serena and Venus Williams battle in a major final against each other for the first time in nearly eight years Mischa Barton says she was drugged while having birthday drinks before meltdown that left her 'screaming about the end of the world, Ziggy Stardust and her mom being a witch' Trump's 'extreme vetting' measures deny visas and immigration to State Sponsors of Terror, end ALL refugee resettlement for 120 days, and freeze Syrians out until further notice New recording reveals Republican lawmakers' concerns on how to repeal Obamacare - with warnings against a 'quick fix' Boeing secures $2.1BILLION Pentagon contract for US Air Force order of 15 KC-46 refueling aircraft  The ultra secure, self-destructing 'black phone' Donald Trump SHOULD be using revealed amid claims the President still has his personal handset David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite 'Well there goes that relationship!' President Trump mocks BBC's political editor after 'unbelievably crass' question listing his policies she claimed worried Britons What a special relationship! Trump gets touchy-feely with Theresa as he declares 'great days lie ahead' and reveals he's meeting the Queen (let's just hope he keeps his hands to himself that day) KATIE HOPKINS: Even Laura, the little killjoy from the BBC, couldn't ruin Donald and Theresa's DC love-in. Now I can't wait for the return visit - let the hating commence!  I believe in torture - but my Pentagon boss doesn't: Trump says Mad Dog Mattis will not order waterboarding and insists he'll let 'general's general' override him Trump orders a 'great rebuilding' of the military during Pentagon visit following report of new arms to smash ISIS - and says Mattis will lead the Pentagon 'brilliantly' Theresa and Donald are getting along 'smoothly' despite her 'psychological discomfort' and his 'nervous chatter': Body language expert on President Trump meeting Prime Minister May Frames around the country that are supposed to feature President Trump's official portrait have been left empty - because the White House hasn't sent out his photo Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg slams Trump order to bar foreign aid to health clinics that offer abortions Don't call me Mad Dog, call me Jim: Pentagon chief tries to ditch his Marines nickname (but says he still likes his call sign Chaos) Hillary Clinton could have received 835,000 votes from non-citizens, political scientist who authored controversial voter fraud study claims First ladies first? Why didn't Trump wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obamas... unlike Barack, George and Bill did with their wives? 'As far as we're aware, Cold War was long dead': Russian Embassy in UK trolls Theresa May with a POEM after she warns Donald Trump about forging close relationship with Moscow Previous Next Mr Clean gets dirty! Iconic character gets a sexy makeover for the Super Bowl, sending fans into a frenzy  Procter & Gamble unveiled its first Super Bowl ad featuring Mr Clean Thursday The 30-second clip shows a younger, sexier version of the 59-year-old mascot Mr Clean, wearing his trademark white outfit, enters a woman's living room He starts dancing lasciviously while cleaning around the house The woman joins in before realizing Mr Clean is actually her real-life husband By Clemence Michallon For Dailymail.com Published: 18:23 EST, 27 January 2017 | Updated: 23:40 EST, 27 January 2017 e-mail 16 shares 20 View comments Turns out Mr Clean does clean up nicely. The 59-year-old mascot got a sexy makeover for his first Super Bowl appearance, coming up on February 5. Procter & Gamble unveiled the ad featuring Mr Clean Thursday, debuting a younger, sleeker version of the cleaning man who first appeared on television in 1958. Mr Clean shows up in a woman's living room, wearing his trademark spotless white outfit and earring. Soon, he starts dancing lasciviously while cleaning around the house, flaunting his muscles in the process. Scroll down for video  Procter & Gamble unveiled its first ad featuring Mr Clean Thursday, debuting a younger, sleeker version of the cleaning man (pictured) The 59-year-old mascot shows up in a woman's living room, wearing his trademark spotless white outfit and earring, and gets cleaning Soon, Mr Clean starts dancing lasciviously while cleaning around the house, flaunting his muscles in the process The woman follows him, looking completely charmed. The two stare into each other's eyes as Mr Clean scrubs the shower, and the woman begins to dance while he mops the living room floor. Suddenly, Mr Clean looks up and calls out: 'Sarah? Sarah?' The music stops and Sarah snaps back to reality, realizing that the sexy Mr Clean is in fact her real-life husband. 'Clean enough?' the husband asks. Sarah doesn't reply but jumps into his arm for a loving kiss, making him drop his bucket and mop. The couple fall onto the couch while the screen reads: 'You gotta love a man who cleans.' Suddenly, Mr Clean looks up and calls out: 'Sarah? Sarah?' The music stops and Sarah snaps back to reality, realizing that the sexy Mr Clean is in fact her real-life husband 'Clean enough?' the husband asks. Sarah doesn't reply but jumps into his arm for a loving kiss, making him drop his bucket and mop RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Snickers will air first ever LIVE commercial during the... Kraft Heinz to give all of their salaried employees the day... NFL bosses WON'T pay Lady Gaga to headline the prestigious... 'I thought it was very clever': Cindy Crawford reminisces... Share this article Share 16 shares The new Mr Clean is a far cry from the older version - although both wear the same, spotless white outfit and iconic golden earring Some viewers couldn't believe their eyes when they discovered the new, sexier Mr Clean and reacted on Twitter. This viewer thought the ad was 'ridiculous' Mr Clean first appeared on television in 1958. Pictured is a vintage ad The clip, titled 'Cleaner Of Your Dreams', is one of two ads that Procter & Gamble will broadcast during Super Bowl LI. The other one will be for Febreze. Some viewers couldn't believe their eyes when they discovered the new, sexier Mr Clean. They took to Twitter to express their reactions, ranging from amused to dismayed. 'They've sexualized Mr Clean,' one of them wrote with three emoji laughing to tears. Another one tweeted: 'Mr Clean has been hitting the gym LMAO'. One viewer said the ad was 'ridiculous', while another deemed it 'too much'. Those who haven't watched the ad yet will get to see it next week, while the New England Patriots face the Atlanta Falcons. Mr. C's Sexy Dream Team and #TheNextMrClean Mike Jackson, center, clean up Times Square to celebrate the debut of Mr. Clean's Super Bowl ad on Thursday January 26, 2017 in New York Share or comment on this article e-mail 16 shares Most watched News videos Graphic: NZ Breakers player's eye dislodged in horrific injury Pizza Hut customer finds workers in the back of empty restaurant in Bristol 'There goes that relationship' Trump's quip to BBC question Shocking CCTV shows car speed into Humber Bridge barrier Heartwarming scene as Grayce shares her puppies with owner Florida couple passed out in their car with two children in the backseat A close look at the huge crack formed across Arizona desert Enraged man punches laptop and quits job during 'meltdown' at airport Bizarre footage of multiple UFOs hovering near Mexican border Alarming moment guy violently pushes man onto tube tracks CCTV shows brave man fighting nunchuck-wielding robbers Inauguration etiquette 101: Escort First Lady up White House steps Comments (20) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome members of the President's cabinet for the first big Shabbat meal at their new DC home  Snapping back into shape! Terry Richardson shares NUDE post-baby bod photo of girlfriend Alexandra 'Skinny' Bolotow Controversial snapper Paula Patton and Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary meet in a Malibu parking lot where the pair appear to communicate through a mediator amid custody battle Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy sweater as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumors Casual look PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Strolling hand-in-hand Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor passes away aged 77 after battling cancer and suffering intestinal complaint Why Jackie O is STILL the First Lady of fashion: A hit film means even more stars trying to copy JFK's widow but they rarely pull it off, says SANDRA HOWARD Mischa Barton says she was drugged while having birthday drinks before meltdown that left her 'screaming about the end of the world' Va va voom! Kendall Jenner sizzles in sheer black gown with thigh-high slit as she leads the stars at Harper's Bazaar event In LA Demi Moore and daughters Tallulah and Scout Willis make for a trio of fashionistas at Harper's Bazaar event Event took place at the Sunset Tower Hotel Revealed: Alan Thicke picked brother over son Robin to care for then-minor son Carter in 2007  The Canadian entertainer died at 69 Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling secretly wed Flashy Nothing to hide! Paris Jackson showcases nipple-piercings as she goes braless in Los Angeles King of Pop's daughter stepped out in LA Bombshell in black and white! Emily Ratajkowski shows off her cleavage in strapless gown for Harper's Bazaar celebration She dazzled 'Two special girls'! Marla Maples shares pointed throwback snap of herself with Ivanka and Tiffany Trump as girls - after Ivanka said she and her stepmother weren't close Red alert! Victoria Justice and Elle Fanning stand out in scarlet at the Harper's Bazaar celebration The two starlets were an arresting sight in red Hilary Duff goes effortlessly chic in double-breasted black pantsuit set at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala Donned a two-piece black pantsuit Cool customer! EJ Johnson rocks hot pink varsity jacket and Daisy Dukes for spot of shopping  Shopping in Beverly Hills at Saks Fifth Avenue Leggy blonde! Courtney Stodden steps out in platform heels and barely there shorts for lunch in Beverly Hills The reality star wore tiny black shorts  Schuyler Sisters of the hit Broadway musical Hamilton will sing America the Beautiful at Super Bowl 51 In Houston, Texas, on February 5 All that glitters! Julianne Hough bares cleavage in sparkling Zuhair Murad outfit at Harper's BAZAAR 150 Most Fashionable Women event Support system! Paul Rudd joins screenwriter wife Julie at Sundance premiere of their new film Fun Mom Dinner Posed at its world premiere  Bra-vo! Heidi Klum puts on an eye-popping display as she ditches a blouse and opts for a plunging blazer at Harper's Bazaar gala Former Victoria's Secret Angel  David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite Pretty in pattern! Jordana Brewster cuts a stylish figure in a navy and white dress for shopping outing with her son Rowan in Beverly Hills Their love is fantastic! Newly-engaged Kate Mara and Jamie Bell beam while hand-in-hand on outing in LA Brokeback Mountain star Gal pals Kristen Stewart and Chloe Grace Moretz spend THIRD day in a row together at gym in LA The 26-year-old Twilight star  Fresh face: Reese Witherspoon looks radiant after treating herself to retail therapy at skin care store Spotted in Beverly Hills, California  'Summer Is Coming': Kelly Rohrbach sizzles and Priyanka Chopra chills in steamy 'moving posters' for upcoming Baywatch film A series of 'moving poster' videos A hat trick of stars! Alyssa Milano, Jon Hamm and Michael J. Fox shine at NHL 100 Gala The event was at the Microsoft Theater at L.A.  Todd Fisher announces joint public memorial service for sister Carrie and mother Debbie Reynolds It's been a sad few weeks for the Fisher family PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Enjoyed a carefree night out with friends in Los Angeles 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumors  'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks 21kg (47lbs) weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy The 19 Kids And Counting star DJ Khaled, John Legend, and Luke Bryan announced as new advisors on The Voice alongside Celine Dion New line-up is revealed for the show 'He joined the Nazi Party': The Young and the Restless star Eric Braeden reveals details about his German father and long career in new memoir The couple that works together: Alanis Morissette and husband Mario 'Souleye' Treadway team up for wintry Snow Angel music video Buxom Pamela Anderson, 49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash Baywatch babe Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA She decided to take her turn at the other end of the camera  Welcome to Pippa's wedding of the year: A marquee for 350 in mum and dad's back garden. A Caribbean honeymoon BEFORE the big day. And a naughty best man Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC She is 34 She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Keeping fit That's certainly one way to catch the Royal eye! ROBERT HARDMAN on how the Queen undertook her first public engagement of 2017 with a celebration of all things Fijian 'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear The 19-year-old reality star Quirk it! Melissa George, 40, flaunts shapely pins in bold silver mini dress complete with hot-pink sleeves as she attends awards gala in Paris No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA A model's work is never done!  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn She's gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny, to a multi-millionaire  As the Queen opens her secret archive for the first time ROBERT HARDMAN is given exclusive access to astonishing revelations about the real George III EXCLUSIVE: Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for makeout sessions during NYC dinner date Fun family yoga! Coco Austin holds her baby girl in the air while resting on her sister's hands and feet in impressive new Instagram pic 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour She bared her taut legs as she posed for a selfie Pictured: William and Kate get $25,000 yew hedge to give their new palace home some privacy  The royal couple have hired gardeners Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat She let fans glimpse how much work goes into getting ready SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Elizabeth Hurley's favorite photographer, son Damian, 14 He took this picture in the Maldives which she shared on social media Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Sharon Stone, 58, shows off her perfect bikini body in a black two-piece on sunshine break  Looked almost ageless Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbors found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back She died aged 22 Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Out in the Big Apple 'I decided to save my own life': Woman, 44, loses 35 KILOS in two years by running and following an alkaline diet... and she says 'anyone can do it' The 'Oh Yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer $175million but he's never even SEEN the movie You look a bit of a plonker in that, Rodders! Rock star Stewart's new look is a little more UK TV star Del Boy chic, as the French say, than millionaire crooner REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips naked to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap She is covered by just a white sheet Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Reportedly uninvited  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Paying respects It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym The beautiful 27-year-old British actress Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 Worn by the 65-year-old actor in the 1992 movie A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Posed on the beach Aloha! Amber Rose showcases curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Not one to usually shy away from showing off her eye-popping figure 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She won't return Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in defamation case Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 The Royals actress Paula Patton claims ex Robin Thicke invited his drug dealer to their son's 5th birthday and that he punched her in court documents as she fights for sole custody  Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school students during Malawi charity trip Shed her usual pop star privileges He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles The DNCE frontman  Katherine Webb is accused of 'body shaming' after she shared an image of her son's bare bottom while stating it is the 'only time butt dimples are cute' Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  She died on Wednesday Rapper Chief Keef is arrested at his million-dollar LA home after his former producer accused the artist of 'assaulting and robbing him with an AK-47' Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram She's looking hotter than ever on social media Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-colored bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Crazy for couture! FEMAIL rounds up the girliest one-of-a-kind gowns from Paris Couture Fashion Week and shows you where to shop equally pretty pieces for much less 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photo of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing The beauty shared images of her injuries Make way for Megyn! NBC 'to revamp the Today show and possibly move Hoda and Kathie Lee from their timeslot when Kelly joins the network' 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set Highly anticipated 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik Swift at her sexiest Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander Dominic and Alicia have worked together before Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches in between takes on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl She is yet to confirm they are expecting a second child As Couture Fashion Week comes to a close, FEMAIL breaks down the street style outfits modeled by Bella Hadid, Olivia Palermo and Kendall Jenner  'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears She captioned the pic: '#Legends #BlondesRule #FBF' Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Gideon and Harper were making cupcakes Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Her character will give fans a closer look into Will's timeline Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project in New York City She is in the city shooting bio-pic Can You Ever Forgive Me? Beauty crash course: Kate Hudson's manicurist shares the surprising household items you can use to create on-trend DIY nail looks this weekend  Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for appearance on The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Judy Garland's remains are dug up from her grave in New York and moved to LA 48 years after her death by her daughter Liza Minnelli  'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on 47lbs for new film Gold Nothing says I love you like bondage rope... Gwyneth Paltrow debuts saucy Valentine's gift guide filled with crude jewelry, risque lingerie and organic condoms Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice The Rich Girl hitmaker gushed: 'There's nobody like Celine' City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman Bristol Palin shares snap of herself testing out new pregnancy pillow given to her by her husband and son, just days after she slammed the Women's March Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Spotted in Los Angeles Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage's disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX He gave a glimpse of his battle with baldness on Thursday 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of fine for dangerous cliff diving During a break in filming on Pacific Rim: Uprising Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after the school run Mother of three kids and a successful actress Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Posing on her Snapchat Story in a sheer top In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day out  Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Hotly anticipated movie Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! A pram fit for a king! Pregnant Cheryl and One Direction's Liam Payne get delivery from Royal family favorite company Preparing Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Logan actor hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Funny clip She's got the moves! Steph Curry's adorable daughter Riley, 4, steals the show again with impromptu dab-off at father's high school jersey retirement Rafael Nadal's girlfriend Xisca Perello joins him for the first time at Australian Open and gives him some VERY close support... as he reaches the final 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organized pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks Is this your shady sitcom star? Tom Arnold tweets about 'weather in Africa' as I'm A Celebrity posts silhouette video that matches Roseanne actor PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  Very excited fans Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes her dog for a walk... amid rumors her relationship with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is over Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live by Night results in $75million loss for Warner Bros Took critical response to Batman v Superman very personally Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North Ultimate bachelorette pad! Mary Tyler Moore's home from her days as Mary Richards goes on sale for $1.7m boasting seven bedrooms, nine bathrooms and SAUNA  Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Shout out to my (other) ex: Perrie Edwards deletes Instagram snap of boyfriend Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain after that nightclub row  Is it over already? Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich, UK Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child, ex Paula Patton and her mother'  Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub Mistakenly named as an Oscar nominee. Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend She took a stroll in West Hollywood Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco Obama is set to cash in on presidency with a reported $20MILLION advance for his memoirs  'Go for more than any president's before it' From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  'Do better!' Lucy Hale is slammed on Twitter after joking about showing off 'baby hairs' in a shoot, prompting many to accuse her of ignorance  Portraits fit for the Queen go up for auction: Pictures of Royals and political leaders by artist who painted Her Majesty while she watched racing on TV  Specs appeal! Baywatch beauty Priyanka Chopra rocks aviator eyeglasses while out in New York City Plays Alex Parrish on the ABC thriller Quantico A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a TV show appearance 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Throwback Thursday! Kristen Bell shares snap of her crying at her 2013 wedding to Dax Shepard The 36-year-old actress wrote: '#tbt to when I cried at our wedding' 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere On the red carpet Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC  She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leaves for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Jetting off 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke Will headline an upcoming ABC thriller  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala Forever associated with his on-screen love affair 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body The 32-year-old reality star  Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  They seem to be serious     DON'T MISS Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore Sharing heartache 'Sorry to offend the black-stretch-pants women of America with a little color': Kellyanne Conway defends her inaugural look after social media mocking  Ivana Trump took a first class flight out of Washington DC just SIX hours after the inauguration to avoid running into Marla Maples Doomed Russian submarine used in Harrison Ford's K-19: the Widowmaker flick is bound for the scrapyard as lawsuit orders its removal from the Providence River  EXCLUSIVE: Allman Brothers Band drummer Butch Trucks shot himself in the head at his beachfront Florida condo in front of his artist wife of 25 years 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today Interview on The Rich Eisen Show Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign For her latest modelling campaign Chris on a bike! Coldplay star Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  Donned a helmet Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia Starred as the title character from 1967 to 1975 'Dreamt about Alexis ... I started crying': Patricia Arquette makes emotional revelation while mourning late sibling who died four months ago EXCLUSIVE: Joanna Krupa ordered to hand over her gynecological records in lawsuit against Brandi Glanville for calling the model's private parts 'smelly' Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Southside With You's Tika Sumpter reveals how her fiancé Nicholas popped the question Christmas day The 36-year-old new mother  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Vacation time She's Coming Out! Diana Ross bundles up in sweats and Uggs for grocery run in Los Angeles She's one legendary vocalists  Better late than never! Aussie actor Brendan Cowell will join the cast of Game Of Thrones in the cult show's final season Seventh season  'Still cancer free!' Flip or Flop's Tarek El Moussa celebrates latest health tests while turmoil continues with estranged wife Christina A tough few months  Oscar-nominee Octavia Spencer homages Mary Tyler Moore in accepting Harvard's Hasty Pudding award Academy Award-winning actress Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Yet to collaborate onscreen Kristen Stewart and former co-star Chloe Grace Moretz hang out in LA for second day in a row They starred in Clouds Of Sils Maria together Casual cool! Alessandra Ambrosio jets back into LA in black sweatsuit after attending Paris Fashion Week It's all in a day's work  RHOBH star Dorit Kemsley flashes her bra in sheer top but adds a fur coat for warmth while out in NYC She is quickly making a name for herself  Rebel with a cause! Aussie actor Wilson gets patriotic as she puts on Australia Day party complete with sausage rolls for her Pitch Perfect co-stars including Ruby Rose Jean genie! Emma Roberts dons double denim as she heads to lunch with fiance Evan Peters following weekend birthday celebrations 'I want this predator off the street': Black-ish star Jenifer Lewis sues gym chain after personal trainer lover  'conned her out of $50K' Lawsuit Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed black hat as she goes sightseeing in Paris... a day after surprise visit to northern France's refugees 'That waist is impossible!': Chloe Lattanzi bares her EXTREMELY lean midsection in a boob tube and hipster jeans sparking debate among fans It's the little things! Cate Blanchett and husband Andrew Upton take two of their big brood for a wintry stroll in New York She is 47 Amber Le Bon flashes her lithe pins in a floaty mini dress as she takes to the decks at Tiffany and Co. Munich bash Arriving at the brand's A New York Minute launch Paris Hilton brings some Hollywood glamour to London as she heads for another night out in blue furry wrap and statement shades Nick Cannon jokes he used to 'stalk' Beyonce in throwback Thursday snap He wrote '@Beyonce was looking at me like "Little Boy Please!!"  Mel's back on the frontline: It's the bloodiest film about a pacifist you'll ever see - and promises to fire director Mel Gibson back to the top of the Hollywood tree Eugenie has a spot of bother: Princess tries (and fails) to hide dark blemish on her top lip as she attends party in London's Mayfair  She was extremely guarded  Street style! Elle Fanning cuts a casual figure at LAX after gracing the cover of Vanity Fair's glamorous Hollywood issue  At the airport No traffic snarls here! Secret Service use just two SUVs for morning run to Barron Trump's school - and no streets are closed along the way PETA power: Animal rights group will protest opening night of A Dog's Life after canine was seen being forced into turbulent water on set, despite stars claims that video is misleading The Bold and The Beautiful to film episodes in Australia in celebration of show's 30th TV anniversary... and to boost tourism Next month 'We weren't the popular kids at school': Ed Sheeran reveals what drives him and BFF Taylor Swift to chart-conquering success Speaking to GQ Brooklyn Beckham looks ready to create some street art as he makes a low-key arrival at exhibition launch  Arriving at the Buster and Punch X Endless Filth show Puppy love! Sofia Richie steps out in brightly coloured ensemble as she carries her pet pooch to lunch in West Hollywood With her pooch Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Leaving LA ith the rest of the Kardashian clan Olivia's band of survivors: Newton-John, Beth Nielsen Chapman and Amy Sky pack an emotional punch on album Liv On New release Star Wars actress Daisy Ridley set to lead historical WWII drama A Woman Of No Importance Paramount Pictures announcement Why Breaking Bad's Bryan is going to be 'mad as hell': Actor to make his London stage debut in theater version of the film Network Treading the boards Winter is coming...this summer! Game Of Thrones season 7 release date 'leaked' online after premiere was pushed back Preparing for the comeback Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Took her nail game to the next level  Now WIRE nails are the latest beauty trend: Manicurist creates incredibly intricate designs out of shaped metal... so would you try it? Sequel that is well worth choo-choo choosing: T2 Trainspotting is a darkly funny follow-up to the original    Director is Danny Boyle  Britney Spears flashes her pelvis tattoos in VERY lowcut sweatpants on Snapchat as she flaunts her figure in selfie shared by her stylist  I'm kicking cancer's a**': Fitness model, 24, diagnosed with aggressive ovarian cancer shares photo showing her hair growing back after chemotherapy 'Much happier' Brad Pitt emerges for solo outing after 'spending more time with his children' amid ugly split from Angelina Jolie In Los Angeles  Julianne Hough flashes some skin in plunging top as she pampers herself at LA salon Sometimes a girl's just got to spend time being pampered Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Two peas in a pod! Amber Heard steps out with lookalike sister Whitney to walk her pups after winning custody of animals in divorce from Depp 'Suicide is a serious issue': Idina Menzel apologizes for saying she wanted to 'slit her own wrists' during interview Faced criticism Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London Made a rare outing  EXCLUSIVE: Mary J. Blige knocks ANOTHER $1 million off her New Jersey mansion as her soon-to-be ex demands $130,000 a month in spousal support Teen Mom star Jenelle Evans shares first pictures of  newborn daughter Ensley Following the birth of her third child on Tuesday she took to Instagram Eating for two! Ciara showcases her growing baby bump in a skintight top as she steps out for dinner in LA First child with husband Russell Wilson Shannen Doherty touches down in New York as she takes to the road to travel and give back as she awaits cancer treatment results  'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Very similar looking 'The stress was too much for my body': Eva Amurri Martino reveals milk supplied reduced after son's accident as she discusses decision to quit breastfeeding Could Kardashians get a place in the blueblood bible? New owner of Burke's Peerage wants it updated for the 21st Century  New accolade? Putting her best foot forward! Kesha rocks schoolgirl mini skirt and thigh-high boots as she travels out of LA The 29-year-old Tik Tok chart-topper  Double duty: Quick change Ali Larter and Milla Jovovich put on a stylish show on film promo tour of New York Busy promoting the latest installment Kourtney Kardashian goes for the sporty look in athletic gear while running errands with Mason The mother of three is always on the move Turning heads on take off! Amber Rose flashes ample cleavage in clingy top as she jets out of LA The 33-year-old was spotted leaving Los Angeles on Thursday How Mary Tyler Moore championed diabetes research: Beloved late actress was the first - and only - high profile celeb to advocate for Type 1 'That hair!' LeAnn Rimes shares a throwback photo of herself as a child star with huge bouffant Today shared an awkward throwback 'There are things in my past that make me sick': Singer from rock band Cheap Girls admits to 'predatory' behavior and abusing the 'artist-fan dynamic' as he announces split A new girl (or boy)! Zooey Deschanel, 37, is expecting her second child with husband Jacob Pechenik Mum to Elsie Otter Showing Bucky what he's missing! Ashley Hart sports a smile and flaunts her fabulous figure in a bikini less than week after split from Buck Palmer A castle headdress, parrot wings and a LOBSTER outfit: Miss Universe contestants strut their stuff in very bizarre 'national costumes' EXCLUSIVE: Last minute hitch in Uma Thurman's custody battle with ex-fiancée Arpad Busson as the actress blows off court appearance for a play Shia LaBeouf is back speaking against Trump after attacking fellow protester live on camera - but now has his mom and wife by his side for support Diana Kruger highlights her endless legs in sheer pink mini-dress with faux fur stole as she attends gala dinner at Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week Shine bright! FEMAIL reveals why you should stop saving your sequins for evenings and start rocking the over-the-top detail in broad daylight Be our guest! Emma Watson stuns in new Beauty And The Beast posters released ahead of the film's final trailer Disney fans are in for quite the treat today Sherri Shepherd's ex-husband Lamar Sally prepares to use her own Christmas card against her in court as bitter child support battle continues She's a rebel! Bella Thorne gets yet ANOTHER piercing on inside of her ear after getting a nipple ring  Already has multiple piercings  Hot new couple The Weeknd and Selena Gomez enjoy fun and games at arcade with pals  The pair headed to Dave & Buster's with friends  'It's easier when you're younger!' Audrina Patridge reveals why she wants to have three babies back-to-back with husband Corey Bohan Courtney Stodden flaunts her ample cleavage as she heads out for dinner with friends Attention-loving blonde, 22, was hard to miss 'It's how I'm wired': Emma Stone talks crippling anxiety which put her in therapy from age 7 as she reveals she dropped out of high school at 15 to act Gwyneth Paltrow the trendsetter wears bizarre wide leg trousers cropped to the ankle on breezy outing in LA  Goop queen  'An incredible milestone': Ivanka Trump shares sweet video of 10-month-old Theodore crawling for the FIRST TIME in the White House Nice ice! Mariah Carey continues to wear James Packer's engagement ring as she and boyfriend Brian Tanaka take her twins out for frozen yoghurt Bella Hadid parades around in skimpy black underwear for Dior make-up tutorial video The 20-year-old model flaunted her endless lean limbs Baywatch babe Kelly Rohrbach swaps her lifeguard suit for a skimpy bikini as she flaunts her buxom bust for new fashion campaign Natalie Portman cradles her bare baby bump in striking Vanity Fair image for magazine's Hollywood Issue Shot by Annie Leibovitz Pregnant Natalie Portman, Amy Adams, Lupita Nyong'o and Emma Stone among A-list actresses showcased in Vanity Fair's Hollywood Issue Iranian actress Taraneh Alidoosti, star of Oscar-nominated The Salesman, vows to boycott awards in protest at Trump's 'racist' visa ban EXCLUSIVE: Omarosa pushed Trump to hire black entertainers for inauguration but he didn't want to because 'black people didn't support me' Oprah coming to a fridge near you! Winfrey set to launch a line of ready-meals to help more people eat healthy after her 42 pound weight loss Nina Dobrev confirms she's returning to The Vampire Diaries for season finale as she shares snap of script for last episode Return of the star  'A lot of secrets are going to come out!': Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie documentary set to 'reveal reasons behind their divorce' To go inside the divorce 'I was scared to death!' Molly Sims describes going into labour with baby Grey after two C-sections Introduced the world to her third child  'Is this an opportunity for a three-way?' Dax Shepard jokes introducing Kristen Bell to her celebrity crush Riz Ahmed came off as X-rated proposition Madeleine Albright and Big Bang Theory's Mayim Bialik say they will register as Muslims in solidarity if Trump creates Islamic database   'I can't wait to sink my teeth into this!' Elton John to co-write musical version of The Devil Wears Prada bound for Broadway Wrote the Lion King  'It hurts... he was my first true love': Chrisley Knows Best star Savannah tearfully reveals split from boyfriend Opened up about split Ali Larter and Milla Jovovich look stunning as they stop by GMA to promote Resident Evil film in NYC Busy promoting the latest installment 'I love you with all my heart': Kim Richards pays tribute to late ex husband Monty Brinson on one year anniversary of his death Gone but not forgotten 'My first sexual encounter was abuse': Thandie Newton reveals she's had candid discussions with her daughters about her assault and racism  On the royal run! Prince Harry dons Lycra leggings as he takes to the streets of London for a jog with young homeless people on a charity visit  Does this prove there's a royal engagement on the way? Meghan Markle's Suits co-star hints she could be 'a future princess of England' Make-up free Calista Flockhart, 52, steps out in rainy Los Angeles to take her teenage son to the barber Took her 16-year-old boy to get his hair cut  Bowled over! Matthew McConaughey blows off some steam at LA bowling alley in between promoting his latest movie Gold Enjoyed some downtime Zayn Malik cuts a low-key figure as he steps out solo in New York... ahead of the video release of Fifty Shades Darker collaboration with Taylor Swift 'There's nothing wrong with a little sag': Kanye's video girl Teyana Taylor showcases her athletic figure in SELF as she discusses her post-baby body Mick Jagger's partner Melanie Hamrick, 29, nips out in New York to go shopping for newborn Deveraux Headed out to a baby store in the Big Apple Feeling the love! Kylie Jenner is going all out for Valentine's Day with an expansive new make-up collection that she calls her 'favorite so far'  Karaoke singing and dancing fit for Strictly: Why La La Land is the Best Picture we deserve in an era that and celebrates the amateur Suited for the Trump era  As the world pays tribute to late actress Mary Tyler Moore, FEMAIL reveals how the star paved the way for fashion-loving women with her bold style  Scarlett Johansson and husband Romain Dauriac hit back at 'split' rumours as they put on a united front at NYC exhibition... but where is her wedding ring?   'I'm going to protect my daughter': Corinne Olympios' mother Peri insists Bachelor 'villain' isn't engaged, a w**** or a slave-owner Biting back That's love all!  Serena Williams blows her fiance Alexis Ohanian a court side kiss at the Australian Open as Reddit co-founder looks on adoringly Lottie Moss flaunts TINY waist as she channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous 'basic b****' meltdown 'I still can't believe Mary Tyler Moore touched my face. Will love her forever': Oprah Winfrey pays tribute to her heroine and relives THAT sweet TV moment EXCLUSIVE: Madonna is trying to adopt four-year-old TWIN SISTERS called Stella and Esther from Malawi A government official told DailyMail.com  And action! Heidi Klum directs sexy photo shoot between two near naked Next Top Model contestants on a bed moving down Hollywood Boulevard Madonna and Matthew McConaughey set to become millionaires (all over again) as investors in Vito Coco, which may be looking to sell for up to $1billion   'We'll do something special': Olivia Newton-John, 68, hints at Grease reunion to mark 40th anniversary of the iconic musical  Delighted fans Up All Night? Louis Tomlinson looks tired as he grabs a coffee in New York... days after split from girlfriend Danielle Campbell is revealed Dressed down  Romee Strijd bares her taut tummy for date with boyfriend Laurens van Leeuwen at Catch LA Just returned from a romantic Mexican getaway Winter's coming! Modern Family star Ariel cuts a casual figure in skinny ripped jeans as she steps out for a pampering session Kept her head down  Flying under the radar? Rita Ora cuts a low-key and casual figure as she lands at London's Heathrow airport Cutting a very casual figure  PICTURED: Moving truck spotted at Bel Air estate of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West... amid ongoing work at duo's Hidden Hills home Baseball beauty Meghan King Edmonds 'will not be returning to Real Housewives of Orange County' Wife of former baseball All-Star Jim Edmonds Agony for George Michael's family as his body has STILL not been released for funeral a month since his death as the coroner awaits toxicology results  A couple that dresses alike: Emily Blunt looks chic in skinny leather trousers and stylish coat as she enjoys dinner with matching husband John Krasinski Mother of former Love & Hip Hop Atlanta reality TV star is FOUND safe at home amid kidnapping fears Police in Georgia were  searching  Lady in red! Queen Letizia is a vision in a figure-hugging gown as she welcomes foreign ambassadors to the palace in Madrid   Impeccably-dressed  Shia LaBeouf is ARRESTED live on camera during anti-Trump livestream after 'getting in a fight with a passing protester'  'I don't think it served our purpose': Cyndi Lauper criticizes Madonna's Women's March speech on WWHL Speaking on Watch What Happens Live It had to be Dunn! Jourdan flaunts her supermodel figure in a plunging black bikini top as she snaps a sizzling selfie Catwalk queen Hello, Norma Jeane! Unique negative of Marilyn Monroe while she was still plain 20-year-old Miss Baker hoping for fame is being sold for $3,700 Doting mum Charlize Theron beams as she joins son Jackson and daughter August on the rides at Disneyland Charlize adopted Jackson in March 2012  Iskra Lawrence displays her peachy posterior and hourglass curves in black lingerie and crop top as she pouts up a storm in new video 'Well that just made my lifetime': Topless Kelly Brook sends Twitter wild over her VERY sexy  commercial aired during Britain's National Television Awards Fancy footwear! Make-up free Drew Barrymore steps out in gold platform heels as she arrives at NYC airport On the promotional trail 'Give up the pursuit for perfection': Size 10 model Iskra Lawrence dismisses airbrushing as she proudly displays her curves in a thong for untouched shoot Taking the plunge! Jamie Chung rocks extremely low-cut one piece and slashed jeans for night out in LA Spotted leaving Delilah after meal  Camilla becomes a plumber! Duchess of Cornwall is made an honorary member of a 650-year-old livery company Honored in London  Shock split! Scarlett Johansson emerges without her wedding ring after 'secretly ending two-year marriage to Frenchman Romain Dauriac' On-the-go: Sofia Vergara wolfs down a snack in between takes while on set for Modern Family In between takes whilst filming the ABC sitcom  Boys' night out! Lamar Odom flashes his silver grillz as he enjoys a night out in West Hollywood post-rehab Lamar Odom was seen beaming on Tuesday  Taking the lead! Sophia Ecclestone, two, takes her pet pooch for a walk... as doting mum Tamara shows off her $10.8k personalized designer bag Leo DiCaprio's girlfriend Nina Agdal goes topless in racy Sports Illustrated Swimsuit photo shoot  She is a seasoned veteran of the magazine  Bryce Dallas Howard cuts a trim figure in clinging black patterned dress while heading to appearance in New York The 35-year-old looked every bit the A-list star AnnaSophia Robb goes make-up free as she steps out with a mystery man in New York City Not the usual trappings of famous actresses  Melania Trump is hiring a team to help her fight back against social media attacks from the likes of Chelsea Handler  Insiders say Marvel at the mini Minogues! Kylie shares adorable Australia Day flashback as sister Dannii joins in posting a retro photo of her own Australian treasures  'Don't let Donald Trump find out': Ellen Pompeo jokes she doesn't want new US President to know she's 'practicing fake medicine' on Grey's Anatomy It's Margot Roo-bie: Australian star posts home as Sophie Monk, Skye Wheatley, Roxy Jacenko and stars share sunny Australia Day posts  'She was a pioneer on television and will be so missed': Carol Burnett leads tributes to Mary Tyler Moore after TV icon dies at 80  Comedic legend 'You've left a legacy that I don't think will be matched in my lifetime': Christine Anu pens moving letter to her 'role model' Michelle Obama Made a name for herself  Television icon Mary Tyler Moore dies aged 80 after 'being on a respirator for more than a week at a Connecticut hospital' Beloved star  Today's headlines Most Read The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome several members of the President's... 'I didn't care. I would do it again': Chilling video shows the moment woman, 65, raised her arms and... Baylor University football players 'committed 52 rapes in four-year period', lawsuit claims Florida teacher is found not guilty of murder after shooting dead her out-of-control ex-husband who pinned... Shocking moment a pick-up truck crashes THROUGH a bus in New York hitting passengers who remarkably walk... Australian Open 2017 Women's final LIVE: Follow Serena Williams vs Venus Williams tennis action from... Mischa Barton says she was drugged while having birthday drinks before meltdown that left her 'screaming... Trump's 'extreme vetting' measures deny visas and immigration to State Sponsors of Terror, end ALL refugee... New recording reveals Republican lawmakers' concerns on how to repeal Obamacare - with warnings against a... Boeing secures $2.1BILLION Pentagon contract for US Air Force order of 15 KC-46 refueling aircraft  The ultra secure, self-destructing 'black phone' Donald Trump SHOULD be using revealed amid claims the... David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new... 'Well there goes that relationship!' President Trump mocks BBC's political editor after 'unbelievably crass'... What a special relationship! Trump gets touchy-feely with Theresa as he declares 'great days lie ahead' and... KATIE HOPKINS: Even Laura, the little killjoy from the BBC, couldn't ruin Donald and Theresa's DC love-in.... I believe in torture – but my Pentagon boss doesn't: Trump says Mad Dog Mattis will not order waterboarding... Trump orders a ‘great rebuilding’ of the military during Pentagon visit following report of new arms to... Theresa and Donald are getting along 'smoothly' despite her 'psychological discomfort' and his 'nervous... Frames around the country that are supposed to feature President Trump's official portrait have been left... Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg slams Trump order to bar foreign aid to health clinics that offer abortions Don't call me Mad Dog, call me Jim: Pentagon chief tries to ditch his Marines nickname (but says he still... Hillary Clinton could have received 835,000 votes from non-citizens, political scientist who authored... First ladies first? Why didn't Trump wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to... 'As far as we're aware, Cold War was long dead': Russian Embassy in UK trolls Theresa May with a POEM after... As President Trump lavished Theresa May with compliments, was that a Jane Austen blush on the Prime... Donald Trump will publish a weekly list of crimes committed by illegal immigrants and will hire 10,000... Trump's cabinet is worth $14 BILLION - so no wonder they're living the lifestyles of the super-rich (down to... Why Jackie O is STILL the First Lady of fashion: A hit film means even more stars trying to copy JFK's widow... 'Life is winning again': Mike Pence fires up anti-abortion activists in Washington march a week on from... MORE HEADLINES MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
MENU All Girls Fantasy Sports Advice Real sports As seen on tv Rankings Everything else Shop Home Animals Current Page The Coen Brothers Have Directed A Super Bowl Ad For The First Time In 15 Years Tweet Rick Chandler 3:32 pm, January 27th, 2017 The Super Bowl commercials to start rolling in, and Sportsgrid is here to give you the lowdown. Yes, spoilers, beware! At approximately $5 million per 30 seconds, companies are going all out to sell you the American Dream … plus there will be snacks. As the new spots come out, we’ll be keeping you up to date right here, and when we get enough full ads we’ll rank ’em. Check back every day until Feb. 5. UPDATES: * Mercedes-Benz The Coen Brothers debut their first Super Bowl ad since 2002. Ya. Just ask Stan Grossman, he’ll tell ya that’s the way to go here. * Yellow Tail is the first Super Bowl ad for wine in 29 years. * Melissa McCarthy is stuck on an ice floe in a Kia. Damn global warming. The Full Ads With films such as Fargo, Raising Arizona and The Big Lebowski, the Coen Brothers are nearly as iconic as Peter Fonda and the 1969 classic Easy Rider. Now the three come together for a Super Bowl commercial. The Coens wrote and directed this one, for Mercedes-Benz, their first since making a Super Bowl ad for H&R Block in 2002. AdWeek: “Peter Fonda plays a critical piece of the storyline, and he’s known as someone who still epitomizes what it is to love driving performance and the open road,” said Drew Slaven, vice president of marketing for Mercedes-Benz USA. “… The film [Easy Rider] component goes back 48 years. We thought there was a nice parallel that was set up between the era of that and what was, in 1967, the beginnings of AMG.” The Coens also directed a spot for Honda 18 years ago. Believe it or not, Mr. Clean is coming up on his 60th anniversary next year. Making his debut in 1958, the Procter & Gamble cleaning product was invented by the owner of a shipping line who needed a non-toxic cleaning product that wouldn’t make his workers sick. Mr. Clean immediately became the top-selling household cleaner on the market. Its mascot, the smiling genie-in-a-cleaning-bottle, has changed little in 59 years — in appearance, anyway. This year Procter & Gamble has introduced a new, sexy Mr. Clean, a detergent gigolo who just may seduce your wife if you’re not vigilant. In its Super Bowl debut, Procter & Gamble gives us the new Mr. Clean. I feel a little ill: Skittles checks in with their new ad, and it’s an upgrade from last year’s bizarre Steven Tyler nightmare-inducer. “Katy! …” Yellow Tail got around Anheuser-Busch’s exclusive rights to alcohol advertising in the Big Game by doing this regional ad, which will be seen in 80 percent of the country. TurboTax is back for the fourth consecutive year with a 45-second spot, starring Humpty Dumpty. Wix would like to remind you that it’s easy to make your own stunning web site. Although what that has to do with busting up a restaurant is unclear. Intel apparently thinks that people will watch Tom Brady do anything — even brush his teeth before eating a pancake off of the floor. After taking it away from a dog. I would have re-thought this one. Teaser Trailers Febreze is another Procter & Gamble product, this one which probes the phenomenon of the Halftime Bathroom break. Includes stock footage of a buffalo stampede so you know its good. We don’t know exactly how this is going to work, but Snickers‘ 30-second spot will be live to lead off the third quarter of the game. It will feature Adam Driver (Kylo Ren in Star Wars: The Force Awakens, and be preceded by a 36-hour livestream, at SnickersLive.com (noon ET on Thursday, Feb. 2, until midnight Friday night. Here are four teasers, combined for your convenience. None of it makes any sense so far. GoDaddy is under new management (a new ad agency), and is back after skipping Super Bowl 50. According to AdAge, the ad will go like this: “In GoDaddy’s commercial, we will be introduced to the ‘Internet,’ who is covered in tattoos of web references, like Wi-Fi symbols, memes and floppy discs. The 30-second game day spot will include a look inside the house of the ‘Internet’ and will feature a song made popular by the internet. While most of the references included in the commercial will be recognizable to a broad audience, there will be some more obscure references hidden throughout.” Avocados From Mexico is back, and the ad — to be shown during the first commercial break of the game — will focus on the avocado being a health food. Since more avocados are consumed during the Super Bowl than during any other time of the year, it’s surprising that AFM have only been in the past three big games. Here’s the teaser trailer, featuring Jon Lovitz: Kia is going to make you wait awhile to see what’s chasing Melissa McCarthy. In another trailer, she’s stuck on an iceberg. PepsiCo will be touting its line of bottled water products, Lifewtr, with its Inspiration Drops spot. Featured will be a song by John Legend. Not participating this year Butterfinger, Doritos, Mini USA, SunTrust, Taco Bell, Toyota, Visa. Heinz, which gave us the entertaining Weiner Stampede during last year’s game, is also not returning to the Super Bowl. But they saved a few mil by running an ad right after the game, and releasing an extended version online (which may be the wave of the future). Heinz has started a petition to make the day after the Super Bowl and national holiday. Thanks to AdWeek, AdAge, USA Today, Super Bowl Ads. tags: Super Bowl 51 Super Bowl Commercials super bowl li Tweet More from SportsGrid What We Know About The Super Bowl Commercials So Far Snickers Will Air The First-Ever Live Super Bowl Ad, Starring Kylo Ren Super Bowl Ad Roundup: This New Mr. Clean Is Very Disturbing And It Looks Like We’ve Got Our First Banned Super Bowl Ad … Because Trump This Dog Who Correctly Predicted Every NFL Playoff Winner Is A Good Boy! Yes He Is! Yes He Is! Former Cowboys Star Surprises NFL Fan With Super Bowl Sleepover Contest newsletter Send us A Tip! × Send us A Tip! Your Name (required) Your Email (required) Subject Your Message 
				 VIDEOS DailyRoto Benny “The Eagle”, Vol. 12: Green Bars and High Scores NBA DFS Thursday NBA DFS Wednesday: Enter the Dragon 每日幻想籃球週二：Kung Powell DFS PGA: 2017 Farmers Insurance Open DraftKings Picks & Preview NBA DFS Monday: Kawhi Not? RotoExperts A short return and a missed cut for Tiger Woods A look at the key players in the Super Bowl Evgenia Medvedeva wins gold for 2nd straight European title 'Hamilton' cast to sing at Super Bowl 51 History of Minnesota Vikings in the Pro Bowl
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Chilton Investment Co. LLC Increases Position in Liberty Global PLC (LILA) Boston Private Wealth LLC Raises Stake in Unilever PLC (UL) K2 Principal Fund L.P. Invests $546,000 in Patriot National, Inc. (PN) Chilton Investment Co. LLC Has $2,543,000 Stake in First of Long Island Corp (FLIC) K2 Principal Fund L.P. Purchases Shares of 5,680 CBOE Holdings, Inc. (CBOE) Boston Private Wealth LLC Has $10,862,000 Position in Discovery Communications, Inc. (DISCA) Boston Private Wealth LLC Acquires 18,064 Shares of Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) 260,000 Shares in Oshkosh Corporation (OSK) Acquired by Scopus Asset Management L.P. Reynolds American Inc (RAI) Shares Bought by Jane Street Group LLC Pretium Resources, Inc. (PVG) Position Lowered by Jane Street Group LLC Jane Street Group LLC Takes Position in HDFC Bank Limited (HDB) USA Truck, Inc. (USAK) Shares Bought by Kernodle & Katon Asset Management Group LLC Kernodle & Katon Asset Management Group LLC Invests $304,000 in IBERIABANK Corporation (IBKC) Scopus Asset Management L.P. Purchases New Stake in Gaming and Leisure Properties, Inc. (GLPI) Intra-Cellular Therapies Inc. (ITCI) Shares Sold by Redmile Group LLC Jackson Square Partners LLC Cuts Position in LendingClub Corporation (LC) Jackson Square Partners LLC Sells 7,255 Shares of Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Ltd. (TSM) Jackson Square Partners LLC Cuts Position in DineEquity, Inc (DIN) BP p.l.c. (BP) Shares Bought by EP Wealth Advisors Inc. EP Wealth Advisors Inc. Reduces Stake in Tesla Motors, Inc. (TSLA) Bank of Hawaii Has $12,657,000 Stake in Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG) January 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Bank of Hawaii boosted its stake in Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) by 0.4% during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 141,021 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 591 shares during the period. Procter & Gamble Company (The) comprises about 1.2% of Bank of Hawaii’s portfolio, making the stock its 18th largest position. Bank of Hawaii’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Company (The) were worth $12,657,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of PG. Financial Architects Inc boosted its stake in Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 39.8% in the second quarter. Financial Architects Inc now owns 7,109 shares of the company’s stock valued at $602,000 after buying an additional 2,025 shares during the period. RidgeWorth Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 20.5% in the second quarter. RidgeWorth Capital Management LLC now owns 1,488,391 shares of the company’s stock worth $126,186,000 after buying an additional 252,832 shares during the period. Acadian Asset Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 12.7% in the second quarter. Acadian Asset Management LLC now owns 4,679,269 shares of the company’s stock worth $396,194,000 after buying an additional 528,466 shares during the period. Private Asset Management Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 2.6% in the third quarter. Private Asset Management Inc. now owns 79,440 shares of the company’s stock worth $7,130,000 after buying an additional 2,039 shares during the period. Finally, Independent Franchise Partners LLP boosted its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 1.9% in the third quarter. Independent Franchise Partners LLP now owns 4,277,830 shares of the company’s stock worth $383,935,000 after buying an additional 81,713 shares during the period. 68.44% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE:PG) traded down 0.16% on Friday, hitting $86.46. The stock had a trading volume of 3,747,058 shares. The company has a 50-day moving average of $84.88 and a 200 day moving average of $85.98. Procter & Gamble Company has a 12 month low of $79.10 and a 12 month high of $90.33. The company has a market cap of $221.03 billion, a PE ratio of 15.84 and a beta of 0.59. Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Friday, January 20th. The company reported $1.08 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.06 by $0.02. The company earned $16.90 billion during the quarter. Procter & Gamble Company (The) had a return on equity of 18.58% and a net margin of 23.44%. The firm’s revenue was down .3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $1.04 earnings per share. On average, analysts predict that Procter & Gamble Company will post $3.85 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Investors of record on Friday, January 20th will be given a dividend of $0.6695 per share. This represents a $2.68 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.09%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, January 18th. Procter & Gamble Company (The)’s dividend payout ratio is currently 48.73%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Bank of Hawaii Has $12,657,000 Stake in Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG)” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/27/bank-of-hawaii-has-12657000-stake-in-procter-gamble-company-the-pg.html. A number of brokerages have recently commented on PG. Citigroup Inc. boosted their target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) from $100.00 to $102.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday. Jefferies Group LLC set a $99.00 target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Monday. B. Riley restated a “buy” rating and set a $106.00 target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) in a report on Monday. Wells Fargo & Company restated a “market perform” rating on shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) in a report on Saturday, January 21st. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, fifteen have assigned a hold rating and eleven have given a buy rating to the stock. Procter & Gamble Company (The) currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $89.52. In related news, insider Price Matthew sold 3,081 shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, November 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $86.90, for a total transaction of $267,738.90. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 14,962 shares in the company, valued at $1,300,197.80. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, insider Marc S. Pritchard sold 47,252 shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, January 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $87.14, for a total value of $4,117,539.28. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 151,643 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $13,214,171.02. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders have sold 107,470 shares of company stock valued at $9,374,311. 0.35% of the stock is owned by company insiders. About Procter & Gamble Company (The) The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News HBK Investments L P Acquires New Position in UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH) Advantus Capital Management Inc Continues to Hold Position in W.W. Grainger, Inc. (GWW) Advantus Capital Management Inc Purchases 100 Shares of Waters Corporation (WAT) Advantus Capital Management Inc Sells 459 Shares of Citizens Financial Group, Inc. (CFG) Vornado Realty Trust (VNO) Stake Maintained by Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. Has $245,000 Stake in Worthington Industries, Inc. (WOR) Advantus Capital Management Inc Purchases 330 Shares of FirstEnergy Corporation (FE) Nike, Inc. (NKE) Shares Bought by Advantus Capital Management Inc OMERS ADMINISTRATION Corp Has $516,000 Stake in Westar Energy, Inc. (WR) OMERS ADMINISTRATION Corp Invests $557,000 in Heartland Express, Inc. (HTLD) Owens & Minor, Inc. (OMI) Position Raised by Two Sigma Advisers LP United Services Automobile Association Buys 7,221 Shares of Ventas, Inc. (VTR) Hsbc Holdings PLC Boosts Stake in Murphy Oil Corporation (MUR) HighTower Advisors LLC Lowers Stake in Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc. (VRX) AZZ Inc. (AZZ) Stake Lowered by HighTower Advisors LLC Hub Group, Inc. (HUBG) Stake Raised by HighTower Advisors LLC Lattice Semiconductor Corporation (LSCC) Position Maintained by United Services Automobile Association United Services Automobile Association Has $8,448,000 Stake in Essendant Inc. (ESND) El Paso Electric Company (EE) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.31 Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc. (EBMT) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.08 Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG) Shares Sold by Spero Smith Investment Advisers Inc. OH January 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Spero Smith Investment Advisers Inc. OH cut its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) by 4.1% during the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 16,408 shares of the company’s stock after selling 706 shares during the period. Procter & Gamble Company (The) makes up about 2.0% of Spero Smith Investment Advisers Inc. OH’s holdings, making the stock its 23rd largest position. Spero Smith Investment Advisers Inc. OH’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Company (The) were worth $1,473,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 1.8% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 167,926,302 shares of the company’s stock valued at $14,218,321,000 after buying an additional 3,029,476 shares in the last quarter. Capital World Investors raised its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 0.7% in the second quarter. Capital World Investors now owns 53,097,172 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,495,738,000 after buying an additional 376,640 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 5.5% in the second quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 37,893,606 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,208,452,000 after buying an additional 1,964,364 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Group LTD raised its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 1.1% in the second quarter. BlackRock Group LTD now owns 23,158,248 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,960,808,000 after buying an additional 249,455 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Cohen & Steers Inc. raised its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 10,454.9% in the second quarter. Cohen & Steers Inc. now owns 20,623,882 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,473,320,000 after buying an additional 20,428,486 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 68.44% of the company’s stock. Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE:PG) opened at 86.60 on Friday. Procter & Gamble Company has a 52 week low of $79.10 and a 52 week high of $90.33. The stock has a market cap of $221.39 billion, a P/E ratio of 15.87 and a beta of 0.59. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $84.88 and a 200-day moving average price of $85.98. Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Friday, January 20th. The company reported $1.08 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.06 by $0.02. The firm earned $16.90 billion during the quarter. Procter & Gamble Company (The) had a net margin of 23.44% and a return on equity of 18.58%. The business’s revenue was down .3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the company posted $1.04 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Procter & Gamble Company will post $3.85 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Investors of record on Friday, January 20th will be paid a $0.6695 dividend. This represents a $2.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.09%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, January 18th. Procter & Gamble Company (The)’s payout ratio is currently 48.73%. WARNING: “Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG) Shares Sold by Spero Smith Investment Advisers Inc. OH” was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/27/procter-gamble-company-the-pg-shares-sold-by-spero-smith-investment-advisers-inc-oh.html. PG has been the subject of several analyst reports. B. Riley reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $106.00 target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) in a research report on Monday, November 21st. Vetr raised Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $92.75 target price for the company in a research report on Tuesday, October 4th. RBC Capital Markets set a $76.00 target price on Procter & Gamble Company (The) and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, January 2nd. Argus raised Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and raised their target price for the stock from $88.54 to $103.00 in a research report on Wednesday, October 12th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) lowered Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “neutral” rating to a “sell” rating and lowered their target price for the stock from $86.00 to $77.00 in a research report on Monday, January 9th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, fifteen have issued a hold rating and eleven have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $89.52. In other Procter & Gamble Company (The) news, insider Jeffrey K. Schomburger sold 36,227 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 24th. The shares were sold at an average price of $87.50, for a total transaction of $3,169,862.50. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, insider Marc S. Pritchard sold 47,252 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, January 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $87.14, for a total transaction of $4,117,539.28. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 151,643 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $13,214,171.02. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders sold 107,470 shares of company stock valued at $9,374,311. 0.35% of the stock is owned by insiders. About Procter & Gamble Company (The) The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Digital Realty Trust, Inc. (DLR) Forecasted to Post FY2016 Earnings of $5.73 Per Share FY2016 Earnings Estimate for Discovery Communications, Inc. Issued By FBR & Co (DISCA) KeyCorp Equities Analysts Raise Earnings Estimates for Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation (COG) First Merchants Corporation (FRME) Hits New 12-Month High Following Strong Earnings General Dynamics Corporation (GD) Reaches New 1-Year High After Better-Than-Expected Earnings SS&C Technologies Holdings, Inc. (SSNC) Short Interest Update Brokerages Set Alliant Energy Corporation (LNT) PT at $39.50 Dime Community Bancshares, Inc. (DCOM) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 2nd Idera Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (IDRA) Short Interest Update Analysts Anticipate Reis, Inc (REIS) to Announce $0.04 Earnings Per Share Zacks: Brokerages Set $39.50 Target Price for Home Bancorp, Inc. (HBCP) BancFirst Corporation (BANF) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts DXP Enterprises, Inc. (DXPE) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Equities Analysts Set Expectations for American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings, Inc.’s FY2016 Earnings (AXL) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Regency Centers Corporation’s FY2016 Earnings (REG) Baker Hughes Incorporated (BHI) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 2nd SJW Corporation (SJW) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 2nd Deutsche Bank AG Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Inmarsat Plc (ISAT) NeuroMetrix, Inc. (NURO) Sees Large Volume Increase Following Earnings Beat Brokerages Expect Sparton Corporation (SPA) to Post $0.25 Earnings Per Share High Point Bank & Trust Co. Has $1,405,000 Position in Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG) January 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet High Point Bank & Trust Co. maintained its stake in Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 15,658 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the third quarter. High Point Bank & Trust Co.’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Company (The) were worth $1,405,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other hedge funds have also added to or reduced their stakes in PG. Cohen & Steers Inc. raised its stake in Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 10,454.9% in the second quarter. Cohen & Steers Inc. now owns 20,623,882 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,473,320,000 after buying an additional 20,428,486 shares in the last quarter. Emerald Acquisition Ltd. purchased a new stake in Procter & Gamble Company (The) during the second quarter worth about $426,390,000. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its stake in Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 1.8% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 167,926,302 shares of the company’s stock worth $14,218,321,000 after buying an additional 3,029,476 shares in the last quarter. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA raised its stake in Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 198.8% in the third quarter. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA now owns 4,367,095 shares of the company’s stock worth $391,947,000 after buying an additional 2,905,755 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA raised its stake in Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 33.9% in the second quarter. Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA now owns 9,700,307 shares of the company’s stock worth $821,325,000 after buying an additional 2,454,215 shares in the last quarter. 68.44% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE:PG) opened at 86.60 on Friday. The company has a market capitalization of $221.39 billion, a P/E ratio of 15.87 and a beta of 0.59. Procter & Gamble Company has a 12-month low of $79.10 and a 12-month high of $90.33. The company’s 50 day moving average is $84.88 and its 200 day moving average is $85.98. Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) last released its quarterly earnings data on Friday, January 20th. The company reported $1.08 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $1.06 by $0.02. Procter & Gamble Company (The) had a net margin of 23.44% and a return on equity of 18.58%. The business had revenue of $16.90 billion for the quarter. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $1.04 EPS. The firm’s revenue was down .3% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts expect that Procter & Gamble Company will post $3.85 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Shareholders of record on Friday, January 20th will be paid a $0.6695 dividend. This represents a $2.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.09%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, January 18th. Procter & Gamble Company (The)’s payout ratio is currently 48.73%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “High Point Bank & Trust Co. Has $1,405,000 Position in Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG)” was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/27/high-point-bank-trust-co-has-1405000-position-in-procter-gamble-company-the-pg.html. A number of equities research analysts have recently issued reports on the stock. B. Riley restated a “buy” rating and set a $106.00 price target on shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) in a report on Monday. Wells Fargo & Company restated a “market perform” rating on shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) in a report on Thursday, December 1st. Citigroup Inc. boosted their price target on shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) from $100.00 to $102.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday. Vetr lowered shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $88.43 price target on the stock. in a report on Tuesday, December 13th. Finally, RBC Capital Markets set a $76.00 price target on shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, January 2nd. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, fifteen have assigned a hold rating and eleven have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $89.52. In other Procter & Gamble Company (The) news, insider Price Matthew sold 3,081 shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, November 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $86.90, for a total value of $267,738.90. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 14,962 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,300,197.80. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, SVP Valarie L. Sheppard sold 20,910 shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, January 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $87.00, for a total transaction of $1,819,170.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the senior vice president now directly owns 37,835 shares in the company, valued at approximately $3,291,645. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders sold 107,470 shares of company stock worth $9,374,311. Insiders own 0.35% of the company’s stock. About Procter & Gamble Company (The) The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Cookies policy New Scientist SUBSCRIBE AND SAVE 48% MANAGE MY ACCOUNT STUDENT Schools and universities GIVE A GIFT MENU HOME NEWS TECHNOLOGY SPACE PHYSICS HEALTH EARTH HUMANS LIFE TOPICS EVENTS JOBS Subscribe SEARCH LOG IN Email address Password } Create an account Forgotten password Activate/Link subscription OpenAthens login Advertisement Advertisement Last chance to book! The world of Galileo: Eight days in Italy to discover the science of the Renaissance Home The secret science in your home The secret science in your home 6 October 2016 Sponsored by Fabric care: the secret revolution Fabric care used to be just about stain removal. Now clever chemistry can also keep clothes looking newer for longer Frederic Chapentier/Getty P&G Advertising Feature YOU’RE probably familiar with the life cycle of a T-shirt. At first, you wear it with pride, perhaps washing it reluctantly to preserve its newness. But as the lustre fades, you demote it to house wear before eventually consigning its faded glory to the back of the wardrobe. Advertisement Washing plays a key role in this life cycle. Improper washing may cause colours to fade, fabrics to stretch and seams to break. It’s easy to feel that your cherished outfits deserve better. Why should washing new clothes provoke such anxiety? The answer is that it needn’t. The technology to keep clothes looking new for longer is already in the detergents and fabric conditioners developed by scientists at P&G, one of the world’s leading consumer goods companies. In a leafy campus in Brussels, some 600 scientists and engineers from 40 countries are developing and testing a new generation of fabric care products that are changing the way people think about their clothes and how they care for them. “The new generation of detergents is improving the world, one wash at a time“ At the heart of this is the smart chemistry in P&G’s detergents, like that in the Ariel Pod (above). These contain surfactants, long stringy molecules that bind to water at one end and oily substances at the other. Aided by agitation during a wash, these help to break up fatty stains, lift them off fabric and lock them in the water ready to be rinsed away. But other types of stains are more stubborn, some foods and body fluids for example. So detergents also include enzymes, biomolecules that can attack the offending grime. They include proteases that break down proteins, lipases that fragment fats and oils, as well as amylases that carve up carbohydrates. Water is crucial for hydration but it can also hinder the cleaning process. Hard water, full of metal ions, can neutralise surfactants, so detergents usually contain water softeners, known as builders and chelating agents, which take metal ions out of circulation. Finally, special polymers keep dirt suspended during the wash cycle, helping to prevent redeposition and the greying of clothes this can cause. Cool chemistry P&G’s detergents also contain “optical enhancers” that are deposited on fabrics making them look whiter and brighter. Dr Neil Lant, a research fellow at P&G’s Newcastle Innovation Centre in the UK and his colleagues are on a mission to challenge what’s possible by designing detergents that deliver powerful stain removal and keep that T-shirt looking good too. “Detergents need to clean and keep clothes looking newer for longer,” he says. The team search for ways to make key ingredients work better in colder and quicker washes. For example, they have created an amylase which works at 15 °C. This involved P&G partnering with Danish biotech company Novozymes to redesign an existing enzyme that preferred higher temperatures. The job of P&G’s researchers is complicated by trends in the fashion industry to use more synthetic fabrics. Since 1990, polyester has been replacing cotton as the most common clothing fibre because of its low cost and durability. More recently, the trend for figure-hugging and sporty-looking casual clothes – “athleisure” wear – has introduced more elastane, or Lycra®, into clothing. “The big problem with these synthetics is that they are magnets for grime and bad odours,” says Lant. Anything oily sticks strongly to synthetic fibres, including the 20 grams of greasy sebum that an adult’s skin produces every day. Elastane fibres are also prone to damage from limescale encrustations leading to a loss of “stretchiness”. Ariel’s advanced liquid formulas, with chelant technology, are designed to help prevent hard water mineral damage, a key cause of sagging. It’s a wrap All this smart chemistry has to be carefully packaged. The latest of P&G’s detergents is the Ariel 3-in-1 pod, which delivers just 28 millilitres of detergent per wash, half the standard dose. It took 8 years to create, yielded 50 patents and was tested on 8 tonnes of washing. The pod is made of polyvinyl alcohol film, which is soluble in water. This must be strong enough to survive shipping, stable enough to survive months in storage and yet quick to dissolve in a washing machine. “That meant we needed a detergent with a low water content,” says Annick Vandeputte, senior scientist at P&G’s Brussels Innovation Center. “Less than 10 per cent of what’s in there is water.” The pod keeps ingredients apart in three chambers until the moment they combine in the wash. The pods are a hit with consumers who want clothes to look new for longer and are easier for the less experienced, such as students, and for the elderly and visually impaired who may have trouble measuring out quantities. There are other advantages too. An important goal for P&G is sustainability – a super compact pod uses less detergent for each wash and colder, quicker washes are better for your clothes and use less energy too. For Lant, Vandeputte and their colleagues, that’s important: their new generation of detergents is improving the world, one wash at a time. And keeping your T-shirts looking newer for longer. Age protection The fabric conditioner Lenor makes clothes softer and smell fresher. But it has another crucial role, says Dr Renae Fossum, principal scientist at P&G’s Cincinnati Fabric and Home Care Innovation Center in Ohio. It protects garments against ageing. Lenor is relatively simple chemically. It has a water-loving head atop a long, fatty tail. When dispersed in water, these molecules form spherical vesicles with the heads on the outside and the fatty tails inside. “When the vesicles touch a fibre, they break and spread out to form a lubricating layer,” says Fossum. This has multiple benefits. “It reduces the friction between fibres so they can return to their original positions more easily,” says Fossum. This process helps garments keep their shape. It also stops fibres, especially cottons, from splitting and creating fuzz. And it maintains the colour vibrancy. That’s because much of the colour fade from washing isn’t the result of dye loss but increased scattering of light reflected from damaged and disordered fibres. This causes the fabric to look duller and lose its sheen. Lenor combats this by helping to keep fibres smoother and aligned, so that light reflects uniformly from them. This helps keep the colours bright and vivid. And it helps keep clothes looking new for longer. Unconditioned fibres reflect light haphazardly making colours dull   Smoother, conditioned fibres reflect light clearly making colours vibrant More at: www.pg.co.uk This article appeared in print under the headline “Fabric care: the secret revolution” More on these topics: chemistry Advertisement Magazine issue 3094, published 8 October 2016 Download Buy In Print Subscribe Previous article Fabric care: the secret revolution Next article Some languages die – get over it Advertisement Sign up to our newsletter Enter your email address to get started Contact us FAQ About us Who’s who Advertise with us Advertise jobs with us Privacy and terms Write for us Science jobs Dating Shop RSS feeds Syndication information Events Travel The Collection Subscribe Account settings Gift subscriptions Student subscriptions Educational subscriptions Corporate subscriptions © Copyright Reed Business Information Ltd. Back to top
Cookies policy New Scientist SUBSCRIBE AND SAVE 48% MANAGE MY ACCOUNT STUDENT Schools and universities GIVE A GIFT MENU HOME NEWS TECHNOLOGY SPACE PHYSICS HEALTH EARTH HUMANS LIFE TOPICS EVENTS JOBS Subscribe SEARCH LOG IN Email address Password } Create an account Forgotten password Activate/Link subscription OpenAthens login Advertisement Advertisement Last chance to book! The world of Galileo: Eight days in Italy to discover the science of the Renaissance Home The secret science in your home The secret science in your home 25 January 2017 Sponsored by Nappy tech: inspired by babies A layered approach to child care – the humble nappy goes high tech NOT many research facilities have walls decorated with giant bumble bees and paddling ducklings. Nor do they tend to distract their study subjects with colourful slides and miniature shopping trolleys. Pampers – the first brand to widely introduce disposable nappy technology – has been understanding the needs of parents and babies to create new innovation for over 50 years. At the P&G Nappy Research and Development Centre in Schwalbach, Germany, around 250 researchers, part of a global team of over 800 scientists, ranging from dermatologists and chemists to material engineers, are designing the nappies of the future. The creative power of this team has enabled P&G to file more than 5000 nappy-improving patents. Babies in motion: 3D scanning Disposable nappies have changed beyond measure since their beginnings in the late 1940s. Their chief purpose, however, remains the same: to minimise leaks and keep skin dry and healthy and babies comfortable. Advertisement To help achieve this, babies and toddlers are regularly invited to the child-friendly research suite at Schwalbach. The shape, fit and movement of their nappies are observed as they play. Detailed measurements are made in a large 3D scanner, consisting of 20 synchronised cameras arranged around a platform. Down the corridor is a specialised lab where dermatologists measure skin pH and loss of water from the skin as part of their efforts to minimise skin irritation. Researchers also give packets of nappies to 1,200 families a week. These may be experimental designs or existing products. Parents are asked to keep a diary of how each performs, detailing such things as leaks, shape changes and dryness and condition of the skin. This feedback is combined with the properties of materials in nappies, such as elasticity and absorbency, to create computer models of new designs. These are used to calculate the chances of a leak or excessive sagging, for example. “We can assess 20 virtual nappy prototypes and eliminate all but two or three,” says Dr Frank Wiesemann, P&G Principal Baby Care Scientist. “We then test those fully, rather than testing all 20.” Channelling innovation Schwalbach plays a key role in delivering major innovations in nappy design. Below the permeable sheet next to the baby’s skin, for example, most nappies have a polymeric “acquisition layer” that draws urine away from the skin. P&G’s scientists have added a second “distribution layer” to Pampers nappies, which disperses liquid around the nappy so it can be absorbed more efficiently. This is mostly made of cellulose, long thin fibres extracted from wood pulp. P&G treats them to create short “cross links” that strengthen the fibres (see graphic). This helps the nappy absorb quickly, even when a child sits on it when it’s full. Liquid flows along gaps between the closely bound cellulose strands which act like capillary tubes. “You need active distribution of the urine, whichever position the baby is in,” says senior P&G scientist Dr Ute Fröhlich. “Capillary forces between the cellulose fibres are high, so urine can move rapidly even against gravity.” Most of the liquid then passes to the absorbent core layer of the nappy. Until recently, the core of a Pampers nappy resembled those of some other brands: a mixture of cellulose and particles of super absorbent polymer capable of soaking up huge amounts of liquid relative to its own weight. The idea was that the cellulose initially soaks up the urine and the super absorbent polymer dries out the cellulose. However, it is impossible to dry out the cellulose completely, so urine can be released back under pressure. To deal with this, P&G developed a new super absorbent polymer that absorbs and distributes urine more quickly, allowing them to eliminate cellulose from the core. This has cut the weight of a single Pampers by around 5 grams, or 16 per cent, which is good for children. In a study funded by P&G, psychologists at New York University showed that, compared with cloth nappies, thin disposables help toddlers to keep their feet, reducing stumbles and falls. Some super absorbent polymers can take up hundreds of times their own weight in liquid, but P&G has constrained the new version to absorb between 20 and 30 times its weight. As a result, the particles do not merge into a single jelly-like blob. They stay as individual spheres even when saturated, so that any extra urine can flow past them to be absorbed elsewhere. Innovation doesn’t end there. Some nappies leak as a result of losing their shape when worn by active infants. To minimise this, P&G recently shaped the core into three absorbing channels to help the nappy keep its shape. Finally, faeces are trickier to deal with than urine. Clinical studies have shown that the enzymes in faeces can be aggressive on baby skin, especially when activated by high pH urines. So quick removal of faeces from the skin reduces risk of nappy rash. To improve performance, a Pampers Premium Protection nappy has a top sheet that has little conical apertures, allowing faeces to get into the core instead of spreading on top. This reduces faeces contact with the skin. “When I chose to study chemistry I didn’t set out to become a poo and wee expert,” says Fröhlich. “What I didn’t realise then was quite how much amazing science there is in the modern nappy.” From waste to worth: towards a circular economy FOR over 25 years, Pampers has been integrating sustainable thinking into its R&D and manufacturing programs. The result is thinner, lighter nappies that give babies greater manoeuvrability and have less environmental impact. Nevertheless, 170 billion nappies are thrown away annually and Pampers is committed to diverting nappies away from landfill. Which is why P&G has joined forces with its Italian partner, Fater, to develop a plant that recycles disposable nappies with other absorbent hygiene products (AHPs). The plant, in Treviso, Italy, can process 10,000 tonnes of waste a year. That’s 65 million nappies. AHP waste is fed into a chamber where pressurised steam sterilises it and neutralises odours. Cellulose and super absorbing polymers are then separated for reuse in other industries. “It is the only such recycling site in Europe and the most advanced worldwide,” says Dr Ioannis Hatzopoulos, P&G Sustainability Communications. More at: www.pg.co.uk This article appeared in print under the headline “Nappy tech: inspired by babies” Advertisement Magazine issue 3110, published 28 January 2017 Download Buy In Print Subscribe Previous article Village’s crane guests seen from a ‘grain’s point of view’ Next article Diaper tech: inspired by babies Advertisement Sign up to our newsletter Enter your email address to get started Contact us FAQ About us Who’s who Advertise with us Advertise jobs with us Privacy and terms Write for us Science jobs Dating Shop RSS feeds Syndication information Events Travel The Collection Subscribe Account settings Gift subscriptions Student subscriptions Educational subscriptions Corporate subscriptions © Copyright Reed Business Information Ltd. Back to top
MENU All Girls Fantasy Sports Advice Real sports As seen on tv Rankings Everything else Shop Home Animals Current Page Super Bowl Ad Roundup: This New Mr. Clean Is Very Disturbing Tweet Rick Chandler 3:38 pm, January 26th, 2017 The Super Bowl commercials to start rolling in, and Sportsgrid is there — giving you the lowdown on the latest ads. At approximately $5 million per 30 seconds, companies are going all out to sell you their wares — one might call this the Super Bowl of TV advertising. Wait, what? As the new spots come out, we’ll be keeping you up to date right here, and when we get enough full ads we’ll rank ’em. Check back every day until Feb. 5. UPDATES: * Febreeze The Halftime Bathroom Break is threatening to pollute America, and only Febreeze can save us. * Mr. Clean The full ad is out today, and baby it’s hot … for the ladies. The Full Ads Believe it or not, Mr. Clean is coming up on his 60th anniversary next year. Making his debut in 1958, the Procter & Gamble cleaning product was invented by the owner of a shipping line who needed a non-toxic cleaning product that wouldn’t make his workers sick. Mr. Clean immediately became the top-selling household cleaner on the market. Its mascot, the smiling genie-in-a-cleaning-bottle, has changed little in 59 years — in appearance, anyway. This year Procter & Gamble has introduced a new, sexy Mr. Clean, a detergent gigolo who just may seduce your wife if you’re not vigilant. In its Super Bowl debut, Procter & Gamble gives us the new Mr. Clean. I feel a little ill: Skittles checks in with their new ad, and it’s an upgrade from last year’s bizarre Steven Tyler nightmare-inducer. “Katy! …” TurboTax is back for the fourth consecutive year with a 45-second spot, starring Humpty Dumpty. Wix would like to remind you that it’s easy to make your own stunning web site. Although what that has to do with busting up a restaurant is unclear. Intel apparently thinks that people will watch Tom Brady do anything — even brush his teeth before eating a pancake off of the floor. After taking it away from a dog. I would have re-thought this one. Teaser Trailers Febreeze is another Procter & Gamble product, this one which probes the phenomenon of the Halftime Bathroom break. Includes stock footage of a buffalo stampede so you know its good. We don’t know exactly how this is going to work, but Snickers‘ 30-second spot will be live to lead off the third quarter of the game. It will feature Adam Driver (Kylo Ren in Star Wars: The Force Awakens, and be preceded by a 36-hour livestream, at SnickersLive.com (noon ET on Thursday, Feb. 2, until midnight Friday night. Here are four teasers, combined for your convenience. None of it makes any sense so far. GoDaddy is under new management (a new ad agency), and is back after skipping Super Bowl 50. According to AdAge, the ad will go like this: “In GoDaddy’s commercial, we will be introduced to the ‘Internet,’ who is covered in tattoos of web references, like Wi-Fi symbols, memes and floppy discs. The 30-second game day spot will include a look inside the house of the ‘Internet’ and will feature a song made popular by the internet. While most of the references included in the commercial will be recognizable to a broad audience, there will be some more obscure references hidden throughout.” Avocados From Mexico is back, and the ad — to be shown during the first commercial break of the game — will focus on the avocado being a health food. Since more avocados are consumed during the Super Bowl than during any other time of the year, it’s surprising that AFM have only been in the past three big games. Here’s the teaser trailer, featuring Jon Lovitz: Kia is going to make you wait awhile to see what’s chasing Melissa McCarthy. PepsiCo will be touting its line of bottled water products, Lifewtr, with its Inspiration Drops spot. Featured will be a song by John Legend. Not participating this year Butterfinger, Doritos, Mini USA, SunTrust, Taco Bell, Toyota, Visa. Heinz, which gave us the entertaining Weiner Stampede during last year’s game, is also not returning to the Super Bowl. But they saved a few mil by running an ad right after the game, and releasing an extended version online (which may be the wave of the future). Heinz has started a petition to make the day after the Super Bowl and national holiday. Thanks to AdWeek, AdAge, USA Today, Super Bowl Ads. tags: Super Bowl Commercials super bowl li Tweet More from SportsGrid What We Know About The Super Bowl Commercials So Far Snickers Will Air The First-Ever Live Super Bowl Ad, Starring Kylo Ren The Coen Brothers Have Directed A Super Bowl Ad For The First Time In 15 Years This Dog Who Correctly Predicted Every NFL Playoff Winner Is A Good Boy! Yes He Is! Yes He Is! Former Cowboys Star Surprises NFL Fan With Super Bowl Sleepover Contest And It Looks Like We’ve Got Our First Banned Super Bowl Ad … Because Trump newsletter Send us A Tip! × Send us A Tip! Your Name (required) Your Email (required) Subject Your Message 
				 VIDEOS DailyRoto Benny “The Eagle”, Vol. 12: Green Bars and High Scores NBA DFS Thursday NBA DFS Wednesday: Enter the Dragon 每日幻想籃球週二：Kung Powell DFS PGA: 2017 Farmers Insurance Open DraftKings Picks & Preview NBA DFS Monday: Kawhi Not? RotoExperts A short return and a missed cut for Tiger Woods A look at the key players in the Super Bowl Evgenia Medvedeva wins gold for 2nd straight European title 'Hamilton' cast to sing at Super Bowl 51 History of Minnesota Vikings in the Pro Bowl
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Analysts Set Taylor Morrison Home Corporation (TMHC) PT at $19.50 Brokerages Set Glencore PLC (GLEN) Target Price at $263.08 Cerner Corporation (CERN) Short Interest Down 9.7% in January Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.10 Per Share, B. Riley Forecasts P & F Industries, Inc. (PFIN) Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.05 XO Group, Inc. (XOXO) Receives $21.75 Average Target Price from Analysts Analysts Set United Continental Holdings, Inc. (UAL) Price Target at $69.44 Q4 2016 Earnings Forecast for Ameren Corporation Issued By KeyCorp (AEE) Vmware, Inc. (VMW) Shares Gap Up on Earnings Beat Traders Sell Ford Motor Company (F) on Strength After Earnings Miss Geron Corporation (GERN) Short Interest Down 4.2% in January Nintendo Co., Ltd (NTDOY) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Seaport Global Securities Brokers Raise Earnings Estimates for Gulfport Energy Corporation (GPOR) IDACORP, Inc. (IDA) to Post Q4 2016 Earnings of $0.58 Per Share, KeyCorp Forecasts Analysts Offer Predictions for WEC Energy Group, Inc.’s Q4 2016 Earnings (WEC) Mondelez International Inc (MDLZ) Short Interest Down 4.4% in January People’s United Financial, Inc. (PBCT) Sees Significant Decline in Short Interest Wendy’s Company (The) (WEN) Sees Significant Decrease in Short Interest Helmerich & Payne, Inc. (HP) Shares Gap Down After Earnings Miss Holly Energy Partners, L.P. (HEP) Reaches New 12-Month High After Dividend Announcement Texan Capital Management Sells 975 Shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG) January 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Texan Capital Management decreased its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) by 7.5% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 11,988 shares of the company’s stock after selling 975 shares during the period. Texan Capital Management’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Company (The) were worth $1,076,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in PG. Trust Co. of Oklahoma increased its position in Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 42.3% in the second quarter. Trust Co. of Oklahoma now owns 7,820 shares of the company’s stock worth $662,000 after buying an additional 2,325 shares in the last quarter. Nisa Investment Advisors LLC increased its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 3.0% in the second quarter. Nisa Investment Advisors LLC now owns 937,600 shares of the company’s stock valued at $79,385,000 after buying an additional 27,047 shares during the period. Americafirst Capital Management LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) during the second quarter valued at $112,000. Trust Co. of Vermont increased its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 1.4% in the second quarter. Trust Co. of Vermont now owns 149,234 shares of the company’s stock valued at $12,635,000 after buying an additional 2,053 shares during the period. Finally, Carroll Financial Associates Inc. increased its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 4.4% in the second quarter. Carroll Financial Associates Inc. now owns 42,462 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,595,000 after buying an additional 1,808 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 68.44% of the company’s stock. Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE:PG) traded down 0.48% during trading on Thursday, reaching $86.74. 3,002,570 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $84.81 and a 200 day moving average price of $85.98. The firm has a market capitalization of $221.75 billion, a PE ratio of 15.89 and a beta of 0.59. Procter & Gamble Company has a 12 month low of $78.61 and a 12 month high of $90.33. Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Friday, January 20th. The company reported $1.08 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.06 by $0.02. The company earned $16.90 billion during the quarter. Procter & Gamble Company (The) had a net margin of 23.44% and a return on equity of 18.58%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was down .3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $1.04 EPS. On average, analysts expect that Procter & Gamble Company will post $3.85 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Shareholders of record on Friday, January 20th will be given a dividend of $0.6695 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, January 18th. This represents a $2.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.07%. Procter & Gamble Company (The)’s payout ratio is currently 48.73%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This report was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright laws. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/26/texan-capital-management-sells-975-shares-of-procter-gamble-company-the-pg.html. Several brokerages have weighed in on PG. B. Riley restated a “buy” rating and issued a $106.00 target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) in a research note on Monday. Wells Fargo & Company restated a “market perform” rating on shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) in a research note on Thursday, December 1st. Citigroup Inc. raised their target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) from $100.00 to $102.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday. Vetr downgraded shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $88.43 target price for the company. in a research note on Tuesday, December 13th. Finally, RBC Capital Markets set a $76.00 target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, January 2nd. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, fifteen have assigned a hold rating and eleven have assigned a buy rating to the company. Procter & Gamble Company (The) presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $89.52. In other Procter & Gamble Company (The) news, insider Jeffrey K. Schomburger sold 36,227 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, January 24th. The shares were sold at an average price of $87.50, for a total transaction of $3,169,862.50. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, insider Marc S. Pritchard sold 47,252 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, January 23rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $87.14, for a total transaction of $4,117,539.28. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 151,643 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $13,214,171.02. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders have sold 107,470 shares of company stock valued at $9,374,311. 0.35% of the stock is owned by insiders. About Procter & Gamble Company (The) The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Facebook Ads Debut On MailChimp; Google AdWords Might Be Next By George Slefo - 15 minutes ago Array 0 Setting Aside Rivalry, Twitter Signs Up For Instagram By Garett Sloane - 22 minutes ago Array 0 Turning Billboards Into Beer Coolers: Behind Coors Light's New Environmental Push By E.J. Schultz - 1 hour ago Array 0 Arthur Sadoun Succeeds Maurice Levy as Publicis Chairman-CEO By Lindsay Stein - 1 hour ago Array 0 New FTC Chair Has Warned Against Stricter Privacy Rules By Kate Kaye - 1 hour ago Array 0 Arthur Sadoun Succeeds Maurice Levy as Publicis Chairman-CEO By Lindsay Stein - 1 hour ago 0 Walmart Goes Hollywood, Tapping Star Directors for Oscars Campaign By Jack Neff - 4 hours ago 0 Facebook Ads Debut On MailChimp; Google AdWords Might Be Next By George Slefo - 15 minutes ago 0 Taco Bell Trolls Itself in Naked Chicken Chalupa Advertising By Jessica Wohl - 16 hours ago 0 BET Hires IPG Media Team Amid Major Original Content Push By Lindsay Stein - 9 hours ago 0 Problem Solving: How M&Ms Took a Small Insight and Turned It Into a Big Idea By Jessica Wohl - 2 days ago 0 Snickers Plans a Live Commercial During Super Bowl LI By Jessica Wohl - Yesterday 0 Skittles Releases Its Super Bowl Spot By Jessica Wohl - 2 days ago 0 The Demise of the Department Store Experience By Rance Crain - 2 days ago 0 Snapchat Offers to Bill Brands for Ads Based on TV-Style Ratings From Nielsen By Garett Sloane - 2 days ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Super Bowl See Mr. Clean Become Sexy, and Real, as a Men's Role Model in Super Bowl Ad By Jack Neff. Published on January 26, 2017. Most Popular Mr. Clean has lived nearly 60 years without making it into a Super Bowl ad. It turns out he was just waiting for the right time, when he could be a role model as an irresistibly sexy modern guy who cleans. The Procter & Gamble Co. brand will make its Super Bowl debut with an ad from Leo Burnett, Toronto, showing a woman turned on by a sexy animated version of the animated icon, who then morphs into her husband, who has been helping out with household chores. At that point she jumps on him passionately, forcing him onto a couch, as the tagline "You gotta love a man who cleans" appears. Related Stories Super Bowl LI Complete Ad Chart "There's no better way to reach a co-ed audience than the Super Bowl," said Martin Hettich, the P&G VP-North American Home Care who greenlighted the ad. "And the subject we're broaching with Mr. Clean really is for a co-ed audience, because it's talking about cleaning and how men and women divide up the chores. And there's still a way to go." While some surveys, even those cited in the past by sibling brand Swiffer, show most men believe that they do at least an equal amount of household work, P&G research suggests they aren't doing as much as they think. "There's a clear disconnect between what men say they're doing and what they're actually doing," Mr. Hettich said, with only 32% of men doing the majority of cleaning in a household vs. 44% of women, with equal sharing in around 17% of households. Mr. Clean's brand going back to the 1950s was about a genie-in-a-bottle helping women with chores. But the growing possibility of men shouldering the cleaning burden, particularly among millennials, makes the idea of that mythical figure morphing into a real guy more believable now, as Mr. Hettich sees it. He also hopes the fact that things still don't really happen that way in many households can help the ad spur conversation and social-media buzz, amplified by Super Bowl viewers' tendency to post on Twitter and Facebook throughout the game. As for the sexy part, Mr. Hettich said, the brand wants to stake out a unique position in its category by asking if cleaning can be "part of the appeal in a relationship." P&G research suggests that it can, he said. Mr. Clean may be the elder statesman in P&G home care, but he's long since been surpassed in sales and media budgets by the likes of Swiffer, Dawn and Febreze, the latter getting a Super Bowl ad of its own for the first time this year. With Mr. Clean's TV spending estimated at under $23 million for the past year per iSpot.tv, one $5 million Super Bowl spot alone could chew up more than a fifth of the annual budget. So why take the risk? "We want to maximize the reach," Mr. Hettich said, citing Chief Brand Officer Marc Pritchard's discussions about the "the importance of broad reach and strong media plans." Mr. Clean muscled out P&G siblings for the Super Bowl slot in a creative contest among all the household cleaning brands that Mr. Hettich markets. Because Febreze also had strong creative from Grey, and a new product launch and brand restaging with its improved OdorClear technology, it also got the green light for a coveted spot in the game. "We were really impressed by what all the brands did," Mr. Hettich said. While Mr. Clean's Super Bowl ad doesn't back new products at this point, those will be coming later this year, according to Mr. Hettich. And besides that, he believes P&G hasn't invested enough in Mr. Clean over the past decade. So when the former North American home care marketing executive came back to the business in 2014 after years in Latin America, he decided to change that. Efforts also included introducing a contemporary version of the old Mr. Clean jingle this summer, which has been well received. Nielsen data from Deutsche Bank show P&G gained 0.7 points to reach a 7.3% share in Mr. Clean's $1.6 billion liquid cleaners category last year. In this article: CMO Strategy CPG Millennials See the Spot Special Report: Super Bowl Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Analysts Anticipate Reis, Inc (REIS) to Announce $0.04 Earnings Per Share Zacks: Brokerages Set $39.50 Target Price for Home Bancorp, Inc. (HBCP) BancFirst Corporation (BANF) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts DXP Enterprises, Inc. (DXPE) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Equities Analysts Set Expectations for American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings, Inc.’s FY2016 Earnings (AXL) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Regency Centers Corporation’s FY2016 Earnings (REG) Baker Hughes Incorporated (BHI) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 2nd SJW Corporation (SJW) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 2nd Deutsche Bank AG Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Inmarsat Plc (ISAT) NeuroMetrix, Inc. (NURO) Sees Large Volume Increase Following Earnings Beat Brokerages Expect Sparton Corporation (SPA) to Post $0.25 Earnings Per Share Park Electrochemical Corporation (PKE) Given $21.50 Consensus Target Price by Brokerages Zacks: Analysts Set $42.00 Price Target for Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation (AGM) Research Analysts Set Expectations for Parsley Energy, Inc.’s FY2016 Earnings (PE) Home Bancorp, Inc. (HBCP) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.13 on February 17th Dominion Midstream Partners, LP (DM) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 2nd LegacyTexas Financial Group, Inc. (LTXB) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.15 on February 17th Citigroup Inc. (C) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 2nd First Financial Northwest, Inc. (FFNW) Given $17.38 Average Price Target by Brokerages Brokerages Anticipate Dime Community Bancshares, Inc. (DCOM) to Announce $0.34 EPS Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG) Shares Sold by Marathon Asset Management LLP January 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Marathon Asset Management LLP lowered its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) by 15.4% during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 1,735,808 shares of the company’s stock after selling 315,910 shares during the period. Procter & Gamble Company (The) makes up approximately 3.3% of Marathon Asset Management LLP’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 2nd largest position. Marathon Asset Management LLP’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Company (The) were worth $155,722,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Stratford Consulting LLC raised its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 0.6% in the second quarter. Stratford Consulting LLC now owns 2,513 shares of the company’s stock valued at $213,000 after buying an additional 16 shares in the last quarter. Evanson Asset Management LLC raised its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 0.4% in the third quarter. Evanson Asset Management LLC now owns 6,351 shares of the company’s stock valued at $570,000 after buying an additional 23 shares in the last quarter. Laurel Grove Capital LLC raised its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 1.0% in the third quarter. Laurel Grove Capital LLC now owns 2,525 shares of the company’s stock valued at $227,000 after buying an additional 25 shares in the last quarter. Investors Asset Management of Georgia Inc. GA ADV raised its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 0.4% in the third quarter. Investors Asset Management of Georgia Inc. GA ADV now owns 6,747 shares of the company’s stock valued at $606,000 after buying an additional 25 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Mirador Capital Partners LP raised its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 0.6% in the second quarter. Mirador Capital Partners LP now owns 4,482 shares of the company’s stock valued at $385,000 after buying an additional 27 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 68.44% of the company’s stock. Shares of Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE:PG) opened at 87.16 on Thursday. The company’s 50 day moving average is $84.81 and its 200-day moving average is $85.98. Procter & Gamble Company has a 52 week low of $78.61 and a 52 week high of $90.33. The stock has a market capitalization of $222.82 billion, a PE ratio of 15.97 and a beta of 0.59. Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) last issued its earnings results on Friday, January 20th. The company reported $1.08 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $1.06 by $0.02. The business earned $16.90 billion during the quarter. Procter & Gamble Company (The) had a net margin of 23.44% and a return on equity of 18.58%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was down .3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the firm posted $1.04 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts predict that Procter & Gamble Company will post $3.85 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Shareholders of record on Friday, January 20th will be issued a $0.6695 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, January 18th. This represents a $2.68 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.07%. Procter & Gamble Company (The)’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 48.73%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/26/procter-gamble-company-the-pg-shares-sold-by-marathon-asset-management-llp.html. Several equities analysts have recently weighed in on the stock. B. Riley reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $106.00 price objective on shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) in a report on Monday, October 31st. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating and set a $98.00 target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) in a research report on Wednesday, October 26th. raised shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) from an “underperform” rating to an “outperform” rating and boosted their target price for the stock from $90.00 to $95.00 in a research report on Wednesday, October 26th. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) downgraded shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “neutral” rating to a “sell” rating and decreased their target price for the stock from $86.00 to $77.00 in a research report on Monday, January 9th. Finally, Citigroup Inc. reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) in a research report on Wednesday, October 26th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, fifteen have assigned a hold rating and eleven have given a buy rating to the stock. Procter & Gamble Company (The) has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $89.52. In other news, insider Price Matthew sold 3,081 shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, November 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $86.90, for a total value of $267,738.90. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 14,962 shares in the company, valued at $1,300,197.80. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, SVP Valarie L. Sheppard sold 20,910 shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, January 23rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $87.00, for a total transaction of $1,819,170.00. Following the completion of the sale, the senior vice president now owns 37,835 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $3,291,645. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 107,470 shares of company stock valued at $9,374,311 over the last ninety days. Corporate insiders own 0.35% of the company’s stock. About Procter & Gamble Company (The) The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Equities Analysts Set Expectations for American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings, Inc.’s FY2016 Earnings (AXL) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Regency Centers Corporation’s FY2016 Earnings (REG) Baker Hughes Incorporated (BHI) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 2nd SJW Corporation (SJW) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 2nd Deutsche Bank AG Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Inmarsat Plc (ISAT) NeuroMetrix, Inc. (NURO) Sees Large Volume Increase Following Earnings Beat Brokerages Expect Sparton Corporation (SPA) to Post $0.25 Earnings Per Share Park Electrochemical Corporation (PKE) Given $21.50 Consensus Target Price by Brokerages Zacks: Analysts Set $42.00 Price Target for Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation (AGM) Research Analysts Set Expectations for Parsley Energy, Inc.’s FY2016 Earnings (PE) Home Bancorp, Inc. (HBCP) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.13 on February 17th Dominion Midstream Partners, LP (DM) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 2nd LegacyTexas Financial Group, Inc. (LTXB) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.15 on February 17th Citigroup Inc. (C) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 2nd First Financial Northwest, Inc. (FFNW) Given $17.38 Average Price Target by Brokerages Brokerages Anticipate Dime Community Bancshares, Inc. (DCOM) to Announce $0.34 EPS Zacks: Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corporation (GLDD) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Franklin Street Properties Corp. (FSP) Short Interest Update Timmins Gold Corp (TGD) Short Interest Up 14.9% in January Meridian Bioscience Inc. (VIVO) Shares Down 3.9% After Earnings Miss Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG) Position Lowered by Concorde Asset Management LLC January 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Concorde Asset Management LLC decreased its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) by 15.5% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 6,882 shares of the company’s stock after selling 1,260 shares during the period. Concorde Asset Management LLC’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Company (The) were worth $611,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. Cohen & Steers Inc. raised its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 10,454.9% in the second quarter. Cohen & Steers Inc. now owns 20,623,882 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,473,320,000 after buying an additional 20,428,486 shares during the period. Emerald Acquisition Ltd. acquired a new position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) during the second quarter worth about $426,390,000. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 1.8% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 167,926,302 shares of the company’s stock worth $14,218,321,000 after buying an additional 3,029,476 shares during the period. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA raised its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 198.8% in the third quarter. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA now owns 4,367,095 shares of the company’s stock worth $391,947,000 after buying an additional 2,905,755 shares during the period. Finally, Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA raised its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 33.9% in the second quarter. Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA now owns 9,700,307 shares of the company’s stock worth $821,325,000 after buying an additional 2,454,215 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 68.44% of the company’s stock. Shares of Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE:PG) opened at 87.16 on Thursday. The stock has a market cap of $222.82 billion, a PE ratio of 15.97 and a beta of 0.59. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $84.81 and its 200 day moving average price is $85.98. Procter & Gamble Company has a 1-year low of $78.61 and a 1-year high of $90.33. Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) last released its earnings results on Friday, January 20th. The company reported $1.08 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.06 by $0.02. Procter & Gamble Company (The) had a return on equity of 18.58% and a net margin of 23.44%. The firm had revenue of $16.90 billion for the quarter. During the same quarter last year, the company posted $1.04 earnings per share. The business’s quarterly revenue was down .3% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts forecast that Procter & Gamble Company will post $3.85 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Shareholders of record on Friday, January 20th will be paid a dividend of $0.6695 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, January 18th. This represents a $2.68 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.07%. Procter & Gamble Company (The)’s dividend payout ratio is presently 48.73%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright law. The original version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/26/procter-gamble-company-the-pg-position-lowered-by-concorde-asset-management-llc.html. A number of brokerages have weighed in on PG. Vetr lowered Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $92.75 price objective on the stock. in a report on Monday, October 10th. Argus upgraded Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and raised their price objective for the company from $88.54 to $103.00 in a report on Wednesday, October 12th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $98.00 price objective on the stock in a report on Friday, October 14th. Wells Fargo & Company restated a “market perform” rating on shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) in a report on Saturday, January 21st. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC set a $99.00 price objective on Procter & Gamble Company (The) and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Monday. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, fifteen have given a hold rating and eleven have issued a buy rating to the company. Procter & Gamble Company (The) has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $89.52. In other news, insider Jeffrey K. Schomburger sold 36,227 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, January 24th. The stock was sold at an average price of $87.50, for a total value of $3,169,862.50. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, insider Price Matthew sold 3,081 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, November 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $86.90, for a total value of $267,738.90. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 14,962 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,300,197.80. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 107,470 shares of company stock valued at $9,374,311 over the last 90 days. 0.35% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. About Procter & Gamble Company (The) The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Procter & Gamble Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) Shares Sold by Afam Capital Inc. Green Square Capital LLC Raises Stake in LKQ Corporation (LKQ) ONEOK Partners, L.P. (OKS) Shares Sold by Green Square Capital LLC Taylor Morrison Home Corp (TMHC) Stake Decreased by EJF Capital LLC EJF Capital LLC Has $597,000 Position in Toll Brothers Inc. (TOL) Patten Group Inc. Has $259,000 Position in Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings (LH) Position Reduced by Patten Group Inc. Patten Group Inc. Boosts Stake in E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company (DD) Mastrapasqua Asset Management Inc. Buys 1,210 Shares of Ashland Global Holdings Inc. (ASH) Packaging Corporation of America (PKG) Shares Bought by Mastrapasqua Asset Management Inc. Mastrapasqua Asset Management Inc. Has $546,000 Position in Southern Company (The) (SO) Kemper Corp Master Retirement Trust Maintains Position in Digital Realty Trust, Inc. (DLR) Kemper Corp Master Retirement Trust Has $338,000 Position in Weingarten Realty Investors (WRI) Hospitality Properties Trust (HPT) Shares Bought by Kemper Corp Master Retirement Trust Kemper Corp Master Retirement Trust Decreases Stake in Boston Properties, Inc. (BXP) Kemper Corp Master Retirement Trust Has $140,000 Stake in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Horizon Investment Services LLC Increases Position in Aflac Incorporated (AFL) Patten Group Inc. Increases Stake in Ingevity Corp (NGVT) The Kraft Heinz Company (KHC) Stake Held by Usca Ria LLC Baker BROS. Advisors LP Invests $9,594,000 in Sage Therapeutics, Inc. (SAGE) Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG) SVP Sells $1,819,170.00 in Stock Posted by William Strong on Jan 26th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) SVP Valarie L. Sheppard sold 20,910 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, January 23rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $87.00, for a total transaction of $1,819,170.00. Following the sale, the senior vice president now owns 37,835 shares in the company, valued at approximately $3,291,645. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE:PG) opened at 87.16 on Thursday. Procter & Gamble Company has a 12-month low of $78.61 and a 12-month high of $90.33. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $84.81 and a 200 day moving average of $85.98. The firm has a market capitalization of $222.82 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 15.97 and a beta of 0.59. Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) last posted its earnings results on Friday, January 20th. The company reported $1.08 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.06 by $0.02. The company earned $16.90 billion during the quarter. Procter & Gamble Company (The) had a net margin of 23.44% and a return on equity of 18.58%. The business’s revenue was down .3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $1.04 earnings per share. Equities research analysts anticipate that Procter & Gamble Company will post $3.85 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Stockholders of record on Friday, January 20th will be paid a $0.6695 dividend. This represents a $2.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.07%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, January 18th. Procter & Gamble Company (The)’s payout ratio is 48.73%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This story was posted by Web Breaking News and is the property of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this story can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/26/procter-gamble-company-the-pg-svp-sells-1819170-00-in-stock.html. Several hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the company. Davis Rea LTD. boosted its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 0.3% in the third quarter. Davis Rea LTD. now owns 3,790 shares of the company’s stock worth $340,000 after buying an additional 10 shares during the last quarter. Iron Financial LLC boosted its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 0.3% in the third quarter. Iron Financial LLC now owns 4,296 shares of the company’s stock worth $386,000 after buying an additional 13 shares during the last quarter. Stratford Consulting LLC boosted its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 0.6% in the second quarter. Stratford Consulting LLC now owns 2,513 shares of the company’s stock worth $213,000 after buying an additional 16 shares during the last quarter. Evanson Asset Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 0.4% in the third quarter. Evanson Asset Management LLC now owns 6,351 shares of the company’s stock worth $570,000 after buying an additional 23 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Laurel Grove Capital LLC boosted its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 1.0% in the third quarter. Laurel Grove Capital LLC now owns 2,525 shares of the company’s stock worth $227,000 after buying an additional 25 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 68.44% of the company’s stock. A number of brokerages recently issued reports on PG. Citigroup Inc. raised their target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) from $100.00 to $102.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday. Jefferies Group LLC set a $99.00 target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday. B. Riley reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $106.00 price target on shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) in a research note on Monday. Wells Fargo & Company reaffirmed a “market perform” rating on shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) in a research note on Saturday, January 21st. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, fifteen have assigned a hold rating and eleven have issued a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $89.52. Procter & Gamble Company (The) Company Profile The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Jefferies Group LLC Increases Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Price Target to $30.00 Next » Canadian Utilities Limited (CU) Receives C$39.75 Average Target Price from Analysts Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com National January 27, 2017 6:24 PM The internet doesn’t know how to feel about Mr. Clean’s ‘sexy’ new commercial Mr. C's Sexy Dream Team and #TheNextMrClean Mike Jackson, center, clean up Times Square to celebrate the debut of Mr. Clean's Super Bowl ad on Thursday January 26, 2017 in New York. Mark Von Holden Invision for Mr. Clean i By Greg Hadley ghadley@mcclatchy.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Get ready to look at mopping the floor in a whole new way. In the run up to the Super Bowl on Feb. 5, dozens of companies are rushing to generate buzz for themselves by releasing advertisements that are funny, emotional or downright edgy. And while the big game is still more than a week away, cleaning brand Mr. Clean clearly has the early edge in that regard. Mr. Clean, which is owned by manufacturing company Procter & Gamble, released the following ad Friday.   In the ad, a suburban woman appears to be frustrated by a stain on her stove, before Mr. Clean, the iconic mascot of the brand, shows up in all his erotic CGI glory. As sensual music plays, the two characters clean the house, culminating in Mr. Clean mopping the floor in extremely tight pants that, um, show off his assets. The ad ends with the reveal that Mr. Clean is actually the woman’s significant other, with the tagline, “You Gotta Love a Man Who Cleans.” The idea behind the whole ad is to make cleaning attractive to men and challenge the idea that women are the only ones who would be interested in a cleaning product, per AdAge. “There's no better way to reach a co-ed audience than the Super Bowl," Procter & Gamble vice president Martin Hettich told the website. "And the subject we're broaching with Mr. Clean really is for a co-ed audience, because it's talking about cleaning and how men and women divide up the chores. And there's still a way to go." According to data compiled by the Bureau of Labor Statistics in 2014, 83 percent of women reported doing household work, while just 65 percent of men said the same, per Time Magazine. Online, however, the ad was met with a broad range of reactions. Some appreciated the cheeky re-branding of the character, while others described themselves as uncomfortable with the idea of a sexualized Mr. Clean. Either way, the video has been a success in driving conversation about the brand, as it racked up nearly 450,000 views in a day on YouTube. However, the video did seem to shift attention from Procter & Gamble’s announcement Tuesday that a new flesh-and-blood actor had been cast to play the real-life Mr. Clean in the future. Mike Jackson, the company’s choice, is African-American, marking a first in the brand’s history, per Yahoo News.   [View the story "'Sexy' Mr. Clean" on Storify] Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story National Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 3:31 Hope to prevent Alzheimer's disease? Pause 1:55 Estimated turnout for Women's March in D.C. at 500,000 0:22 Man pardoned by Obama killed by masked men at halfway house 1:33 How to respond if you receive a robocall 1:00 White House says hiring freeze respects the American tax payer 2:26 Experiencing, and better understanding, dementia through virtual reality 1:24 White House: TPP was not putting U.S. interest first 2:26 How do you prevent suicide? Photo responses urge supporting those who are struggling 0:46 Protesters of all ages, races, faiths decry President Trump 2:15 Kids ask Mayor Gimenez to make Miami-Dade a sanctuary county Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 15 hours ago Watch snow blower clear 10 feet of Sierra snow piled up on road in 1 minute 1:01 15 hours ago Watch snow blower clear 10 feet of Sierra snow piled up on road in 1 minute 3:11 16 hours ago Georgia police chief apologizes for 1940 lynching 2:09 2 days ago Meet Brutus, the 900 pound grizzly bear View more video National Anti-abortion groups hold triumphant rally after Obama years Kansas’ Kris Kobach weighs run for governor as likelihood of Washington role fades Refugee advocates denounce Trump order as ‘a wrecking ball to the Statue of Liberty’ Have Russians arrested a source in U.S. probe of election meddling? In Iowa, Trump voters cheer changes, dismiss petty fights Nation & World Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
CLOSE Saudi Arabia World Opinion Business Technology Sport Rio Olympics 2016 Life Art & Culture Drive Explore Faith Fashion Saturday, January 28, 2017 SG ePaper Saudi Arabia World Opinion Business Technology Sport Rio Olympics 2016 Life Multiple Sclerosis in Saudi Arabia, a rising concern  Art Bahrain Across Borders Palestyle Making Fashion Matter  WonderGlass School break is near, and Hollywood-style action has arrived with MOTIONGATE Dubai AllArt & CultureDriveExploreFaithFashion Home Life Fashion Palestyle Making Fashion Matter  Life Fashion Palestyle Making Fashion Matter  Brand Empowers Palestinian Female Refugees  Jan 28, 2017 103 0 SHARE Facebook Twitter Palestyle Making Fashion Matter 1 of 9 By Mariam Nihal Zeina Abou Chabaan launched Palestyle  in 2009. What sets her foray into luxury apart from the rest is it’s stance on empowering women refugees.  “The motivation behind it developed during my work in supply chain management in the Multi-National, Procter and Gamble; quickly I knew my heart was not in corporate life and its politics but rather in social work. So with a clear passion and good business experience, I had a vision for Palestyle, a luxury fashion brand empowering refugee women,” Chabaan told Saudi Gazette. She said true inspiration came from meeting Palestinian refugee women during her visits to refugee camps. Chabaan found various artisans embroidering with  colorful silk threads. “From there the brand concept developed to genuine leather handbags signed off with gold plated Arabic calligraphy and handmade embroidery.”   The brand grew exponentially and made it to high end retailers like Bloomingdales and House of Fraser. It was even seen on celebrities Eva Longoria and Gwenyth Paltrow. Palestyle went on to win the Emirates Women Humanitarian Award in 2013. Now the brand has diversified their collection by launching Palestyle Living, Embroidered Home Accessories, and shifted the production of the hand bags to Italy. “So embroidery from the refugee camps in Middle East travel to Italian Workshops where bags are crafted. To date we have empowered around 100 refugee women with jobs, over 4000 refugees with social development projects, and 450 refugee children with a reading opportunity through our latest social project, a community library built for them. It has been a roller coaster ride between success, learnings and difficulties. Sweat, tears and smiles but definitely the continuous drive of serving the refugee women with every Palestyle creation keeps us going.” Find out more about the brand in an exclusive interview with Chabaan. SG: How is it working with refugee women in Jordan- who initiated this and how do you facilitate the movement? ZC: It is not easy as the women are tough negotiators. So every women would decide on how many pieces she likes to work on, at the comfort of her own home, upon the rate she agrees on. Pieces do take their time to be embroidered. There was lots of training on quality to ensure every embroidery piece is of clean finishing and rich stitching. Palestyle sends the digital pattern to our quality control head in Amman. They distribute work among ladies ensuring quality and timeliness of delivery and we make frequent visits each year to ensure all is running smoothly. SG: Tell us about the brand name and what it means to you? ZC: The brand name was inspired by the beautiful Palestinian refugee women embroidering with so much love and hope. Today Palestyle aims to serve all refugee ladies possible regardless of boundary and background. SG: Can reflect on the aesthetics of the brand. ZC: The brand’s aesthetics and concept, are a reflection of each other. Both highlight the DNA of Palestyle which is Luxury, Heritage through Arabic Calligraphy & Hand-made Embroidery, and thirdly our Social Impacting. Visually in the Logo we can see the luxury element through the choice of colors, Red and Black, and fine capital typography of name; while heritage is reflected subtly through the traditional embroidery pattern used in Logo, called Moon of Betlehem. Finally our commitment to social impacting is mentioned in our slogan too “High End – On Trend – With a Social Edge” SG: Your journey and dreams ZC: Our dream is to see Palestyle as one of the top 10 High End Social Fashion Brands in the World. We have quite a long way to go along this exciting journey to ultimately get where we want to. SG: Your latest collection  ZC: It reflects the brand’s DNA amazingly where luxury Italian craftsmanship embraces the beauty of our rich heritage. The making of the bags features crisp classical lines merging with Arabic calligraphy and handmade embroidery in a very subtle and modern way. Inspiration behind it is very geometrical -strong powerful lines- and the colors taken from nature. SG: Can you reflect on your journey and experience in the regional fashion industry  ZC: I am mostly impressed, inspired and challenged by the fashion consumer who through this decade has shifted from a consumer to a trendsetter through incredible savviness, a high taste of luxury and definitive influence through social media. SG: Challenges and how you keep up with changing trends  ZC: The challenges of the fashion Industry especially now a days for luxury brands is how to maximize on technology available without intruding the customer, how to personalize marketing and customize for the customer, and how to reach the affluence in a challenging global economy. The international market regardless how big is becoming smaller with availability of data and globalization making competition move at a very fast pace. Therefore we constantly try to tackle those points to our advantage especially being an entrepreneurial business. SOURCESaudi Gazzette TAGS Empowers Palestyle Zeina Abou Chabaan SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleA new strategy to raise educational standards Next articleArt Bahrain Across Borders Ajaz Ali NO COMMENTS LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply January 2017 S M T W T F S « Dec     1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   STAY CONNECTED 1,537,601FansLike 42,203FollowersFollow Ads Recent Posts Storytellers spin magical tales in style Jan 28, 2017 Heartwarming moments Jan 28, 2017 The art of living with uncertainty Jan 28, 2017 Warrior pose heals Somali women hit by war and abuse Jan 28, 2017 In Trump’s White House, a day of confusion, change Jan 28, 2017 Archives January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 © Saudi Gazette 2015 All rights reserved. OKAZ AL-NADI
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 6799 5 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Mr. Clean gets sexy in Super Bowl ad debut Mr. Clean has gotten buff -- and sexy -- for his Super Bowl ad debut. Post to Facebook Mr. Clean gets sexy in Super Bowl ad debut Mr. Clean has gotten buff -- and sexy -- for his Super Bowl ad debut.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2jFqxkU {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 6 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Mr. Clean gets sexy in Super Bowl ad debut Alexander Coolidge, Cincinnati Enquirer Published 1:41 p.m. ET Jan. 27, 2017 | Updated 13 hours ago CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share The newly buff Mr. Clean dazzles in his first Super Bowl ad. Mr. Clean does a sexy cleaning dance in his ad during the Super Bowl (Photo: Procter & Gamble via YouTube) Mr. Clean has gotten buff -- and sexy -- for his Super Bowl ad debut. Procter & Gamble has released its first-ever Super Bowl ad for Mr. Clean. The 30-second spot features the iconic-but-refreshed character who's still bald and muscular but seems a little younger and sexier than his old self. You can see the ad at USA TODAY's Super Bowl Ad Meter site here. Entitled "Cleaner of Your Dreams," the mostly wordless ad depicts Mr. Clean showing up at red-haired woman's house. Clad tight in his signature white T-shirt and pants, Mr. Clean sashays and dances as he moves and cleans from kitchen, to bathroom to living room as music pulses. The blissed-out homemaker also begins to sway to the music's vibe before a voice calls out her name. "Sarah? Sarah?" as the fantasy concludes. She opens her eyes and it's her shlub of a mate standing before her. "Clean enough?" he asks. She crashes into his arms as they both collapse on the couch. "You gotta love a man who cleans" pops across the screen. Related coverage: 8 of the most controversial Super Bowl commercials of all time The 10 funniest Super Bowl ads of all time The Budweiser ads we've loved the most Procter & Gamble has just announced its Tide laundry detergent brand will run an ad during Super Bowl LI. Details are limited, but P&G revealed the spot will feature New England Patriots tight end Rob "Gronk" Gronkowski and "Transparent" TV star Jeffrey Tambor. "Tide is happy to announce it will be part of Super Bowl Sunday," the company said in a statement. "The story will unfold the week of Super Bowl, but two cleaning enthusiasts you can expect to see are Rob Gronkowski and Jeffrey Tambor who ultimately discover the cleaning power of Tide." This notches a third P&G Super Bowl ad this year by the Cincinnati-based consumer products giant. Meanwhile: P&G also released on Thursday an online teaser ad for its upcoming Febreze ad also running during the Super Bowl. The clip showcases the brand's new OdorClear formula, noting it will come in handy in the bathroom during the half time break in households nationwide. It boldly asks "Is your bathroom ready, America?" 6799 CONNECTTWEET 5 LINKEDIN 6 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2jFqxkU NEVER MISS OUT Managing Your Money Master your money with the latest business and investment news, articles and tips from financial experts each Friday. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Managing Your Money NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Main Menu Hot Topics Recap: Super Bowl 2017 27 January 2017Military News NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Following are the latest Super Bowl news releases and story ideas for reporters, bloggers and media outlets: BOSTON–Super Bowl LI Projected to Be the Biggest Online Video Event of All Time Source: Visible Measures CHICAGO & PITTSBURGH–The Heinz Brand Launches Petition to Make Monday After the Big Game a National Holiday Source: The Kraft Heinz Company CINCINNATI–Mr. Clean Gets Dirty in His Super Bowl Debut Source: Procter & Gamble HOUSTON–T-Mobile Permanently Boosts LTE Capacity Nearly 20x Ahead of the Super Bowl in Houston Source: T-Mobile US, Inc. LOUISVILLE, Ky.–Ultimate Meats Pizza Returns to Papa John’s Starting Lineup for Super Bowl Source: Papa John’s International, Inc. CINCINNATI–Sometimes the Things You Love the Most, Stink the Most Source: Procter & Gamble HOUSTON–Aggreko Powers America’s 51st National Football Championship Game Source: Aggreko WASHINGTON–NRF Says Consumers Will Spend $14.1 Billion on 2017 Super Bowl Source: National Retail Federation (NRF) SUNNYVALE, Calif.–Down. Set. HUT! Yahoo Teams Up With Pizza Hut to Launch Squares Pick’em for the Big Game Source: Yahoo! Inc. CHELMSFORD, Mass.–City of Houston Deploys Axis Cameras to Ensure Public Safety During Super Bowl LIVE Source: Axis Communications KNOXVILLE, Tenn.–Tour the Super Bowl Stadium in Virtual Reality with vCAD Source: vCAD CINCINNATI–The Search is Over for #TheNextMrClean Source: Procter & Gamble NEW YORK–JetBlue Adds Flights So Football Fans Can Touch Down in Houston at The Big Game Source: JetBlue CINCINNATI–Febreze and Charmin, Official Sponsors of the NFL, Help Tackle the Always-Anticipated Halftime Bathroom Break Source: Procter & Gamble SAN DIEGO–Humpty Dumpty Stars in Big Game Ads for TurboTax Source: Intuit Inc. BOSTON–Wayfair Ranks Most Spirited Football Fans Ahead of the Big Game Source: Wayfair Inc. REDWOOD CITY, Calif.–The Big Game Kicks Off With EA Sports Bowl in Houston on February 2 Source: Electronic Arts Inc. NEW YORK–FOX News Channel’s Bill O’Reilly to Interview Incoming President Trump During FOX Super Bowl Sunday Pregame Show Source: FOX News Channel SANTA CLARA, Calif.–Tom Brady Stars in Intel Commercial Airing During Super Bowl LI Source: Intel Corporation NEW YORK–Time Inc. Announces Inaugural “VIBES” by Sports Illustrated Swimsuit: A Music, Food and Culture Festival in Houston, Texas, in February 2017 Source: Time Inc. About Business Wire Business Wire, a Berkshire Hathaway company, is the global leader in press release distribution and regulatory disclosure. Investor relations, public relations, public policy and marketing professionals rely on Business Wire to accurately distribute market-moving news and multimedia, host online newsrooms and IR websites, build content marketing platforms, generate social engagements and provide audience analysis that improves interaction with specified target markets. Founded in 1961, Business Wire is a trusted source for news organizations, journalists, investment professionals and regulatory authorities, delivering news directly into editorial systems and leading online news sources via its multi-patented simultaneous NX Network. Business Wire has 29 offices worldwide to securely meet the varying needs of communications professionals and news consumers. In 2015, Business Wire teamed up with Al Roker Entertainment to create BizWireTV, a bi-weekly digital video news program that features the top trending news releases that cross the wire. Learn more at BusinessWire.com and the BusinessWired blog; follow updates on Twitter:@businesswire or on Facebook. Click here to subscribe to Mobile Alerts for Business Wire. Posted Under Uncategorized Tagged company Uncategorized Post navigation London Based Unified Communications Provider Has Expanded to Cannon Street Office Freedom Insurance Group, Inc. Helps Their Customers Save in the New Year Search Search for: Recent Posts Iluvit.club: Unique Service Helping People Find Great Recommendations From People With Similar Taste THE FOUNDER OF L.A.M.E 1 IS SHARING ANOTHER LOVE/RELATIONSHIP SECRETS FOR LOVERS – Amorous Amour Board Games Breakthrough recording artist Jesika von Rabbit launches unique ‘FUND A BUNNY’ crowd funding campaign DOSECC to Help Determine Viability of Deep Borehole Waste Storage Personal Risk Management Solutions (PRMS), has Again Been Shortlisted for the 2017 Private Asset Management (PAM) in the “Best High Net Worth Broker” Category Copyright © 2017 Military Technologies. Proudly powered by WordPress. | Theme: Awaken by ThemezHut.
Cookies policy New Scientist SUBSCRIBE AND SAVE 48% MANAGE MY ACCOUNT STUDENT Schools and universities GIVE A GIFT MENU HOME NEWS TECHNOLOGY SPACE PHYSICS HEALTH EARTH HUMANS LIFE TOPICS EVENTS JOBS Subscribe SEARCH LOG IN Email address Password } Create an account Forgotten password Activate/Link subscription OpenAthens login Advertisement Advertisement Last chance to book! The world of Galileo: Eight days in Italy to discover the science of the Renaissance Home News Humans This Week 26 November 2014 How baby talk gives your child the best start in life (Image: Chad Springer/Plainpicture) By Aviva Rutkin Just keep talking This article is being made free to view thanks to sponsorship from P&G THERE is only one real rule to conversing with a baby: talking is better than not talking. But that one rule can make a lifetime of difference. Advertisement That’s the message that the US state of Georgia hopes to send with Talk With Me Baby, a public health programme devoted to the art of baby talk. Starting in January, nurses will be trained in the best way to speak to babies to help them learn language, based on what the latest neuroscience says. Then they, along with teachers and nutritionists, will model this good behaviour for the parents they meet. Georgia hopes to expose every child born in 2015 in the Atlanta area to this speaking style; by 2018, the hope is to reach all 130,000 or so newborns across the state. Talk With Me Baby is the latest and largest attempt to provide “language nutrition” to infants in the US – a rich quantity and variety of words supplied at a critical time in the brain’s development. Similar initiatives have popped up in Providence, Rhode Island, where children have been wearing high-tech vests that track every word they hear, and Hollywood, where the Clinton Foundation has encouraged television shows like Parenthood and Orange is the New Black to feature scenes demonstrating good baby talk. “The idea is that language is as important to the brain as food is to physical growth,” says Arianne Weldon, director of Get Georgia Reading, one of several partner organisations involved in Talk With Me Baby. “The idea is that language is as important to the brain as food is to physical growth” “You don’t need a neuroscientist to tell you that it’s better to provide more supportive parenting and stimulating experiences,” says Martha Farah, a cognitive neuroscientist at the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia. “But neuroscience points us to specific pathways that might be good places to intervene.” Attention was drawn to the importance of language nutrition two decades ago by psychologists Betty Hart and Todd Risley at the University of Kansas. They tracked 42 families with young children for several years, noting the number and type of words that parents spoke to their children over the course of a typical day. The data revealed an alarming trend: by the age of 3, children from affluent families had heard some 30 million more words than their impoverished counterparts. Early language exposure has since been linked to a number of cognitive skills, including attention, memory and emotional development. For example, studies of bilingual children – who hear a greater variety of sounds – suggest that they are better at tasks such as ignoring irrelevant information and switching between different activities. Those who hear more words early on also have larger vocabularies and better real-time word processing by the age of 2. Grade boost Such findings have persuaded policy-makers that more and better conversations can help kids from disadvantaged backgrounds get ahead in school and in life. “Daily interactions help our youngest kids learn words, build vocabulary, and yes, develop their brains,” former US secretary of state Hillary Clinton told a conference at the New York Academy of Sciences earlier this month, where such interventions were discussed. “They lay a foundation for future success long before a child steps foot into a classroom for the first time. Sadly, however, many of our kids are not getting the support they need to grow and thrive to their fullest potential.” This is acutely felt in Georgia, where 27 per cent of children were living in poverty in 2012 – 5 per cent higher than the national average – and more than half are eligible for free or reduced price meals at school. The specific aim of Talk With Me Baby is to boost the state’s dismal school reading levels – just a third of children are reading proficiently by the age of 8 – but it will also be evaluated on its impact on overall well-being, reported via measures such as preschool expulsion rates. The first year of life is a particularly explosive time for neural growth. Although babies aren’t yet talking, their brains are already identifying common speech sounds by how often they appear. At this point, they can distinguish between nuances in languages as disparate as Chinese and Swedish, an ability that falls off as they age. It’s imperative that this language exposure happens in person. In a study run by Patricia Kuhl at the University of Washington, babies from English-speaking families sat through a dozen 25-minute sessions of reading and playing in Mandarin Chinese. Some spent their time face-to-face with a native Mandarin speaker, while others watched identical sessions on DVD or listened to audio while looking at a teddy bear. The former group learned to differentiate between Mandarin syllables as well as babies raised in Taiwan but the latter two could not. Through Talk With Me Baby, Weldon and her team intend to demonstrate effective speech to parents first-hand. One trick is to talk in parentese, the slow sing-song cadence that adults tend to slip into when speaking to children – studies suggest that infants pay more attention to it than to regular speech. Another is to talk about whatever seems to already draw the child’s attention, like a passing train or a toy, rather than try to get them to focus on something different. The professionals will be expected to demonstrate the good speech skills as they work. A nurse teaching a new mother how to give a bath, for example, might explain the steps directly to the baby while the adult listens. The project also plans to release a smartphone app for parents that plays videos of sample baby talk and suggests conversation topics based on your location. Meanwhile, other organisations are exploring what language nutrition can do for children. The Thirty Million Words initiative in Chicago teaches a 12-part language nutrition programme centred on “three Ts”: tune in, talk more and take turns. Jessica Polk, a Chicago mother of three, went through the programme several years ago. She says it helped her learn how to build conversations around what her baby was interested in. “We realised we should tune into what they want to do and they’ll pay attention more,” she says. “I’ve told a lot of people about it.” Thirty Million Words is now recruiting for a randomised control study. For five years, it will follow the progress of 200 Chicago families, half of whom will undergo language nutrition training, to see what kind of impact the intervention has on school readiness. “As we learn more about the brain and how it is connected, we’re able to be more effective in trying to impact this public health issue,” says Dana Suskind, founder of Thirty Million Words. “Brains aren’t born. They’re built”. “As we learn more about the brain, we’re able to be more effective in closing children’s language gap” Deep impacts The first 1000 days of life are a busy time for the growing brain. An impoverished environment can have a lasting impact. 1 The prefrontal cortex is behind much of our thinking and reasoning. Children born to parents with lower educational achievements tend to have thinner prefrontal cortices, which may explain why they are worse at filtering out distractions while they work – a skill specific to this brain region. 2 The hippocampus is responsible for learning and memory. Kids who had poor parental support in early childhood show signs of a smaller hippocampus by the time they reach school age. 3 A smaller amygdala, a structure that handles our emotions, has been associated with children from low-income homes or born to parents with less education. 4 During our early years, different regions of our brains start to specialise in certain tasks. Word tasks are delegated to the left side of the brain, in particular to Broca’s area. But fMRI scans of 5-year-olds found that the brains of those from disadvantaged backgrounds weren’t as specialised as their high-income counterparts. 5 MRI scans of children under 5 found that those from low-income families had lower volumes of grey matter in their frontal and parietal lobes, which are associated with working memory and language, among other things. That’s not to say that these changes can’t be overturned. The brain is most malleable in childhood, and responds well to interventions in the early years. For example, the Bucharest Early Intervention Project has followed 136 children from Romanian orphanages since 2000. Those placed in foster homes before they turned 2 showed higher brain activity across several different regions and higher scores on emotional and cognitive tests compared with those who remained in institutions. This article appeared in print under the headline “The art of baby talk” Article amended on 3 December 2014 When this article was first published, it mistakenly implied that Hart and Risley were the discoverers of the importance of language nutrition. More on these topics: brains psychology Advertisement Magazine issue 2997, published 29 November 2014 Download Buy In Print Subscribe Previous article Quantum searching gets a software upgrade Next article Polish ‘vampire’ burials weren’t just for outsiders Advertisement Sign up to our newsletter Enter your email address to get started Contact us FAQ About us Who’s who Advertise with us Advertise jobs with us Privacy and terms Write for us Science jobs Dating Shop RSS feeds Syndication information Events Travel The Collection Subscribe Account settings Gift subscriptions Student subscriptions Educational subscriptions Corporate subscriptions © Copyright Reed Business Information Ltd. Back to top
Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media Search Search Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2017 Adweek All Rights Reserved Grey New York Holds It in ‘Til Halftime in First Super Bowl Spot for Febreze Advertisement NEXT:Publicis Groupe Names Arthur Sadoun CEO, Surprises No One PREVIOUS:Here's a Look at Saatchi & Saatchi New York's New Offices Campaigns Grey New York Holds It in ‘Til Halftime in First Super Bowl Spot for Febreze By Erik Oster on Jan. 26, 2017 - 4:03 PMComment Grey New York unveiled what will be the first-ever Super Bowl spot for Procter & Gamble’s Febreze brand with an “Odor Ode” to the halftime bathroom break promoting Febreze with OdorCare. Kathryn Hahn (Parks and Recreation, Happyish, Transparent) provides the voiceover, which begins, “I love you halftime bathroom break,” before explaining that viewers hold it in for fear of missing any of the “can’t miss football” and “must-see commercials.” There’s just one thing about those bathroom breaks, though: sometimes they stink. The spot will make its broadcast debut during the second quarter of the Super Bowl, as some viewers are undoubtedly anticipating that halftime bathroom break. P&G vice president, Home Care North America and brand franchise leader for Gobal Air Care Martin Hettich told Adweek that Febreze with OdorCare is Febreze’s  “toughest [odor-eliminating] formula to date” and its “largest product innovation since our inception nearly 18 years ago. “We have no pre-game jitters,” he added. “We are really excited for the work, and we think it will drive a head nod and laugh from the millions of game-watching fans who can relate to the halftime bathroom break.” The big game spot is part of a larger “Odor Odes” campaign. Another “Odor Odes” spot sees a man, who apparently named his dog “Gordo,” profess his love for something else that can get a little stinky: his couch. Credits: Client: P&G / Febreze Agency: Grey New York Chief Creative Officer, Grey New York: Andreas Dahlqvist Executive Creative Director, Grey New York: Jeff Stamp Executive Creative Director, Grey New York: Leo Savage Creative Director, Grey New York: Lance Parrish Creative Director, Grey New York: Stephen Nathans Associate Creative Director, Grey New York: Patrick Conlon Associate Creative Director, Grey New York: Will Gardner Copywriter: David Mattera, Cuanan Cronwright, Leo Barbosa Project Director: Hank Romero Strategy Director, Grey New York: Justine Feron Strategist, Grey New York: Toni Dawkins EVP / Global Account Director, Grey New York: Rick Reilly SVP / Global Account Director, Grey New York: Mercedes Campos VP / Account Director, Grey New York: Kelly Norris Account Supervisor, Grey New York: Tim Carpenter Account Executive, Grey New York: Stephen Koepp Assistant Account Executive, Grey New York: Hannah Byrne Production Agency: Townhouse Townhouse President: Bennett McCarroll Townhouse SVP Head of Integrated Production: James McPherson Townhouse Exec. Integrated Producer: Tania Salter Townhouse Integrated Producer: Emily Darby Townhouse Music Producer: Zach Pollakoff, David Lapinsky Production Company: Knucklehead Executive Producer: Cathleen Kisich Director: Rob Leggatt Director of Photography: Ben Davis Music/Sound Design: Townhouse Studios Principal Talent: Kathryn Hahn Editorial: Final Cut Editor: Joe Guest Executive Producer: Sarah Roebuck Head of Production: Jen Sienkwicz Producer (NY): Brad Wood Producer (UK): Frankie Elster Assistant Editor (NY): Dan Berk Assistant Editor (UK): Kit Wells Postproduction Company: Significant Others Creative Director: Dirk Greene Lead VFX Artist: Dirk Greene VFX Artist: Betty Cameron VFX Artist: Eric Gelgand (freelance) GFX Artist: Phillip Brooks GFX Artist: Will Kim (freelance) VFX Producer: Alek Rost Telecine Company: Color Collective Colorist: Alex Bickel Executive Color Producer: Claudia Guevara Content Curation & Clearances: Catch&Release < Previous Article Next Article > Advertisement Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Advertisement Get AgencySpy delivered straight to your inbox Receive the Morning Media Newsfeed Receive news and offers from our friends and sponsors Thank you for subscribing. Please check your email to confirm An error has occurred, please try again later Please enter a valid email address Please confirm with the Recaptcha Recaptcha response was incorrect This email address is already subscribed to the selected list(s). You have been opted out of all Adweek Blog Network Newsletters. Send an anonymous tip Advertisement Featured Jobs Account Director Happy Medium Des Moines, IA or Chicago, IL News Producer News 12 Woodbury, New York Account Executive National Magazine Newtown, PA - Bucks Co Associate, Naming and Verbal Identity Landor Associates Chicago, Illinois Advertising Sales Account Executive - Entertainment, Theater Industry TheaterMania.com, Inc. New York City, New York (US) See more Jobs » Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Featured Courses Search Marketing Optimize your website through SEO, social media, and digital outreach Learn more >   Facebook Marketing Get smart about how to use Facebook for business Learn more >   Copywriting for Social Media Maximize your clicks, shares, retweets, and pin Learn more >   Skills in 60: How to Name Your Brand or Product Develop a unique name for any brand, product, or business Learn more >   See more Courses > Advertisement Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Advertisement Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2017 Adweek All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com
Wharton, University of Pennsylvania The K@W Network: English 简体中文 繁體中文 Español Portugués Log In Register Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Rows Knowledge @ Wharton Search World Search Topics Finance Innovation Leadership Marketing Management Public Policy Social Impact Technology Regions North America Asia-Pacific Europe Latin America Middle East & Africa Global Focus Research K@W Radio More Books Videos Opinion Sponsor Collaborations Reports About About Us Our Team Media Room News Feeds Partnerships Feedback Marketing The Growing Clout of Rural Consumers Jan 26, 2017 Books Podcasts Africa Arabic ASEAN Asia-Pacific China India Middle East & Africa Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Quote Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Quote Supports K@W's Marketing Content Almost half the world’s population is non-urban. More than three billion people live in the sprawling rural regions of Asia, Africa and other developing countries. Companies and governments cannot afford to ignore these consumers if they want to be successful, writes Vijay Mahajan in his recent book, Rise of Rural Consumers in Developing Countries: Harvesting 3 Billion Aspirations. Mahajan, a professor of marketing at the University of Texas at Austin, examines the main factors driving growth in rural markets, its major barriers, and how these can be overcome. In a conversation with Knowledge@Wharton, Mahajan notes that because of increased information flow thanks to rural migrants and communications technology, rural consumers have similar aspirations as their urban counterparts do. Still, there is a lot still left to understand about consumer behavior in rural areas, like family relationships and the importance of religious and social events. An edited transcript of the conversation follows. Knowledge@Wharton: What inspired you to write this book? Vijay Mahajan: When I was working on my last book The Arab World Unbound, it was the first time I had gone to 18 countries, including the Persian Gulf countries. I kept seeing the organizations and the infrastructure. And the moment I got out of the Gulf countries and went to Jordan and then to Egypt and Morocco, it hit me that I had missed a very important component of the developing countries. This was the fact that apart from the Gulf countries, the rest of the world was predominantly rural. I started talking to companies, especially in Egypt and in Morocco, about what the consequences are of the urban versus rural divide. Although I gained some data I really did not investigate much. I also realized that for my book titled The 86% Solution, as well as for Africa Rising, I had mostly gone to major urban centers because that’s where the headquarters are [of companies like] Coca-Cola and Unilever. They took me to all the major urban centers because they wanted to showcase what they were doing. When I came back and started looking at some other data, I realized this is a very major issue. India alone has a 70% rural population. The more I dug into that, I realized that almost half of the world’s population is non-urban. And interestingly, more than 3 billion people live in rural regions in Asia, Africa and the developing countries. What also surprised me was that even the U.S. was ninth in terms of the largest rural population. I started digging a little bit about the U.S. in terms of health care, education and so on. But then, I moved back to the developing countries and decided to focus on 10 of them. I realized that out of the 3 billion who live in Africa and Asia, 1 billion were just in South Asia — in Pakistan, Bangladesh, India and the small neighboring countries. Knowledge@Wharton: If you were to look at the 10 major rural markets you have identified in the book, what are the main factors driving their growth? “Rural aspirations are very much the same as in urban areas.” Mahajan: Three or four factors underlie their growth. One, there is a dedicated movement from the governments. I saw that with China, with Vietnam, with Thailand and also, to some extent, with India. Governments are trying to develop policies to help eradicate poverty. The second most important aspect I noticed was rural migration. All migrants from rural areas send money back home. But it’s not only the money; it’s also the impact [they create]. Many of them have gone outside the country – from India to the Middle East for example, as cooks, drivers and maids and they talk to their families back home on Skype, on mobile phones. So rural migrants are becoming major influencers in their villages and towns. Also, as compared to urban centers, rural centers are still very much into religion and culture and the most amazing things happen during the religious and social holidays like the Chinese New Year, Tet [New Year] in Vietnam or during Ramadan. Technology is also playing a major role in spreading information in farming, in health care, etc. So several factors are creating a lot of excitement, which I probably would not have seen 10 or 15 years ago. Knowledge@Wharton: When you talk to companies and chief marketing officers, have they tapped into the rise of rural consumers? Or is this an underserved market? Mahajan: Almost all the companies I met are aware that urban centers are saturated. They also know that urbanization is not going to happen overnight. India is where the U.S. used to be in the 1880s. China is where the U.S. was in the 1920s. It took the U.S. 90 years to get to this urbanization of 81%. Sponsored Content: I think companies are aware of the fact that governments would like to have urbanization, sometimes artificially. But the rural population is not going to go away. Unilever, for instance, simply cannot survive in South Asia if they ignore 1 billion rural people. Out of the 6 billion people in the developing countries, almost one-sixth or one-third are rural consumers. The companies know that this much population cannot be ignored and they have to find ways to approach them. I did see different strategies, for example, with P&G. But there’s also a lot of work that needs to be done to develop these markets. Some [companies] are doing better than others, but they are all fully aware that there is a huge market that cannot be ignored. Knowledge@Wharton: In addition to companies like Unilever and P&G, which other companies are furthest along in understanding the potential of rural markets? Mahajan: Mobile companies and entertainment companies have done well in understanding rural markets. [For example, in the entertainment sector] there is now a big wave to develop television shows based on rural centers and small towns, which also appeal to the urban population. There is a realization that there are a lot of aspirations in rural areas and we have to develop content around that. This point about aspirations in fact influenced the title of my book. Rural aspirations are very much the same as in urban areas. When you talk to the young people like drivers in Mumbai or construction workers in Shanghai, they are fully aware of the brands, which is a good brand, cost-wise, they are aware of all that. They send that information back home, thanks to mobile phones, Skype, FaceTime, etc. “Rural migrants are becoming major influencers in their villages and towns.” The information flow is very fast between urban and rural consumers. Also, there is satellite television — some countries are ahead of others in this area. I think they are different maybe because of their electricity [availability]. The Chinese are 100% electrified, which gives them a big advantage. Vietnam is trying to do the same. In India, electricity is an issue. Ethiopia has a major issue, Nigeria has a major issue. Knowledge@Wharton: You have a chapter on how technology can seed innovation that transforms rural markets. Could you offer some examples of how companies like FINO [a banking technology platform ] and financial services companies are using technology to gain access to rural consumers? Mahajan: In fact, this topic became so fascinating to me that I am now putting together my thoughts for my next book, which focuses only on this subject — digital leapfrogging and strategy in developing countries. Over the past two months I have been talking to a lot of people and everyone advised me to first go to the Western world — to first visit Estonia — because these people are actually providing everything digitally. What I saw there was that many of them are taking advantage of the lack of infrastructure — for instance, the radio channel created by Unilever. And there’s a story of an American girl from Stanford [University], who noticed the ‘missed call’ behavior in India and came up with the idea of pushing promotions [via missed calls]. Her firm was acquired by Twitter. There are also examples from health care. For instance, there’s a former professor from Arizona State [University] who has developed a testing kit via mobile technology for use in rural areas. There are also education initiatives, like the Stata Center at MIT which is doing work in Northeast India. In the cyber cities in China, what amazed me was how they are linked with Alibaba and others, and how through their platform a small farmer who has a very unique product is able to sell it to everybody. In entertainment, people can get songs, music, etc. on their mobile phones. So I think technology is going all across, in terms of promotions, providing services and providing information. Knowledge@Wharton: You also found that innovation and technology are being used to overcome social problems in rural markets. Could you share some examples of these? Mahajan: Absolutely. Some NGOs for instance are developing content for farmers — what to harvest, when to sell, what to buy and so on. Interestingly, they are spreading this information through entertainment — through movies that are very much like Bollywood movies but the subject is about using technology [to improve farming techniques]. There are actually several [movies] on social issues, all the way from women empowerment to hygiene. For example, on how important it is for women to wash their hands before they breastfeed their babies. In Ethiopia, the Gates Foundation has done an amazing job in linking farmers online through mobile. The farmers can get information about coffee prices, how the market is moving, about harvesting and so on. There are several social organizations that are using technology very creatively. Knowledge@Wharton: You end the book with a section on the five major barriers to the last mile. Could you identify what the barriers are to companies being able to tap into the potential of rural markets and how can they overcome these? “There’s a lot about consumer behavior, like family relationships, that needs to be understood.” Mahajan: I identified these barriers by reflecting on all the countries that I have listed [and then looking at issues like] why China is steps ahead of somebody else, why Vietnam is ahead of somebody else, why Thailand is ahead of somebody else. In China, for example, it was infrastructure that really hit me. So that became my one barrier for the rest of the countries — that they need to overcome their infrastructure problems. In the book, I focused on electricity because while these countries have many [infrastructure] issues, I was totally convinced that if they have to really pick one thing to solve, it has to be electricity. That’s because these days, you can talk about mobile phones and whatnot, but the fact of the matter is they have to be charged. You can talk about providing children education, but in the evenings if they don’t have electricity, they are going to be held back. You can talk about how the satellite TVs are available but if there is no electricity nothing is going to happen in these areas. So infrastructure became one barrier that I wanted to identify. Another thing that I noticed was social issues. There are many, many social issues but the one that really hit me was women empowerment. For example, in Vietnam, during surveys when women are asked, “What is your profession?” they don’t say “housewife.” They always have something to do. In Nigeria, you will find market ladies everywhere, the small entrepreneurs. In China, I saw the contribution that women are making, not only in education, but in every sector. So it was very obvious to me that women empowerment is very important. I started reflecting on what is going on in one country that is not going on in another country and how can they collectively move forward. That was the reason I suggested, that just like we have BRIC, we should also have a block of these 10 countries. And they should have a conference every year, like the global Consumer Electronics Show [in Las Vegas], where entrepreneurs from all over the world can come and showcase the innovations they have developed that can benefit developing countries and more specifically, the rural areas. The event could include firms from industries such as banking, education, entertainment, infrastructure, etc. We also have issues around health and education in rural areas. I think if these 10 countries can collectively focus on these five issues, they can really uplift the life of almost two-thirds of the world population. Knowledge@Wharton: What does the future look like for rural markets and rural consumers? Mahajan: If you talk to experts on urbanization, they all say that you cannot stop urbanization because it’s going to happen. Beijing, for example, is not the Beijing that I went to for the first time because it has simply expanded — they have a whole bunch of these areas developed around Beijing into a mega-city. So I think that urbanization probably would happen, and that is important to me. I think it is impacting consumer behavior. For example, in one of the very tiny villages that I visited in India I asked a farmer, “Do you have a TV?” He said, “Of course I have a TV.” I asked, “Do you have a car?” He said, “No, I have a truck.” “Do you have mobile phones?” “Of course, we have three mobile phones.” And then I asked, “Do you have a toilet?” He said, “Of course we have a toilet, what do you mean we don’t have a toilet?” And he pointed out the toilet to me. And then, after about 10 minutes, the conversation changed and he said, “I love my lifestyle here. It’s so free. I get up in the morning when everybody is asleep, I go to the farm, I relieve myself there, I talk to nature, then I come back home.” So then, I caught him. I said, “Sir, you just told me that you have a toilet and now you’re telling me that you don’t use that toilet, and that you go to the farm in the morning?” He knew that I had caught him. He said, “No, I can’t do that at home because it smells and it’s only for the ladies.” So I think there’s a lot about consumer behavior, like family relationships, that needs to be understood. Take the importance of the religious holidays or the importance of the harvest time. Many of the farm workers in Pakistan, for example, take off after the harvest season because that’s when they have the money. I think so long as there is some component of the agriculture sector, the entire lifestyle in rural areas will be around the harvest, the seasons, and many of the religious and social holidays. I don’t think that’s going to go away. In China, too, when I asked a construction company [head], “When do you lose most of your workers? He said, “First, during the Chinese New Year. Second, during the harvest time.” Many of these people just go back home. It doesn’t matter how small the fields are. So I don’t think that component is going to disappear — just like in the U.S., when you see the difference between the rural areas and the urban areas. Knowledge@Wharton: You also see this a lot in India. Domestic workers take off during the harvest season and go back to their villages. Mahajan: Absolutely. I saw this in every country. I saw that in China, I saw that in Bangkok. In Bangkok — many of these people come to Bangkok during the off season and become taxi drivers. And then, when it comes to harvest season, they all go back to help their families. The most interesting was in Indonesia. During the harvest season and also during Ramadan, they all go home. And the rich people move into hotels because there is no help. I could be wrong, but I don’t think that this lifestyle and consumer behavior will disappear. I think there’s always going to be some component of that. And even when you look at the numbers — for example, the Chinese are where the U.S. was in the 1920s, India is in 1880s — it’s hard for me to believe that they are going to be urbanized like the U.S., at least in my lifetime. I don’t think that’s going to happen. Supports K@W's Marketing Content Citing Knowledge@Wharton Close For Personal use: Please use the following citations to quote for personal use: MLA "The Growing Clout of Rural Consumers." Knowledge@Wharton. The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania, 26 January, 2017. Web. 28 January, 2017 <http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/why-companies-need-to-understand-rural-markets-in-developing-countries/> APA The Growing Clout of Rural Consumers. Knowledge@Wharton (2017, January 26). Retrieved from http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/why-companies-need-to-understand-rural-markets-in-developing-countries/ Chicago "The Growing Clout of Rural Consumers" Knowledge@Wharton, January 26, 2017, accessed January 28, 2017. http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/why-companies-need-to-understand-rural-markets-in-developing-countries/ For Educational/Business use: Please contact us for repurposing articles, podcasts, or videos using our content licensing contact form. Additional Reading Marketing Why Product Recommendations Can Lead to Bad Decisions New Wharton research reveals some surprising data about how consumers react to specific language used in word of mouth reviews, and why that language could lead some astray. Social Impact How Economic Realities in Saudi Arabia Can Benefit Women Two major Indian IT firms have set up women-only workplaces in Saudi Arabia. Will the initiative to empower women succeed? Sponsored Content Leveraging Customer Analytics: The Airline Industry Wharton professor and analytics expert Peter Fader joins WNS executive Raj SivaKumar to discuss the power of harnessing customer analytics for business success in the airline industry.   Join The Discussion No Comments So Far Log In or sign up to comment Knowledge@Wharton Partners View All Partners Partner Collaborations Become a Content Partner The Wharton School is committed to sharing its intellectual capital through the school’s online business journal, Knowledge@Wharton. Podcasts Hear what CEOs, Wharton faculty, and other commentators have to say about the latest business trends, breaking news and market research in their own words. Listen Now stay informed Get Knowledge@Wharton delivered to your inbox every week. Follow us on: Facebook Twitter  LinkedIn About Knowledge@Wharton Become a Content Partner Privacy Policy Feedback All materials copyright of the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.
HOME NEWS FEATURES The Sweetest Thing: Nia Long As a central figure in a bevy of black film classics, Nia’s roles—and real life—trace Beauty & Fashion Cars Culture & Lifestyle Entertainment Music Tech Travel PHOTOS THE MAG TV EVENTS UPTOWNSocial HOME NEWS FEATURES Beauty & Fashion Cars Culture & Lifestyle Entertainment Music Tech Travel PHOTOS THE MAG TV EVENTS UPTOWNSocial Go to ...HOME NEWS FEATURES– Beauty & Fashion – Cars – Culture & Lifestyle – Entertainment – Music – Tech – Travel PHOTOS THE MAG TV EVENTS UPTOWNSocial Mary J. Blige & Usher Are Headlining The 2017 Cincinnati Music Festival Posted by Annika Harris on Jan 26, 2017 Prev postNext post Use ← → keys to browse With Mary J. Blige and Usher headlining during the three nights of amazingness that is the Cincinnati Music Festival, this year’s concert series is set to be the BIGGEST the Queen City has seen. The Cincinnati Music Festival Presented by Procter & Gamble will take place July 27-29 at Paul Brown Stadium. For 50 years, it’s been known as one of the premier R&B music festivals in the country. UPTOWN had a blast at last year’s festival in which Charlie Wilson, Fantasia, and New Edition were among the performers, and more than 55,000 people attended. On Thursday, July 27th, Rob Bass, Kid Capri, and Doug E. Fresh will take the stage for VIBE’s Throwback Thursday, which is sponsored by the Cincinnati USA Convention & Visitors Bureau’s multicultural platform — Vibe Cincinnati. The night will include a fashion show by Shingo. General admission is $50, while VIP is $100 and includes two premium drink tickets, appetizers, swag bag, and official CMF credential and lanyard. A portion of every ticket sold will go to the CVB’s Institute for Hospitality Institute. En Vogue, SWV, Bell Biv Devoe, and Kem will join MJB at the stadium on Friday, July 28th, for a night that will definitely flashback to the best of ’90s R&B. Then on Saturday, July 29th, Confunkshun, Anthony Hamilton, Fantasia, and Usher will rock the stadium, closing out what promises to be another successful Cincinnati Music Festival. Tickets are available through Ticketmaster now. And don’t forget to check out our suggestions on where to stay and what to do in Cincinnati during the day. Prev postNext post Use ← → keys to browse PREV: On the Move: MLK Weekend In The 2016 Toyota Prius Four Touring NEXT: 9 Questions With Keith Powers Of ‘The New Edition Story’ Related Posts Wayne Brady Is Joining ‘Hamilton’ Quick Pics (+ VIDEO): Trombone Shorty Rocks #FHNY Trombone Shorty & Orleans Avenue Headline Columbia’s Famously Hot New Year Celebration Around The Web SUBSCRIBE TO UPTOWN Subscribe - Digital (All) Subscribe - Digital (iOS) Clique Galleries 'UNDERGROUND' Season 2 Party ForUsByUs Exhibit at Long Gallery NYC & LA Screenings Of 'SPLIT' Weinstein/Netflix Golden Globes After-Party Also From The Web Avatars by Sterling Adventures © 2017 UPTOWN Magazine | Login About Contact Media Kit Subscriptions Privacy Policy Find Uptown
null
On The Cover Subscribe Men's Journal Gear Health & Fitness Adventure Food & Drink More Health & Fitness Adventure Food & Drink Style Where to Ski Now Entertainment Travel Sports Features Beer Collections Whiskey Workouts Watches Weight Loss Cars Grooming Four-Day Weekend Recipes Best Places to Live Nutrition Life Advice Gift Ideas Books Beards Subscribe Record Book Editor's Picks Public Land For Sale! Here Are Some of the 3.3 Million Acres Being Eyed for "Disposal" These Astrobiology Students Are trying to Brew Beer On the Moon The Only TRX Workout You’ll Ever Need Running Coast to Coast in 42 Days Ski-Mountaineering's Power of Four Race Training, Week 2: It Takes Two to Race RIP 'Surfing Magazine': The Rag That Captured the Sport in All Its Irreverent Glory Getting Fit From Scratch: Stronger Shoulders, Stronger Abs The Italian Hero: Alfa Romeo's Giulia Quadrifoglio grooming Do I Really Need to Exfoliate My Skin? By  Mikelle Street Credit: Getty Images It can be difficult to keep up with all of the advice on how to keep your skin healthy. Using a face wash and not a soap, for instance, or rubbing yourself down with activated charcoal to fix oily skin. Through all of that, though, showering stayed simple — pretty much the same since we started using showers. But that might be poised to change, too, with a move toward daily body exfoliation. Here’s how to know if it should be part of your morning routine. MORE: Earth-Friendly Exfoliators What is body exfoliation? First of all, the idea of exfoliation isn’t new. It’s “the use of either physical exfoliants, like crystals, or chemical exfoliants, like acids, to remove dead skin,” says Dr. Macrene Alexiades, a New York–based dermatologist. In other words, your body constantly makes new skin cells. Exfoliation is the process of clearing the dead ones away. When we clear dead skin away, it helps speed up how our skin renews, making us look more revitalized and healthier, says Dr. Marko Lens, a plastic surgeon who specializes in anti-aging treatments. After exfoliation, skin should appear brighter, softer, and healthier. Without exfoliation, dead cell buildup can make your skin look weathered and cracked, which makes sense: You’re basically wearing a suit of dead cells. When we talk about exfoliation, we’re usually referring to techniques for clearing dead skin from your lips, or from you feet or hands as during pedicures and manicures. In the past it’s been mostly marketed to women. But guy-centric salons are getting hip to the idea. Grooming Lounge’s services for men turns up treatments like the GL Signature Manicure, a foot treatment, and various types of facials, all of which include some sort of exfoliation. Some skincare companies have developed at-home exfoliation products, like Baxter of Califonia’s Exfoliating Body Bar, Menscience’s Buff Body Gloves, and, most recently, Procter & Gamble’s Duo. “[Our] team looked globally at things that people use to exfoliate their bodies when bathing — we looked at rags and netted puffs and even pumice stones, which are popular in China,” says Jamie Stahl, P&G principal scientist, about the Duo, which was rolled out in P&G brands Old Spice, Ivory, and Olay this month. “As we designed the Duo, we tried to find that perfect balance of exfoliating implements or texture that would allow the consumer to give the right pressure and the right angle of the little scrubbers.” Feet, hands, and lips aren’t the only places where you stack up a surplus of dead dermis. You can get a buildup on your elbows and knees, too. And for that, you need something more versatile than an exfoliating face scrub — which is where all of those exfoliating body scrubbers come into play. But even if products like the Duo are marketed for everyday use, that doesn’t necessarily mean daily exfoliation is right for you. ALSO: The 20 Best Grooming Gifts for Men “Men don't need to use any more than a washcloth or their hands over their face with a gentle wash,” says Dr. David Colbert, founder of the New York Dermatology Group. Doing much more than that could actually damage your skin. “By doing too much exfoliation, there is a risk that we remove good lipids from the skin and compromise a function of the skin barrier which is important to protect us from the environmental assaults.” Lens says. According to Stahl, this could look like redness, rough skin, or chafing after exfoliating. So what should I be doing? Like any good dermatologist will tell you, just pay attention to your skin. Exfoliating scrubbers, like a pumice stone or the rough side of the Duo, could irritate people with sensitive skin, leaving them feeling dry, stretched, or chafed. At the same time, maybe you just naturally grow a ton of skin and you constantly need to exfoliate. To each their own. If you have no idea how your skin will react, get something like the Duo that works on both types of skin. Add a Comment Sign Up for the Men's Journal Newsletter! Please enable javascript to sign up for the newsletter. Men's Journal delivers it all so you can savor the journey— as much as the destination Subscribe Digital Issue Give a Gift © Men's Journal 2017 Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Your Ad Choices Data Policy Terms of Use Contact Us Customer Service Media Kit Sitemap
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 3 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest P&G modifies ad claims on Pampers Ads for Pampers Easy Ups diapers are changed after rival challenges them as misleading. Post to Facebook P&G modifies ad claims on Pampers Ads for Pampers Easy Ups diapers are changed after rival challenges them as misleading.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2kunBHE {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs P&G modifies ad claims on Pampers Alexander Coolidge, Cincinnati Enquirer 7:29 p.m. ET Jan. 25, 2017 Actress Ali Larter and little guests appear at an event promoting Pampers in 2014 (Photo: Diane Bondareff, Invision for Pampers) CINCINNATI -- Procter & Gamble has agreed to modify some advertising claims promoting its Pampers Easy Ups diapers after a rival challenged them as misleading. The Cincinnati-based consumer products giant, however, said it would appeal a National Advertising Division decision against other claims used to advertise its children's training pants. That appeal will be heard by the National Advertising Review Board, an appeals panel established by the industry to police advertising. P&G launched an updated and more absorbent version of its Easy Ups last year. Advertising claims made to promote the product included: "you'll see drier nights," "doesn't leak like ordinary training pants," "the best way to potty-train" and "the easiest way to underwear." Dallas-based Kimberly-Clark, which makes Huggies Pull-Ups training diapers, quickly cried foul. It argued to the regulatory body that P&G made claims it couldn't back. P&G voluntarily agreed to stop using the "you'll see drier nights" claim. However, it argued "doesn't leak like ordinary training pants" was modified in advertising with a clearly visible disclaimer that read: "versus the leading value brand, based on size 2T-3T." Kimberly-Clark said the disclaimer was not enough and that the first part of the claim could be interpreted by consumers to include its Huggies brand as well. The National Advertising Division agreed with Kimberly-Clark and P&G agreed to change the phrasing. The National Advertising Division also told P&G to stop using "the best way to potty-train" and "the easiest way to underwear" in advertising, saying the company could not support those claims. P&G defended those last two phrases as "puffery" – permitted advertising claims that are vague, highly subjective or unquantifiable. "P&G respectfully disagrees with NAD's determination that the phrase 'the easiest way to underwear' communicates an objective performance claim of 'faster' or 'easier' toilet training rather than non-actionable puffery, and will appeal this determination," P&G said in a statement attached to the National Advertising Division's decision. 3 CONNECTTWEET 1 LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2kunBHE NEVER MISS OUT Managing Your Money Master your money with the latest business and investment news, articles and tips from financial experts each Friday. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Managing Your Money NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
Toggle Close Makeup Skin Hair Fashion Lifestyle Celebrity Best of Beauty Beauty Box Subscribe Newsletter Sign Up Makeup Skin Hair Fashion Lifestyle Celebrity Best of Beauty Beauty Box Follow magazinenewsletterSubscribe Hair Herbal Essences Bio:Renew Goes Back to Basics with New Naturals Formula By Deena Campbelldeenacampbell January 27, 2017 facebook dialog Pinterest facebook dialog Pinterest Email Hannah Choi/Allure It’s been over 45 years since Herbal Essences launched, and now the brand is debuting a line of products that marries nature with science. The new Herbal Essences Bio:Renew line doesn’t promise a climax-inducing shampoo (gosh we miss those '90s shower commercials), but it does offer nine collections of shampoos, conditioners and stylers that are free of colorants, parabens and gluten, and are designed to address every hair type and need. Here’s the deal: Procter & Gamble (the parent company of Herbal Essences) formulated the line using an antioxidant and amino acid called histidine, that's derived from fermented corn sugar. Histidine is able to find the elements that are damaging your hair and "traps" them so that they can be washed away, out of your hair, or at least make them inactive until the next time you wash your hair. Similar to how a superfood works in the body, Bio:Renew protects hair from the inside out by trapping, neutralizing and removing the build-up of free radicals that wreak havoc on hair—caused by everyday factors such as pollution, coloring, sun exposure and even the copper found in the tap water we use to wash our hair. Also in the mix is aloe (which is loaded with minerals that promote nutrient absorption) and sea kelp (a natural source of vitamins A, B1, B2, C, D, and E) inside each product. You May Also Like HairOlivia Wilde Cut Her Hair and Everyone Is Freaking Out HairGigi Hadid's Rose Gold Hair Is Everything “Histidine actually has a very high attraction to copper,” Rachel Zipperian, in Herbal Essences's research and development told Allure. “We know copper in our hair is very damaging. But we were able to formulate [the product] so that the histidine actually is absorbed into the hair. Normal haircare really just treats the surface of something dead.” We asked Randy Schueller a cosmetic chemist and the cofounder of thebeautybrains.com, to find out if removing minerals from your hair really makes a substantial difference. “The bottom line is that removing minerals from hair can improve hair health to some extent,” says Randy Schueller. “Traditional [bonding] agents can cause some some conditioners to become unstable so they don't work well...to solve this problem P&G formulated a system with histidine that stabilizes [the antioxidants].” However, histidine isn't a miracle worker—in that you won't see instant results—especially immediately after use. Schueller is unsure if the average person will be able to detect it. “The technology could work but the [change in hair health] could be quite small,” he says. Other cool hair products to try: The Philosophy Amazing Grace Dry Shampoo Will Save Your Oily Strands The SHHHOWERCAP Shower Cap Will Actually Save Your Blowout The Kristin Ess Hair Line Is Going to Be Major The good news is, the Herbal Essences Bio:Renew collection worked for me after several washes. I tried the Coconut Milk collection which is designed to hydrate hair, and after two washes, my brittle hair felt softer. To be honest, it didn't soften it as much as the Herbal Essences Herbal Essences Totally Twisted Curl Silkening Detanglerbut, not many products truly detangle and soften my supercurly hair. But, the scent (which we've all come to love) transferred to my pillowcase—and lingered for days, so I was pleased. Seriously, if you take a whiff of each product within the collection, you'll feel like you've been transported to a botanical garden in the middle of the spring. Mix that smell with steam from your shower and you're standing in flower heaven. So whether you enjoy earthy scents, or sweet smells or need extra moisture or volume, bio: renew has something for everyone. The complete Bio:Renew collection has nine collections (Coconut Milk; Argan Oil of Morocco; Cucumber & Green Tea; Golden Moringa Oil; Vitamin E & Cocoa Butter; Passion Flower & Rice Milk; Arabica Coffee Fruit; Rosemary & Herbs; and White Grapefruit & Mosa Mint) of shampoos and conditioners and offers four stylers, all for $5.99 each. Now watch the 10 commandments of curly hair: Vote for your favorite makeup, skin, hair, and body products by February 20, 2017, and you'll be entered for chances to win one of four awesome beauty prizes! # Keywords herbal essenceshampooconditioner # Keywords herbal essenceshampooconditioner facebook dialog Pinterest Email Collections Hot Rollers Bouncy voluminous curls for every texture. Buy ItRead Review T3 Volumizing Hot Rollers Luxe Read Review Dove Oxygen Moisture Leave In Foam Read Review John Frieda Body & Shine Smooth Waves Read Review Living Proof Hold Flexible Hairspray Read Review Conair Thermal Self-Grip Rollers Koko's New 'Do Khloé Kardashian’s Half-Up Hairstyle Only Looks Like It's Hard to Do Total time: Under 15 minutes. January 27, 2017 I Love the 90s Herbal Essences Goes Back to Basics with New Naturals Formula The nostalgia is SO real. January 27, 2017 Cool Tool This Impossible-to-Find Curling Iron Just Got Rereleased Celebrity stylists are freaking out—and we are, too. January 27, 2017 new 'do Gigi Hadid's Rose Gold Hair Is Everything SO on trend. January 27, 2017 Brunette Babe Niall Horan Is No Longer Blond, But He's Still Very Cute That's [not] what makes him beautiful. January 26, 2017 Cut away Olivia Culpo Just Joined Team Lob And she cut it in a hotel room. January 26, 2017 On the Go One Woman Literally Dyed Her Hair on the Subway You have to see it to believe it. January 26, 2017 best of the best The 5 Best Drugstore Hair Products, According to Reddit The Internet has spoken. January 25, 2017 Sign Up for Our Newsletter Get your daily dose of beauty tips, tricks, and news, sent straight to your inbox.Sign Up Now Subscribe to the Magazine + Get a Free Salon Tote!Subscribe Now HairThe 5 Best Drugstore Hair Products, According to Reddit HairWhy Hair Dusting Is the New Way to Save Your Hair Length HairThe Most Popular Pinterest Hairstyles to Try Now Subscription ServicesCareersCondé Nast StoreSite MapAbout AllureContact the EditorsAccessibility HelpNewsletter Sign UpRSS Feeds our sites Allure Architectural Digest Ars Technica Backchannel Bon Appétit Brides Condé Nast Traveler Epicurious Glamour Golf Digest Golf World GQ GQ Style Pitchfork Self Style Teen Vogue The New Yorker The Scene Vanity Fair Vogue W Wired Cond\é Nast © 2017 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our  User Agreement (effective 1/2/2016) and  Privacy Policy  (effective 1/2/2016). Allure may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. Your California Privacy Rights . The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Business Economy Companies Opinion Markets A-Z Alex Telegraph Connect Events More Telegraph Business Tesco clinching Booker's Charles Wilson is the biggest win of them all A match made in heaven? Julia Bradshaw 27 January 2017 • 5:05pm Retail experts and City bankers might have wildly differing views on the merits of a Tesco/Booker merger, but what they all seem to agree on is that for Britain's biggest supermarket chain, snapping up Booker’s chief executive Charles Wilson is possibly the biggest coup of the entire deal. The 50-year-old retail veteran, who started his career at Procter & Gamble and was number two at M&S under the stewardship of Stuart Rose, took the helm at Booker in 2007,  as it was demerged from frozen goods giant Iceland and listed as a separate company. At the time, Booker was a bit of a basket case. The company Mr Wilson inherited was a far cry from the successful corporate behemoth of today that boasts a substantial cash pile and a slow, yet dependable, track record of growth. A businessman known for being as prudent as he is shrewd, Mr Wilson quickly set about restructuring the massively indebted business, focused its strategy and expanded its remit into catering and other areas. He oversaw Booker’s acquisition of fellow wholesaler Makro in 2012 and the purchase of Musgrave Retail Partners in 2015, the company that owns the Londis and Budgens chains. Booker Group 1-year share price He’s been called a “genius”, “remarkably likeable”, “one of the most intelligent men on earth” and “annoying talented” by his peers. He’s also been touted as a possible successor to Tesco’s boss, Dave Lewis. There’s even speculation that, as part of the merger, Wilson himself might assume the top job. “Charles Wilson is seen as a major capture for Tesco and already touted as Lewis’s heir apparent,” said Gary Hobbs, senior equity analyst at Investec Wealth & Investment. Russ Mould, investment director at AJ Bell, said: “Tesco’s poor prior track record with acquisitions raises question marks, while Booker has done a brilliant job with its purchase of Makro, so Wilson’s expertise will be welcome in the Tesco board.” Clive Black, an analyst at Shore Capital, said: “Charles is a talented, fabulous bloke. He is a wonderful intellect and has been a one-man corporate success story in his own right so he is hot property in the British retail world. “He could be running any of the FTSE 100 retailers in the UK if he wanted to. Certainty the odds on him as the next Tesco CEO have shortened.” While the management structure of a TescoBooker is still unclear, what is certain is that Mr Wilson will join Tesco’s board. He also has a five-year lock-in on his shares, which means he’s in it for the long run. As for Booker, the company is now embarking on the next chapter of its varied near 200-year history. Like many businesses, Booker has changed shape several times, buying up businesses, then selling them again - it once owned a fish processing firm - and going from boom to bust. It traces its roots back to the early 19th century when brothers Josias, George and Richard Booker sailed to Guyana, then known as Demerara, to seek their fortunes. They set up sugar plantations, bought their own ships and established trading houses in Liverpool which prospered in the rum and sugar trade. Over time and after a number of major changes, Booker, which in 1969 sponsored the first Booker prize, grew into a food wholesaler we know today. What lies ahead now is anyone's guess. Follow Telegraph Business READ MORE ABOUT: Retail and Consumer industry Booker Prize Tesco plc Show more Business latest 27 Jan 2017, 9:08pm Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.9bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' 27 Jan 2017, 8:58pm Comment: Good start to the new strategy, Mrs May – now the work begins  Andrew Sentance Premium 27 Jan 2017, 8:46pm Comment: Tesco’s Booker bet on Brexit Britain    Allister Heath Premium 27 Jan 2017, 8:10pm Brussels bank capital plan criticised by Bank of England 27 Jan 2017, 5:58pm Food suppliers fear fresh pressure as Tesco swoops on Booker  27 Jan 2017, 5:54pm Why is Tesco buying Booker and what does it mean for shoppers? 27 Jan 2017, 5:43pm Countryside shares dip as majority investor offloads stake, while EasyJet and Pearson struggle 27 Jan 2017, 3:47pm Shell to announce major retreat from North Sea with $3bn sale of assets to Chrysaor 27 Jan 2017, 1:17pm Alarm sounded over whether Britain can afford £178bn military spending plans 27 Jan 2017, 12:44pm US shale surge stalls weekly oil price gains 27 Jan 2017, 10:51am Alliance Trust to shrink by a quarter 27 Jan 2017, 10:25am Lending to buy-to-let landlords halves at Paragon as new rules take effect 27 Jan 2017, 9:30am BT profits dive in wake of Italian scandal 27 Jan 2017, 9:30am Stepping back from a company can be good for founders – and staff 27 Jan 2017, 9:17am Questor: you've built a portfolio yielding 5.2pc - now conquer the tax Premium 27 Jan 2017, 6:00am Hong Kong investor snaps up Paddington office block for almost £300m 26 Jan 2017, 10:58pm Alphabet shares fade as Google phone costs drag on profits 26 Jan 2017, 8:54pm Comment: It looks like the UK will defy its critics again this year Allister Heath Premium 26 Jan 2017, 8:30pm Comment: Focus on a job applicant’s potential, not their past  Mike Cherry Premium 26 Jan 2017, 8:03pm Comment: A trade deal with the US might be tempting, but at what price?  Juliet Samuel Premium 26 Jan 2017, 6:56pm Co-op Bank warns it will miss capital target If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 Your support makes a big difference In order to bring you award-winning content and investigative journalism from your favourite writers, we rely on revenue generated by advertising. Please consider supporting us by turning off your ad blocker. Just a couple of clicks will make a big difference. Thank you. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News All Local News Off-Island Gazette West Island Gazette Montreal @ the moment Quebec National World Opinion All Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters Aislin and Pascal editorial cartoons Sports All Sports Hockey Inside/Out Hockey Hockey Inside/Out All Hockey Montreal Canadiens NHL World Juniors Football All Football Montreal Alouettes CFL NFL Soccer All Soccer Montreal Impact MLS Baseball Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Tennis Golf Auto Racing Business All Business FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Energy Local Business All Local Business Aerospace Personal Finance Real Estate Retail Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Tech-Biz Arts Local Arts All Arts Showbiz Chez Nous Montreal movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Montreal theatre Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Food All Food Recipes Local Food Reviews Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Diet & Fitness Homes All Homes Buying and Selling Condos Decorating Renovating Gardening Vacation Homes Parenting Relationships Travel Royals Careers All Careers Find Jobs Post Jobs Obits Classifieds All Classifieds FlyerCity Shopping Announcements Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Driving Subscribe Opinion Columnists |Featured: Corruption in Montreal Hockey Inside/Out Montreal's 375th Cold cases | More Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Advertise Opinion Gallery of the latest Aislin, Boris and Gigot cartoons Sports Gloves or no gloves, Cook is ready to fight Butler ... Travel Checking In: Fairmont embodies spirit of Charlevoix Local Arts MMFA's Marc Chagall exhibition is a feast of colour and ... Entertainment Count on Cinco, JIm Gaffigan's Netflix special, for clean comedy 5 / 5 The Right Chemistry: Tampons, in space and on Earth Joe Schwarcz, Special to the Montreal Gazette More from Joe Schwarcz, Special to the Montreal Gazette Published on: January 27, 2017 | Last Updated: January 27, 2017 12:53 PM EST Share Adjust Comment Print Jeopardy question: Sally Ride took one hundred of these along when she became the first American female astronaut in 1983. Jeopardy answer: What are tampons? Physicist Ride blasted into space aboard the Space Shuttle Challenger in 1983 for a mission that was to last eight days, so the possibility of “that time of the month” had to be considered. Since no American woman had flown in space before, NASA had no information about how microgravity might affect menstruation. Two female Soviet cosmonauts had flown in space before Ride, one for three days and the other for 11, so the Soviets must have addressed the question. However, due to the secrecy surrounding the space race, whatever knowledge they had gathered was not forthcoming. NASA physicians had some concern that without the influence of gravity, blood might flow in the wrong direction, and they wanted to make sure that it would be absorbed before that could happen. They asked Ride how many tampons she might need, and building in a huge safety factor, came up with the preposterous number of 100. Whether Ride had to use the tampons was never revealed, but given the attention being paid to the space program, the episode did generate lots of discussion about tampons. That was useful at the time because women were concerned about “Toxic Shock Syndrome (TSS),” a bacterial infection that had been linked with tampons. While modern tampons date back only to the 1930s, attempts to absorb menstrual blood in such a fashion have a long history. Roman women fashioned devices out of wool, and in parts of Africa rolled up grass was favoured. But it was Colorado physician Earle Cleveland Haas who is credited for introducing the prototype of the current product. His wife was a ballerina and Haas was supposedly motivated by her struggles with the pads available at the time. In 1933, he patented a pack of compressed cotton that could be inserted by means of telescoping paper tubes. He called it Tampax, from “tampon” and “pack.” Tampons made it into the headlines just prior to Sally Ride’s mission when Procter and Gamble’s super absorbent Rely, formulated with carboxymethylcellulose and compressed beads of polyester, was linked with TSS. It turned out that the material retained bacterial toxins that would normally pass out of the body with menstrual flow. Other super-absorbent tampons also were found to increase the risk of TSS, although not as much as Rely. Current tampons are not made with carboxymethylcellulose or polyester, but that doesn’t mean they have not been accused of undermining women’s health. One absurd letter circulating on the web claims that manufacturers add asbestos to tampons to increase bleeding so they can sell more product. Ridiculous. Then there is the allegation that tampons are contaminated with dioxin, a notoriously toxic substance linked with cancer and hormonal disruption. The usual suspect for the source of the dioxin is rayon, used for its absorptive property. Rayon is a cellulosic fibre made from wood pulp and its production involves “bleaching.” While this produces a white product, the real purpose of bleaching is to remove various impurities. Classically, bleaching was carried out with chlorine gas, and that turned out to be a problem. Reaction of compounds in wood pulp with chlorine results in the formation of dioxins, nasty substances indeed. But a switch to chlorine dioxide essentially eliminated the formation of dioxins and according to FDA and Health Canada, the trace amounts that may be detected are of no consequence. It is also possible to use hydrogen peroxide as a bleach with no chance of forming dioxins at all. Nevertheless, some brands hype “no rayon,” which amounts to a sales gimmick. These are usually made with unbleached organic cotton, which has no possible contamination with dioxin but are less absorbent. While there is a lot of misinformation about tampons, there is a real issue that merits discussion. And that is their effect on the environment. The concern is about the plastic applicators that are used to insert tampons. Close to 90 per cent sold are equipped with plastic instead of cardboard applicators. Considering that a woman can use up to 17,000 tampons in a lifetime, calculations show that some 8 billion tampons are disposed every year in North America. That’s a lot of plastic! What happens to it? Despite clear instructions that the applicators are not to be flushed down the toilet, many of them are. They end up in sewage and find their way into rivers, lakes and oceans. Some 3,000 were collected in a quick cleanup of 70 beaches in New Jersey in 2014! Aside from the yuck factor, there is a more significant problem. Although the plastic is not biodegradable, it does break into smaller pieces that can be ingested by wildlife. Oysters have been found to be contaminated with microscopic particles of plastic and digestive problems have been detected in fish. Plastic applicators are not a requirement for tampons, but they do make for greater ease and comfort than cardboard versions. In Europe, tampons sans applicator are more popular because women do not want foreign substances inside them. Although manufacturers are secretive about the exact composition of the plastic, it is likely to be low-density polyethylene, a substance that does not leach any phthalates or bisphenol A, two plastic chemicals that have drawn a lot of attention because of their endocrine disruptive properties. Scented tampons, essentially a marketing gimmick, may, however, contain phthalates. In America, women are apparently more adverse to self-touching and don’t like “digital” application of tampons even though that is the more environmentally friendly way to go about the business. Even more environmentally friendly is the silicone menstrual cup. It is inserted like a tampon, emptied out as needed, cleaned with soapy water, and reused. Economical, no dioxin concern and minimal risk of Toxic Shock Syndrome. NASA has not disclosed whether any of the 44 American female astronauts who followed in the footsteps of Sally Ride have tried it. joe.schwarcz@mcgill.ca Joe Schwarcz is director of McGill University’s Office for Science & Society (mcgill.ca/oss). He hosts The Dr. Joe Show on CJAD Radio 800 AM every Sunday from 3 to 4 p.m. Related The Right Chemistry: The spread of Nutella panic The Right Chemistry: Hydrogen peroxide heals cuts, solves crimes  The Right Chemistry: Hydrogen peroxide and crime scenes Comments We encourage all readers to share their views on our articles and blog posts. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion, so we ask you to avoid personal attacks, and please keep your comments relevant and respectful. If you encounter a comment that is abusive, click the "X" in the upper right corner of the comment box to report spam or abuse. We are using Facebook commenting. Visit our FAQ page for more information. Video Connect With Us Email Alerts Get the latest news in your mailbox as it happens Most Popular Now Columnists Josh Freed: Look on the bright side of Trump Editorials Editorial: Denis Villeneuve and Quebec's support for the arts Columnists Don Macpherson: Signs of trouble for Parti Québécois leader Jean-François Lisée Submit A Letter Click here to send us your letter. Latest Posts What the Puck: Montreal Canadiens GM needs to make a big trade Montreal Canadiens land defenceman Nikita Nesterov in trade with Lightning Guy Lafleur's son, three others arrested in connection with Pointe-Claire burglaries Classified Share the joy. Tell the world. Read and place announcements here. The faster, fresher and greener way to shop flyers. Find the job you want in your city. View and place job listings, and more. × Share The Right Chemistry: Tampons, in space and on Earth Email Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google+ Linkedin News All News Local News Quebec National World Opinion All Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters Aislin and Pascal editorial cartoons Sports All Sports Hockey Inside/Out Hockey Football Soccer Baseball Basketball Tennis Golf Auto Racing Business All Business FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Energy Local Business Technology Arts Local Arts All Arts Showbiz Chez Nous Montreal movies Television Montreal theatre Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Food Health Diet & Fitness Homes Parenting Relationships Travel Royals © 2017 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Driving Obits Announcements FlyerCity Shopping Careers Browse Listings Place a Classified Ad Legal Privacy Terms Copyright & Permissions Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Manage Newsletters Contests Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Windsor Star Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your Market account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Market to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password. 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We didn't recognize the password reset code. Please enter your email below below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Market is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ
EcoEco Ideas Insights Services Reports Dashboard Books Assessment Keynotes Events About Contact Login Logout Copyright and Terms All Categories > ALL Fashion Tech Life Culture Design Ads Business Eco Good Luxury Bizarre Keynotes TV About Us Community Login Recycled Plastic Shampoo Bottles Score 6.4 More Stats +/- Bungee Bath Cords Morphing Cleanser Branding Shampoo Exchanging Campaigns Non-Stick Shampoo Bottles Magnetic Shampoo Wrappers 41Similar Photos Head & Shoulders' New Packaging is Made with Plastic from Beaches By: Laura McQuarrie - Jan 27, 2017 References: news.pg & packagingdigest Procter & Gamble recently collaborated with TerraCycle and Suez, the largest waste management company in Europe, on the world's first fully recyclable shampoo bottle made with 25% plastic collected from beaches. This packaging made with post-consumer recycled (PCR) content will soon be available in France. A recent report from the World Economic Forum and the Ellen MacArthur Foundation in the UK reveals that of the 300 million tons of virgin plastic that's produced annually, 43% ends up incorrectly deposited in the garbage and ends up in landfills. This is particularly significant because it means that most plastic packaging is used only once. Considering that the look and shape of the Head & Shoulders shampoo bottle seems to remain unchanged, the makeup of this shampoo bottle sets a precedent that brands across multiple industries should take note of. 'BEST INNOVATION EVENT, EVER!' Join us at our Future Festival, rated the 'best business event ever' by 85% of attendees ➤ Related Top 10 Slideshows Video Pro Services Custom Services Keynotes & Workshops Trend Reports Custom Dashboards Innovation Conference Free Resources Innovation Videos & Books Weekly Trend Report NEW: 2017 Trend Report Get a FREE Report Gradated Shampoo BottlesThe Dove Shampoo Advanced Hair Series Packaging Shows Off Product Color No-Cap Shampoo PackagingThese Cap-Free Shampoo Bottles are Easier to Recycle Aromatherapy ShampoosThis Personal Hair Care Concept Incorporates Healing Scents Organizational Bathroom CaddiesThe Modular Shower Station Adds Order to the Morning Routine Top 100 Eco Ideas in AugustFrom Surplus Produce Apps to Miniature Greenhouse Pods Top 35 Science Ideas in JulyFrom 3D-Printed Jaw Prosthetics to Emission-Preventing Stones Stats for Recycled Plastic Shampoo Bottles Trending: New & Buzzing Research: 19 hr Interest: 0.5 minutes Concept: Shampoo Bottle Related: 53 examples / 41 photos Segment: Neutral, 18-55 Comparison Set: 20 similar articles, including: morphing cleanser branding, bungee bath cords, and shampoo exchanging campaigns. Related Reports: Recycled Fashion Report, Packaging Report, Paper Toy Report, Hairstyle Report, Eco Architecture Report SCORE: 6.4 Popularity: Activity: Freshness: Demographics: PRO Content Custom Research Comments / Reactions [+/-] Bookmark Comment Must See WTF OMG LOL Cute Nerdy HOT More About Us, Advertising & Contact     Innovation Keynote Speaker     Best Innovation Conference     Custom Trend Reports Trends and Content © Copyright TREND HUNTER Inc. All Rights Reserved.     Terms of Use & Privacy Policy Questions 29 time: 0.1105 , e-time: 0.1124
South Africa   Madagascar   Malawi   Mali   Mauritius   Morocco   Mozambique   Namibia   Niger   Nigeria   Rwanda   Senegal   Seychelles   Sierra Leone   Somalia   South Africa   South Sudan   Sudan   Swaziland   Tanzania   Togo   Tunisia   Uganda   Zambia   Zimbabwe Africa North Africa West Africa East Africa Central Africa Southern Africa International   Algeria   Angola   Benin   Botswana   Burkina Faso   Burundi   Cameroon   Chad   Cote D'Ivoire   DR Congo   Egypt   Ethiopia   Ghana   Guinea   Kenya   Lesotho   LibyaMarketing & MediaMarketing & MediaExhibitions All industries Marketing & Media South Africa Marketing & Media Africa International Agriculture, Horticulture & Forestry Automotive Building & Construction CSI & Sustainability Education & Training Energy & Mining Finance & Insurance Healthcare Human Resources & Recruitment IT & Telecommunications Legal Lifestyle & Entertainment Logistics & Transport Manufacturing Property & Real Estate Retail Tourism, Travel & Hospitality Advertising Bizcommunitoon Branding Cinema CRM CSI Design Digital Direct Marketing Education & Training Entrepreneur Month Entrepreneurship Events & Conferencing Exhibitions Focus on Media Magazines Marketing Media Mobile Newspapers Online Media Out of Home PR & Communications Printing Production Promotions Publishing Radio Recruitment Research Retail Sales Social Media Sponsorship TV With or Without Sugar Youth Marketing All Articles Companies Events Galleries Jobs People Advertise Submit Contact Africa All industries Agriculture Automotive Building CSI & Sustainability Education Energy & Mining Finance Healthcare HR ICT Legal Lifestyle Logistics & Transport Manufacturing Marketing & Media Property Retail Tourism Africa North Africa West Africa East Africa Central Africa Southern Africa   Algeria   Angola   Benin   Botswana   Burkina Faso   Burundi   Cameroon   Chad   Cote D'Ivoire   DR Congo   Egypt   Ethiopia   Ghana   Guinea   Kenya   Lesotho   Libya   Madagascar   Malawi   Mali   Mauritius   Morocco   Mozambique   Namibia   Niger   Nigeria   Rwanda   Senegal   Seychelles   Sierra Leone   Somalia   South Africa   South Sudan   Sudan   Swaziland   Tanzania   Togo   Tunisia   Uganda   Zambia   Zimbabwe International Agriculture Automotive Building CSI & Sustainability Education Energy & Mining Finance Healthcare HR ICT Legal Lifestyle Logistics & Transport Manufacturing Marketing & Media Property Retail Tourism All Agriculture Agri Tech Agribusiness Agro-processing Aquaculture Commercial Fishing Commodities & Fairtrade Fertilisers & GMOs Food Security Forestry Horticulture Sustainability Trends All Automotive Maintenance & Safety Manufacturing & Parts Motorcycles Motoring Reviews Motorsport Petrochemical Retail & Rental Trends All Building Architecture & Design Building Materials & Equipment Construction & Engineering Property Development Smart Buildings & Cities Sustainable Development Trends Utilities All CSI & Sustainability Circular Economy Climate Change Education & Training Environment & Natural Resources Food, Water & Energy Security Health & Welfare Inclusion & Equality Infrastructure and Technology Pollution & Waste Management Sustainability Month Trends All Education Distance Learning E-learning Higher Education Primary & Secondary Education Skills Training Trends All Energy & Mining Energy Markets & Investment Mining Nuclear Power Renewables & Energy Efficiency Science & Engineering Trends All Finance Accounting & Auditing Banking Budget Speech Education & Training Financial Services Fintech Insurance & Actuarial Markets & Investment Taxation & Regulation Trends Venture Capital All Healthcare Aesthetic Medicine Cardiology Chronic Diseases CSI Dentistry Disease Groups Ear, Nose & Throat Emergency Procedures Ethical Medicines Exercise Science Exhibitions & Events Financial Services Food Crisis Gastroenterology Generic Medicines HIV/AIDS Hospital Groups Infectious Diseases Malaria Medical Aid Medical Research Medical Technology Mental health Neurology NPO Nutrition Obstetrics & Gynaecology Oncology Ophthalmology Orthopaedics Paediatrics Palliative care Pharmaceutical Companies Pharmaceuticals Public Health Sports Science Surgical Equipment & Products Surgical Procedures Trends Tuberculosis Women's Health All HR BizCareers Column Entrepreneurship Jobs & Recruitment Labour Law & Unions Management Skills Development & Training Trends All ICT App and website development Cloud Computing Cyber Security Data Management Hardware Internet Network Services Software Tech Startups Technology Telecommunications Trends All Legal Competition Law Corporate & Commercial Law Criminal Law Cyber Law Environmental Law Immigration & Citizenship Law Labour Law Land & Property Law Law of Succession Law Practice Legislation Media & Entertainment Law Medical Law Public Liability Tax Law Trends All Lifestyle Art Events Fashion Food & Wine Movies Music Sport Theatre Travel Trends Wellness Win All Logistics & Transport Aviation Cargo & Storage Distribution Fleet Management Public Transport Railway Shipping Supply Chain Transport Trends Warehousing All Manufacturing Industrial automation Machinery Manufacturing Trends All Marketing & Media Advertising Bizcommunitoon Branding Cinema CRM CSI Design Digital Direct Marketing Education Entrepreneur Month Entrepreneurship Events & Conferencing Exhibitions Focus on Media Magazines Marketing Media Mobile Newspapers Online Media OOH PR & Communications Printing Production Promotions Publishing Radio Recruitment Research Retail Sales Social Media Sponsorship TV With or Without Sugar Youth Marketing In the news Enquire about a company press office All Property Commercial Property Industrial Property Market & Investments Property Management Rental Residential Trends All Retail Banking & Finance Branding CGF Global Summit Cold Chain Commercial Property CRM CSI E-commerce eCommerce Awards Exhibitions & Events Fashion, Clothing & Textiles FMCG Franchising Green Sustainability Health & Safety Hospitality Import/Export In-store Media Informal Retailing Manufacturing Merchandising Packaging Refrigeration Regulatory Research Retail Marketing Retail Services Retail Trends Retailers Sales Security Shopfitting Supply Chain Technology Training Trends All Tourism Accommodation Air Travel Catering Food Services Hospitality Restaurant Supply Tourism Tours Travel Trends Exhibitions News Menu News MyBiz Press offices Jobs Events Contributors People directory Companies Multimedia News My Biz Press offices Jobs Events Contributors People Companies Multimedia News Company news In briefs New appointments New business Newsletter archive Most read articles Submit news My newsfeed My profile Edit my profile My CV My favourites My portfolio/showcase My followers Following people Press office news Press offices Press office listings Press office info My press office Open a Biz Press Office Jobs offered Jobs wanted My saved jobs My CV Recruiters Companies recruiting Submit a job advert Recruitment login Submit a job Industry events Workshops Other Calendar Submit event Articles Contributors A-Z Contribute Find people People you may know Invite people Edit my profile Company listings Associations My company Press office companies Get a company listing Video Audio Galleries Images Submit your media News Company news In briefs New appointments New business Latest newsletter Most read Subscribe to industry newsletters BizTrends 2017 #BizTrends2017: Rediscovering the art of storytelling in the connected ageTom Manners #BizTrends2017: The gamechangers for digital marketersPilira Mwambala #BizTrends2017: Stop driving customers away with poor marketing automationNick Orton #BizTrends2017: The Big Rethink - Seismic trends in marketingShireen Jaftha More trends... Top stories National Film and Video Foundation announces changes to the SAFTAsJessica Tennant #BizTrends2017: Rediscovering the art of storytelling in the connected ageTom Manners #BizTrends2017: The gamechangers for digital marketersPilira Mwambala #LoeriesRankings with… M-NetLeigh Andrews How is fake news driving South Africa's political agendas? Creative Circle Awards: October/November/December winners New printing deal set to lift Media24 Midas Awards for the World's Best Financial Advertising announced ROAR Organiser and Exhibitor Awards winners #TRENDING: Social media resistance and ‘alternative' factsLouise Marsland #BizTrends2017: People-powering the digitalisation processLauren Hartzenberg Umuzi to share its creativity with Cape TownPasqua Heard Why brands can dive deeper into augmented reality in 2017Etienne de Villiers Cartoon Network launches app Who will be crowned South Africa's Best Managed Company? Sunday papers enjoy high readership SA's young creatives participate in Nike's Sock Dart Creative Hub Newly launched Warc Awards seek next-generation marketing effectiveness Twitter adds 'explore' to make finding tweets easier Facebook's new Privacy Basics features improved functionalityMore Top stories news...  Submit news Bizcommunity has over 400 industry contributors and we always welcome further contributions and contributors. Submit news ROAR Organiser and Exhibitor Awards winners 27 Jan 2017 | Save | Email | Print |  PDF     The Association of African Exhibition Organisers (AAXO) hosted the first ROAR Organiser and Exhibitor Awards on 26 January 2017 at the Ticketpro Dome, Johannesburg. Exhibitors, organisers, suppliers, the media and industry champions joined the team of judges to celebrate the successes of the industry in 2016. The event further gave AAXO members the opportunity to network with award winners and industry greats. Best overall exhibition winners Winners Trade Exhibition Category, Distinctions in Exhibiting: • Carison Rezidor Hotel Group built by Pivion at WTM Africa • India Tourism built by Scan Display at WTM • Nosa built by Sugo Projects at A-Osh • Compex built by Compex at Markex • Scan Display built by Scan Display at Markex • BCE built by Expo Guys at Food and Hospitality Africa Consumer Exhibition Category, Distinctions in Exhibiting: • YuppieChef built by Hollywood Furniture at The Wedding Expo Joburg • Lounge Around built by Lounge Around at The Wedding Expo Joburg • Pampers by Procter & Gamble built by Cube Design Innovations at MamaMagic, The Baby Expo Durban • Born Fabulous built by Efam at MamaMagic, The Baby Expo, Joburg Summer Trade and Consumer Exhibition Category, Distinctions in Exhibiting: • Belgotex Floors designed by Marot and Sanders and built by Compex at Decorex Joburg • Caeserstone built by Progroup at Decorex SA • Franke built by Penny Patrick at Decorex Joburg • Dokter and Misses built by Dokter and Misses at 100% Design ROAR Exhibition Organiser Awards: ‘Best Trade Exhibition: under 6000 square meters: • The winner was Food and Hospitality incorporating Hostex organised by Specialised Exhibitions Montgomery ‘Best Trade Exhibitions: 6001 – 12000 square meters: • The joint winners were African Utility Week organised by Spintelligent and WTM Africa organised by Reed Exhibitions ‘Best Trade Exhibition: over 12000 square meters: • Electra Mining Africa organised by Specialised Exhibitions Montgomery took the award “Best Consumer Exhibition under 6000 square meters: • Tops at Spar Wine Show organised by The Wine Show received the award ‘Best Consumer Exhibition 6001 -12000 square meters: • MamaMagic, The Baby Expo, Joburg Winter organised by Exposure Marketing ‘Best Consumer Exhibition over 12000 square meters: • SA Cheese Festival organised by Agri Expo and MamaMagic, The Baby Expo, Joburg Summer ‘Best Trade and Consumer Exhibition under 6000 square meters: • 100% Design South Africa organised by Reed Exhibitions ‘Best Trade and Consumer Exhibition 6000 – 12000 square meters: • Decorex Durban organised by Reed Exhibitions ‘Best Trade and Consumer Exhibition over 12000 square meters: • Agritech Expo Zambia organised by Spintelligent ‘Best Confex’: • African Real Estate & Infrastructure Summit organised by Spintelligent ‘Best Table Top’: • Africa Showcase in North America organised by On Show Solutions The ‘Distinctions in Greening’ award: • Meetings Africa organised by Synergy Business Events ‘Distinctions in Social Responsibility’ award: • Agritech Expo Zambia organised by Spintelligent ‘2016 Exhibition of the Year’ award: • Decorex Joburg organised by Reed Exhibitions ‹    Like Save Email Print PDF Comment on thisComment Comment guidelines and disclaimer LEGAL DISCLAIMER: This Message Board accepts no liability of legal consequences that arise from the Message Boards (e.g. defamation, slander, or other such crimes). All posted messages are the sole property of their respective authors. The maintainer does retain the right to remove any message posts for whatever reasons. People that post messages to this forum are not to libel/slander nor in any other way depict a company, entity, individual(s), or service in a false light; should they do so, the legal consequences are theirs alone. Bizcommunity.com will disclose authors' IP addresses to authorities if compelled to do so by a court of law. Golsa Yazdy, M.D. Super Bowl 2017 Live Stream Online http://superbowlonline.us/ NFL Super Live Stream, Watch Super Bowl 2016, Super Bowl Live 2017, Super Bowl Live Stream Free, Super Bowl, Super Bowl Live Online Posted on 28 Jan 2017 01:50 LikeReplyReport Read more: AAXO, Association of African Exhibition Organisers Related National Film and Video Foundation announces changes to the SAFTAs By Jessica Tennant How is fake news driving South Africa's political agendas? ROAR Organiser and Exhibitor Awards winners New printing deal set to lift Media24 News Show more Subscribe Receive free email newsletter Make us your homepage Add us to your favorites RSS feed Get biz on your phone Follow us Invite Tell a friend about us News Articles News by industry Company news Cartoons Events In briefs Galleries Newsletter archive Ornico ad showcase Reviews Trends Community Companies Contributors Portfolio showcases Forums Jobs Jokes Noticeboards People Polls Social media Submit News Company Job ad Op-ed contribution Portfolio showcase New business New appointment Event listing Gallery Noticeboard MyBiz Account Home My company listing My job ads My newsfeed MyBiz CV MyBiz Favourites MyBiz Profile Subscribe to news My newsletters Customise newsletters Advertise Product overview Website Newsletters Press offices Recruitment Special products Download ratecard Contact us Bizcommunity About us Contact us Send us news Our Biz Press Office Follow us Feedback Join us ADSL & Web hosting proudly provided by Afrihost. All rights reserved. © 2017. Bizcommunity.com, its sponsors, contributors and advertisers disclaim all liability for any loss, damage, injury or expense that might arise from the use of, or reliance upon, the services contained herein. Privacy policy, Terms of Use, PAIA.
Latest News Dow 20,094 -7.13 -0.04% Nasdaq 5,661 +5.61 +0.10% S&P 500 2,295 -1.99 -0.09% 2:01 A.M. ET Oscar Schafer's 3 Values in a Pricey Market 12:00 A.M. ET Goldman: 2 Stock Picks; How to Play Bonds 12:00 A.M. ET Brian Rogers: 2 Stock Picks for the Trump Era 1/27 Corporate insiders have a stock market surprise for you 1/27 Trump signs executive actions at Pentagon on immigrants and military 1/27 Potential Amazon partnership exciting for PayPal, analysts say 1/27 Updated The next anchor at your mall could be a food hall 1/27 Updated This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like 1/27 How the Dow gives active fund management a good name 1/27 Updated Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know 1/27 Updated Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim: ‘The best wall is opportunities, growth and employment in Mexico’ 1/27 Super Bowl Ad: Mr. Clean 1/27 Updated These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state 1/27 Updated Washington Post op-ed writer: ‘Look, I don’t need Steve Bannon’s permission to do my job’ 1/27 Why a Trump trade war is a danger to the S&P 500 1/27 Super Bowl Ad: Intel 1/27 Updated Dow ends landmark week with a whimper 1/27 Gorbachev: ‘The current situation is too dangerous’ 1/27 Lowe's board OKs $5 billion share buyback program 1/27 Super Bowl Ad: Skittles Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Dow, S&P 500 close lower Friday but break 2-week losing streak Home Investing Stocks Opinion: Trading on Trump’s tweets would have left you sad and poorer By Tim Mullaney Published: Jan 27, 2017 8:11 a.m. ET Share Investors don’t care what Trump tweets, and the record shows they’re right Getty Images By TimMullaney Writer Donald Trump tweets about a company, and its shares quake at his wrath. The president now is aiming at auto companies, trying to bludgeon Ford F, +0.97%  , General Motors GM, -1.36% and Toyota TM, -1.92% into expanding small-car production in the U.S. — reversing decades-old trends of moving the manufacturing of mostly lower-priced, often-unprofitable cars to Mexico, even as Mexican presidents past and present flip The Donald the bird. Stop quaking. Trump’s Twitter TWTR, -1.43% missives have no lasting effect on stocks. I created a list of affected companies, generated by Yahoo Finance, then deleted the privately owned ones. This left 37 public companies about which Trump has tweeted nastygrams since 2012. Trump has been wrong, from an investing standpoint, on 29 of them. In fact, if you shorted 100 shares of each of these 37 companies on the day Trump slammed them, you’re down 37% as of Thursday’s close. Sad! What does this tell us? Investors and CEOs should pay no attention to the man behind the curtain. The tweeter-in-chief can huff and puff, but he can’t blow your house down. Investors don’t care what he tweets, and the record shows they’re right not to. It’s amusing to see the breadth of businesses Trump is wrong about. He’s wrong about tech. Wrong about media, mainstream or otherwise. Wrong about wind power. Wrong about Coca-Cola KO, -0.86%  , Warren Buffett and ESPN. Wrong about Hollywood. Wrong about markets and policy. Wrong about cellphone companies. And atop all this wrongness is Trump’s pan of Facebook’s FB, -0.45% 2012 initial public offering (“hard to believe it could be worth that much”), which came with unsolicited marital advice for founder Mark Zuckerberg — “Get a prenup!” Here's why tech giants want to keep content cheap(2:18) Harvard Business School professor Bharat Anand explains why cheap digital content - from unlimited music and video streaming, to free online document processors and cheap e-books - actually helps tech giants make money. Maybe because I went to high school with the paparazzo who got the famous shot of Trump’s first two wives squaring off on the ski slopes, the thought of the first three-times-married president doling out both marital and stock advice in the same 140 characters is hilarious. Lawyers, by the way, say Zuckerberg didn’t really need a prenuptial agreement to protect himself from a divorce, because he got rich before he got married, which was right after the offering. Shareholders got rich later: Facebook shares are up 247%. Let’s review: Trump was bearish on Apple AAPL, +0.01% in 2014 — “I sold my Apple” — because it didn’t match Samsung’s 005930, +1.27% big-screen phones, until it did. Apple shares since then are up 66%. Trump was bearish on Amazon.com AMZN, -0.40%   — “Jeff Bezos ... no-profit company” — in December 2015. The stock is up 25% since. Trump was wrong about Sony SNE, -1.93%  — “stupid leadership” — in December 2014 amid the now-ironic revelation of its hacked emails. Shares of Sony are up 58% since. Trump was wrong about American Airlines Group, panning its USAirways merger in 2013. Since then, American Airlines shares AAL, -5.32% have gained 241%. He’s been wrong about the New York Times Co. NYT, +0.38%  , which is up 4% since Trump called it a “dying paper” in 2016. Wrong about Gannett GCI, +0.41% and Tegna TGNA, +0.75% , the since-split-up publishers of “boring” USA Today, which have doubled in value since Trump tweeted in 2012 that he’d canceled his subscription to the newspaper. (Trump overlooked Gannett’s thriving TV business. Which is not, like, really smart! I worked for Gannett at the time — I made a ton.) Trump was wrong about Walt Disney DIS, +1.15%  , shares of which have doubled since drawing Trump’s ire in 2013 for apologizing after ESPN announcer Brent Musburger got a little too honest on air about the hotness of the girlfriend of the University of Alabama’s quarterback. Trump was wrong about Microsoft MSFT, +2.35%  , where he claimed unhappy investors were scheming to fire Bill Gates as chairman in 2013, when the stock was 90% lower. Trump was wrong about J.P. Morgan Chase JPM, +0.21% , shares of which are now 51% higher, for complaining that it settled lawsuits too easily.   This litany of wrongs goes on with Google parent Alphabet GOOG, -1.06%  , which Trump accused of suppressing negative news about Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. With Procter & Gamble PG, +0.14%  , Trump knocked it for moving its beauty business to Singapore in 2012, which P&G did for the eminently sensible reason that Asia was its fastest-growing market. P&G stock is up 36% Charter Communications CHTR, -2.88% was another miss. Trump in 2012 tweeted that the company gives bad service (“a disaster”). A disaster, that is, whose shares have quadrupled since. And T-Mobile US shares TMUS, -1.50% are up 96% since Trump said the same about that company in 2015. Want more? Trump was wrong about S&P Global SPGI, -0.36%  , which has tripled since Trump knocked the bond-rating agency for downgrading U.S. bonds in 2011, responding to the mostly Republican fiscal indiscipline — on which President Trump now plans to double down. If Trump gets what he wants on taxes, look for more feuding with S&P. He was wrong about Boeing BA, -0.84%  , criticizing the company in early December about the price of the next-generation Air Force One airplane. He was wrong about Lockheed Martin LMT, -0.58%  — shares rose in the days after he knocked the company over the cost of F-35 fighters on Dec. 22 and closed Thursday up about 1%. (Lockheed said Tuesday that it will not change its prices.) Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35, I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 22, 2016 Trump has been wrong about the automobile industry, too. Fiat Chrysler Automobiles shares FCAU, +0.18% are up 235% since Trump’s 2012 prediction that the company would move Jeep production to China after that year’s election (wrong about that, too). But score one for Trump with Ford — down 22% since Trump hit the company in 2015 over Mexico, saying “the U.S. is getting killed.” Toyota Motor Corp. shares 7203, -0.89% TM, -1.92% didn’t move much after Trump’s tweet earlier this month about plans for a Corolla plant in Mexico, and General Motors, thought to be Trump’s favorite car and truck maker, is up 7% since he attacked it, half-accurately, on Jan. 3 over making Chevrolet Cruze hatchbacks south of the border (the more popular Cruze sedans come from Ohio). The reality is that there’s no discernible Trump effect on car stocks, except in the media’s eyes. Toyota Motor said will build a new plant in Baja, Mexico, to build Corolla cars for U.S. NO WAY! Build plant in U.S. or pay big border tax.— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 5, 2017 Finally, Trump was even wrong the bonds of Vattenfall, sponsor of a wind-power project Trump contends ruins views from one of his Scottish golf courses. “Who would be stupid enough to invest?” Trump tweeted in May 2015. Answer: People who like a 15% capital gain. Plus 6.875% interest. Really, none of this should be a yuuuge surprise, given that Trump and his team have been lying about everything from voters to the size of the president’s ... crowds. But what is surprising, and counter to the hype, is the quantitative proof that the market’s Big Blond Wolf is breath-deprived. Lockheed, for one, is apparently reasoning that if a company is solidly built, Trump can blow all he wants. Other companies, take heed. See: Every Trump tweet activates thousands of computer algorithms More from MarketWatch Sean Spicer on Crowd Size for Trump Inaugural Twinings Family Heir: You're Brewing Tea All Wrong Two things are happening in the U.S. stock market for the first time since 1900 Quote References F +0.12 +0.97% GM -0.51 -1.36% TM -2.29 -1.92% TWTR -0.24 -1.43% KO -0.36 -0.86% FB -0.60 -0.45% AAPL +0.01 +0.01% 005930 +25,000.00 +1.27% AMZN -3.38 -0.40% SNE -0.60 -1.93% AAL -2.64 -5.32% NYT +0.05 +0.38% GCI +0.04 +0.41% TGNA +0.17 +0.75% DIS +1.24 +1.15% MSFT +1.51 +2.35% JPM +0.18 +0.21% GOOG -8.84 -1.06% PG +0.12 +0.14% CHTR -9.60 -2.88% TMUS -0.95 -1.50% SPGI -0.43 -0.36% BA -1.42 -0.84% LMT -1.47 -0.58% FCAU +0.02 +0.18% 7203 -60.00 -0.89% Show all references Most Popular Two things are happening in the U.S. stock market for the first time since 1900 Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know Trump calls U.S.-Mexico trade one-sided — and here’s the reality These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.44% 30 yr fixed 4.07% 15 yr fixed 3.22% 10 yr fixed 3.08% 30 yr fixed refi 4.09% 15 yr fixed refi 3.24% 5/1 ARM 3.32% 5/1 ARM refi 3.4% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.61% $50K HELOC 4.64% $75K HELOC 4.64% $100K HELOC 4.34% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.62% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.23% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.2% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.12% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.22% 2 yr CD 0.75% 1 yr CD 0.59% MMA $10K+ 0.25% MMA $50K+ 0.37% MMA Savings 0.31% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.39% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.1% 48 Mo Used Car 3.08% 36 Mo Used Car 3.31% 72 Mo New Car 3.44% 60 Mo New Car 3.2% 48 Mo New Car 3.1% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.84% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.59% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.22% 12.22% 11.98% Business 13.41% 13.41% 13.12% Student 13.67% 13.67% 13.42% Balance Transfer 14.67% 14.67% 14.38% Airline 15.40% 15.40% 15.08% Reward 15.48% 15.48% 15.29% Cash Back 15.57% 15.57% 15.32% Instant Approval 18.03% 18.03% 18.04% Bad Credit 22.98% 22.98% 22.56% Source: CreditCards.com Tim Mullaney Tim Mullaney is a commentary writer who covers the economy and corporate news. MarketWatch Partner Center Tim Mullaney Tim Mullaney is a commentary writer who covers the economy and corporate news. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Ford Motor Co. U.S.: NYSE: F $12.49 +0.12 (+0.97%) Volume 34.5M Open $12.48 High $12.54 Low $12.38 P/E Ratio 6.23 Div Yield 4.8 Market Cap 49.2B General Motors Co. U.S.: NYSE: GM $37.01 -0.51 (-1.36%) Volume 10.2M Open $37.52 High $37.59 Low $36.88 P/E Ratio 4.24 Div Yield 4.11 Market Cap 56.7B Toyota Motor Corp. ADR U.S.: NYSE: TM $116.69 -2.29 (-1.92%) Volume 196.1K Open $117.09 High $117.09 Low $116.50 P/E Ratio 10.13 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 192.3B Twitter Inc. U.S.: NYSE: TWTR $16.57 -0.24 (-1.43%) Volume 11.7M Open $16.91 High $16.97 Low $16.53 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 12.0B Coca-Cola Co. U.S.: NYSE: KO $41.45 -0.36 (-0.86%) Volume 12.7M Open $41.91 High $41.95 Low $41.42 P/E Ratio 25.12 Div Yield 3.38 Market Cap 180.3B Facebook Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: FB $132.18 -0.60 (-0.45%) Volume 19.1M Open $132.68 High $132.95 Low $131.08 P/E Ratio 51.03 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 383.3B Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $121.95 +0.01 (+0.01%) Volume 20.1M Open $122.14 High $122.35 Low $121.60 P/E Ratio 14.75 Div Yield 1.87 Market Cap 641.1B Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. S. Korea: KRX: 005930 ₩1,995,000.00 +25,000.00 (+1.27%) Volume 304.3K Open ₩1,971,000 High ₩2,000,000 Low ₩1,971,000 P/E Ratio 15.29 Div Yield 2.76 Market Cap 313.8T Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $835.77 -3.38 (-0.40%) Volume 3.0M Open $839.00 High $839.70 Low $829.44 P/E Ratio 191.5 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 398.7B Sony Corp. ADR U.S.: NYSE: SNE $30.52 -0.60 (-1.93%) Volume 702.1K Open $30.66 High $30.92 Low $30.40 P/E Ratio 87.32 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 38.8B American Airlines Group Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAL $46.95 -2.64 (-5.32%) Volume 19.2M Open $50.00 High $50.00 Low $46.72 P/E Ratio 5.05 Div Yield 0.85 Market Cap 25.7B New York Times Co. Cl A U.S.: NYSE: NYT $13.35 +0.05 (+0.38%) Volume 926.4K Open $13.35 High $13.45 Low $13.00 P/E Ratio 51.11 Div Yield 1.2 Market Cap 2.1B Gannett Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: GCI $9.71 +0.04 (+0.41%) Volume 394.5K Open $9.74 High $9.74 Low $9.61 P/E Ratio 30.34 Div Yield 6.59 Market Cap 1.1B TEGNA Inc. U.S.: NYSE: TGNA $22.69 +0.17 (+0.75%) Volume 1.3M Open $22.68 High $22.85 Low $22.43 P/E Ratio 11.35 Div Yield 2.47 Market Cap 4.8B Walt Disney Co. U.S.: NYSE: DIS $109.30 +1.24 (+1.15%) Volume 5.5M Open $108.49 High $109.40 Low $108.15 P/E Ratio 19.11 Div Yield 1.43 Market Cap 171.1B Microsoft Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: MSFT $65.78 +1.51 (+2.35%) Volume 43.5M Open $65.39 High $65.91 Low $64.89 P/E Ratio 31.03 Div Yield 2.37 Market Cap 499.7B JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $86.93 +0.18 (+0.21%) Volume 12.3M Open $86.66 High $86.98 Low $86.27 P/E Ratio 14.04 Div Yield 2.21 Market Cap 310.4B Alphabet Inc. Cl C U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOG $823.31 -8.84 (-1.06%) Volume 2.9M Open $834.71 High $841.95 Low $820.44 P/E Ratio 29.59 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 580.8B Procter & Gamble Co. U.S.: NYSE: PG $86.72 +0.12 (+0.14%) Volume 9.2M Open $86.45 High $86.85 Low $86.02 P/E Ratio 25.48 Div Yield 3.09 Market Cap 231.7B Charter Communications Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: CHTR $323.55 -9.60 (-2.88%) Volume 2.7M Open $332.92 High $334.12 Low $316.96 P/E Ratio 25.27 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 90.2B T-Mobile US Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: TMUS $62.42 -0.95 (-1.50%) Volume 6.0M Open $63.68 High $63.68 Low $61.68 P/E Ratio 39.76 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 52.2B S&P Global Inc. U.S.: NYSE: SPGI $120.69 -0.43 (-0.36%) Volume 700.6K Open $121.04 High $121.11 Low $120.42 P/E Ratio 17.72 Div Yield 1.36 Market Cap 31.4B Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $167.70 -1.42 (-0.84%) Volume 4.8M Open $169.21 High $169.80 Low $167.01 P/E Ratio 21.92 Div Yield 3.39 Market Cap 104.4B Lockheed Martin Corp. U.S.: NYSE: LMT $253.50 -1.47 (-0.58%) Volume 2.6M Open $254.98 High $259.12 Low $250.13 P/E Ratio 19.36 Div Yield 2.87 Market Cap 74.7B Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V. U.S.: NYSE: FCAU $11.08 +0.02 (+0.18%) Volume 5.8M Open $11.19 High $11.20 Low $11.04 P/E Ratio 9.47 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 16.8B Toyota Motor Corp. Japan: Tokyo: 7203 ¥6,704.00 -60.00 (-0.89%) Volume 7.4M Open ¥6,769 High ¥6,769 Low ¥6,677 P/E Ratio 10.39 Div Yield 2.98 Market Cap 22.1T Toyota Motor Corp. ADR U.S.: NYSE: TM $116.69 -2.29 (-1.92%) Volume 196.1K Open $117.09 High $117.09 Low $116.50 P/E Ratio 10.13 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 192.3B LatestNews
Latest News Dow 20,094 -7.13 -0.04% Nasdaq 5,661 +5.61 +0.10% S&P 500 2,295 -1.99 -0.09% 2:01 A.M. ET Oscar Schafer's 3 Values in a Pricey Market 12:00 A.M. ET Goldman: 2 Stock Picks; How to Play Bonds 12:00 A.M. ET Brian Rogers: 2 Stock Picks for the Trump Era 1/27 Corporate insiders have a stock market surprise for you 1/27 Trump signs executive actions at Pentagon on immigrants and military 1/27 Potential Amazon partnership exciting for PayPal, analysts say 1/27 Updated The next anchor at your mall could be a food hall 1/27 Updated This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like 1/27 How the Dow gives active fund management a good name 1/27 Updated Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know 1/27 Updated Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim: ‘The best wall is opportunities, growth and employment in Mexico’ 1/27 Super Bowl Ad: Mr. Clean 1/27 Updated These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state 1/27 Updated Washington Post op-ed writer: ‘Look, I don’t need Steve Bannon’s permission to do my job’ 1/27 Why a Trump trade war is a danger to the S&P 500 1/27 Super Bowl Ad: Intel 1/27 Updated Dow ends landmark week with a whimper 1/27 Gorbachev: ‘The current situation is too dangerous’ 1/27 Lowe's board OKs $5 billion share buyback program 1/27 Super Bowl Ad: Skittles Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Dow, S&P 500 close lower Friday but break 2-week losing streak Home Investing Stocks Opinion: Trading on Trump’s tweets would have left you sad and poorer By Tim Mullaney Published: Jan 27, 2017 8:11 a.m. ET Share Investors don’t care what Trump tweets, and the record shows they’re right Getty Images By TimMullaney Writer Donald Trump tweets about a company, and its shares quake at his wrath. The president now is aiming at auto companies, trying to bludgeon Ford F, +0.97%  , General Motors GM, -1.36% and Toyota TM, -1.92% into expanding small-car production in the U.S. — reversing decades-old trends of moving the manufacturing of mostly lower-priced, often-unprofitable cars to Mexico, even as Mexican presidents past and present flip The Donald the bird. Stop quaking. Trump’s Twitter TWTR, -1.43% missives have no lasting effect on stocks. I created a list of affected companies, generated by Yahoo Finance, then deleted the privately owned ones. This left 37 public companies about which Trump has tweeted nastygrams since 2012. Trump has been wrong, from an investing standpoint, on 29 of them. In fact, if you shorted 100 shares of each of these 37 companies on the day Trump slammed them, you’re down 37% as of Thursday’s close. Sad! What does this tell us? Investors and CEOs should pay no attention to the man behind the curtain. The tweeter-in-chief can huff and puff, but he can’t blow your house down. Investors don’t care what he tweets, and the record shows they’re right not to. It’s amusing to see the breadth of businesses Trump is wrong about. He’s wrong about tech. Wrong about media, mainstream or otherwise. Wrong about wind power. Wrong about Coca-Cola KO, -0.86%  , Warren Buffett and ESPN. Wrong about Hollywood. Wrong about markets and policy. Wrong about cellphone companies. And atop all this wrongness is Trump’s pan of Facebook’s FB, -0.45% 2012 initial public offering (“hard to believe it could be worth that much”), which came with unsolicited marital advice for founder Mark Zuckerberg — “Get a prenup!” Here's why tech giants want to keep content cheap(2:18) Harvard Business School professor Bharat Anand explains why cheap digital content - from unlimited music and video streaming, to free online document processors and cheap e-books - actually helps tech giants make money. Maybe because I went to high school with the paparazzo who got the famous shot of Trump’s first two wives squaring off on the ski slopes, the thought of the first three-times-married president doling out both marital and stock advice in the same 140 characters is hilarious. Lawyers, by the way, say Zuckerberg didn’t really need a prenuptial agreement to protect himself from a divorce, because he got rich before he got married, which was right after the offering. Shareholders got rich later: Facebook shares are up 247%. Let’s review: Trump was bearish on Apple AAPL, +0.01% in 2014 — “I sold my Apple” — because it didn’t match Samsung’s 005930, +1.27% big-screen phones, until it did. Apple shares since then are up 66%. Trump was bearish on Amazon.com AMZN, -0.40%   — “Jeff Bezos ... no-profit company” — in December 2015. The stock is up 25% since. Trump was wrong about Sony SNE, -1.93%  — “stupid leadership” — in December 2014 amid the now-ironic revelation of its hacked emails. Shares of Sony are up 58% since. Trump was wrong about American Airlines Group, panning its USAirways merger in 2013. Since then, American Airlines shares AAL, -5.32% have gained 241%. He’s been wrong about the New York Times Co. NYT, +0.38%  , which is up 4% since Trump called it a “dying paper” in 2016. Wrong about Gannett GCI, +0.41% and Tegna TGNA, +0.75% , the since-split-up publishers of “boring” USA Today, which have doubled in value since Trump tweeted in 2012 that he’d canceled his subscription to the newspaper. (Trump overlooked Gannett’s thriving TV business. Which is not, like, really smart! I worked for Gannett at the time — I made a ton.) Trump was wrong about Walt Disney DIS, +1.15%  , shares of which have doubled since drawing Trump’s ire in 2013 for apologizing after ESPN announcer Brent Musburger got a little too honest on air about the hotness of the girlfriend of the University of Alabama’s quarterback. Trump was wrong about Microsoft MSFT, +2.35%  , where he claimed unhappy investors were scheming to fire Bill Gates as chairman in 2013, when the stock was 90% lower. Trump was wrong about J.P. Morgan Chase JPM, +0.21% , shares of which are now 51% higher, for complaining that it settled lawsuits too easily.   This litany of wrongs goes on with Google parent Alphabet GOOG, -1.06%  , which Trump accused of suppressing negative news about Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. With Procter & Gamble PG, +0.14%  , Trump knocked it for moving its beauty business to Singapore in 2012, which P&G did for the eminently sensible reason that Asia was its fastest-growing market. P&G stock is up 36% Charter Communications CHTR, -2.88% was another miss. Trump in 2012 tweeted that the company gives bad service (“a disaster”). A disaster, that is, whose shares have quadrupled since. And T-Mobile US shares TMUS, -1.50% are up 96% since Trump said the same about that company in 2015. Want more? Trump was wrong about S&P Global SPGI, -0.36%  , which has tripled since Trump knocked the bond-rating agency for downgrading U.S. bonds in 2011, responding to the mostly Republican fiscal indiscipline — on which President Trump now plans to double down. If Trump gets what he wants on taxes, look for more feuding with S&P. He was wrong about Boeing BA, -0.84%  , criticizing the company in early December about the price of the next-generation Air Force One airplane. He was wrong about Lockheed Martin LMT, -0.58%  — shares rose in the days after he knocked the company over the cost of F-35 fighters on Dec. 22 and closed Thursday up about 1%. (Lockheed said Tuesday that it will not change its prices.) Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35, I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 22, 2016 Trump has been wrong about the automobile industry, too. Fiat Chrysler Automobiles shares FCAU, +0.18% are up 235% since Trump’s 2012 prediction that the company would move Jeep production to China after that year’s election (wrong about that, too). But score one for Trump with Ford — down 22% since Trump hit the company in 2015 over Mexico, saying “the U.S. is getting killed.” Toyota Motor Corp. shares 7203, -0.89% TM, -1.92% didn’t move much after Trump’s tweet earlier this month about plans for a Corolla plant in Mexico, and General Motors, thought to be Trump’s favorite car and truck maker, is up 7% since he attacked it, half-accurately, on Jan. 3 over making Chevrolet Cruze hatchbacks south of the border (the more popular Cruze sedans come from Ohio). The reality is that there’s no discernible Trump effect on car stocks, except in the media’s eyes. Toyota Motor said will build a new plant in Baja, Mexico, to build Corolla cars for U.S. NO WAY! Build plant in U.S. or pay big border tax.— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 5, 2017 Finally, Trump was even wrong the bonds of Vattenfall, sponsor of a wind-power project Trump contends ruins views from one of his Scottish golf courses. “Who would be stupid enough to invest?” Trump tweeted in May 2015. Answer: People who like a 15% capital gain. Plus 6.875% interest. Really, none of this should be a yuuuge surprise, given that Trump and his team have been lying about everything from voters to the size of the president’s ... crowds. But what is surprising, and counter to the hype, is the quantitative proof that the market’s Big Blond Wolf is breath-deprived. Lockheed, for one, is apparently reasoning that if a company is solidly built, Trump can blow all he wants. Other companies, take heed. See: Every Trump tweet activates thousands of computer algorithms More from MarketWatch This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like First Lady Fashion: 30 Years of Inaugural Ball Gowns What Happens if President Trump Makes Changes to Nafta? Quote References F +0.12 +0.97% GM -0.51 -1.36% TM -2.29 -1.92% TWTR -0.24 -1.43% KO -0.36 -0.86% FB -0.60 -0.45% AAPL +0.01 +0.01% 005930 +25,000.00 +1.27% AMZN -3.38 -0.40% SNE -0.60 -1.93% AAL -2.64 -5.32% NYT +0.05 +0.38% GCI +0.04 +0.41% TGNA +0.17 +0.75% DIS +1.24 +1.15% MSFT +1.51 +2.35% JPM +0.18 +0.21% GOOG -8.84 -1.06% PG +0.12 +0.14% CHTR -9.60 -2.88% TMUS -0.95 -1.50% SPGI -0.43 -0.36% BA -1.42 -0.84% LMT -1.47 -0.58% FCAU +0.02 +0.18% 7203 -60.00 -0.89% Show all references Most Popular Two things are happening in the U.S. stock market for the first time since 1900 Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know Trump calls U.S.-Mexico trade one-sided — and here’s the reality These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.44% 30 yr fixed 4.07% 15 yr fixed 3.22% 10 yr fixed 3.08% 30 yr fixed refi 4.09% 15 yr fixed refi 3.24% 5/1 ARM 3.32% 5/1 ARM refi 3.4% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.61% $50K HELOC 4.64% $75K HELOC 4.64% $100K HELOC 4.34% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.62% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.23% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.2% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.12% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.22% 2 yr CD 0.75% 1 yr CD 0.59% MMA $10K+ 0.25% MMA $50K+ 0.37% MMA Savings 0.31% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.39% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.1% 48 Mo Used Car 3.08% 36 Mo Used Car 3.31% 72 Mo New Car 3.44% 60 Mo New Car 3.2% 48 Mo New Car 3.1% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.84% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.59% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.22% 12.22% 11.98% Business 13.41% 13.41% 13.12% Student 13.67% 13.67% 13.42% Balance Transfer 14.67% 14.67% 14.38% Airline 15.40% 15.40% 15.08% Reward 15.48% 15.48% 15.29% Cash Back 15.57% 15.57% 15.32% Instant Approval 18.03% 18.03% 18.04% Bad Credit 22.98% 22.98% 22.56% Source: CreditCards.com Tim Mullaney Tim Mullaney is a commentary writer who covers the economy and corporate news. MarketWatch Partner Center Tim Mullaney Tim Mullaney is a commentary writer who covers the economy and corporate news. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Ford Motor Co. U.S.: NYSE: F $12.49 +0.12 (+0.97%) Volume 34.5M Open $12.48 High $12.54 Low $12.38 P/E Ratio 6.23 Div Yield 4.8 Market Cap 49.2B General Motors Co. U.S.: NYSE: GM $37.01 -0.51 (-1.36%) Volume 10.2M Open $37.52 High $37.59 Low $36.88 P/E Ratio 4.24 Div Yield 4.11 Market Cap 56.7B Toyota Motor Corp. ADR U.S.: NYSE: TM $116.69 -2.29 (-1.92%) Volume 196.1K Open $117.09 High $117.09 Low $116.50 P/E Ratio 10.13 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 192.3B Twitter Inc. U.S.: NYSE: TWTR $16.57 -0.24 (-1.43%) Volume 11.7M Open $16.91 High $16.97 Low $16.53 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 12.0B Coca-Cola Co. U.S.: NYSE: KO $41.45 -0.36 (-0.86%) Volume 12.7M Open $41.91 High $41.95 Low $41.42 P/E Ratio 25.12 Div Yield 3.38 Market Cap 180.3B Facebook Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: FB $132.18 -0.60 (-0.45%) Volume 19.1M Open $132.68 High $132.95 Low $131.08 P/E Ratio 51.03 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 383.3B Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $121.95 +0.01 (+0.01%) Volume 20.1M Open $122.14 High $122.35 Low $121.60 P/E Ratio 14.75 Div Yield 1.87 Market Cap 641.1B Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. S. Korea: KRX: 005930 ₩1,995,000.00 +25,000.00 (+1.27%) Volume 304.3K Open ₩1,971,000 High ₩2,000,000 Low ₩1,971,000 P/E Ratio 15.29 Div Yield 2.76 Market Cap 313.8T Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $835.77 -3.38 (-0.40%) Volume 3.0M Open $839.00 High $839.70 Low $829.44 P/E Ratio 191.5 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 398.7B Sony Corp. ADR U.S.: NYSE: SNE $30.52 -0.60 (-1.93%) Volume 702.1K Open $30.66 High $30.92 Low $30.40 P/E Ratio 87.32 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 38.8B American Airlines Group Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAL $46.95 -2.64 (-5.32%) Volume 19.2M Open $50.00 High $50.00 Low $46.72 P/E Ratio 5.05 Div Yield 0.85 Market Cap 25.7B New York Times Co. Cl A U.S.: NYSE: NYT $13.35 +0.05 (+0.38%) Volume 926.4K Open $13.35 High $13.45 Low $13.00 P/E Ratio 51.11 Div Yield 1.2 Market Cap 2.1B Gannett Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: GCI $9.71 +0.04 (+0.41%) Volume 394.5K Open $9.74 High $9.74 Low $9.61 P/E Ratio 30.34 Div Yield 6.59 Market Cap 1.1B TEGNA Inc. U.S.: NYSE: TGNA $22.69 +0.17 (+0.75%) Volume 1.3M Open $22.68 High $22.85 Low $22.43 P/E Ratio 11.35 Div Yield 2.47 Market Cap 4.8B Walt Disney Co. U.S.: NYSE: DIS $109.30 +1.24 (+1.15%) Volume 5.5M Open $108.49 High $109.40 Low $108.15 P/E Ratio 19.11 Div Yield 1.43 Market Cap 171.1B Microsoft Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: MSFT $65.78 +1.51 (+2.35%) Volume 43.5M Open $65.39 High $65.91 Low $64.89 P/E Ratio 31.03 Div Yield 2.37 Market Cap 499.7B JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $86.93 +0.18 (+0.21%) Volume 12.3M Open $86.66 High $86.98 Low $86.27 P/E Ratio 14.04 Div Yield 2.21 Market Cap 310.4B Alphabet Inc. Cl C U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOG $823.31 -8.84 (-1.06%) Volume 2.9M Open $834.71 High $841.95 Low $820.44 P/E Ratio 29.59 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 580.8B Procter & Gamble Co. U.S.: NYSE: PG $86.72 +0.12 (+0.14%) Volume 9.2M Open $86.45 High $86.85 Low $86.02 P/E Ratio 25.48 Div Yield 3.09 Market Cap 231.7B Charter Communications Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: CHTR $323.55 -9.60 (-2.88%) Volume 2.7M Open $332.92 High $334.12 Low $316.96 P/E Ratio 25.27 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 90.2B T-Mobile US Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: TMUS $62.42 -0.95 (-1.50%) Volume 6.0M Open $63.68 High $63.68 Low $61.68 P/E Ratio 39.76 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 52.2B S&P Global Inc. U.S.: NYSE: SPGI $120.69 -0.43 (-0.36%) Volume 700.6K Open $121.04 High $121.11 Low $120.42 P/E Ratio 17.72 Div Yield 1.36 Market Cap 31.4B Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $167.70 -1.42 (-0.84%) Volume 4.8M Open $169.21 High $169.80 Low $167.01 P/E Ratio 21.92 Div Yield 3.39 Market Cap 104.4B Lockheed Martin Corp. U.S.: NYSE: LMT $253.50 -1.47 (-0.58%) Volume 2.6M Open $254.98 High $259.12 Low $250.13 P/E Ratio 19.36 Div Yield 2.87 Market Cap 74.7B Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V. U.S.: NYSE: FCAU $11.08 +0.02 (+0.18%) Volume 5.8M Open $11.19 High $11.20 Low $11.04 P/E Ratio 9.47 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 16.8B Toyota Motor Corp. Japan: Tokyo: 7203 ¥6,704.00 -60.00 (-0.89%) Volume 7.4M Open ¥6,769 High ¥6,769 Low ¥6,677 P/E Ratio 10.39 Div Yield 2.98 Market Cap 22.1T Toyota Motor Corp. ADR U.S.: NYSE: TM $116.69 -2.29 (-1.92%) Volume 196.1K Open $117.09 High $117.09 Low $116.50 P/E Ratio 10.13 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 192.3B LatestNews
EDITION US عربي (Arabi) Australia Brasil Canada Deutschland España France Ελλάδα (Greece) India Italia 日本 (Japan) 한국 (Korea) Maghreb México Québec (En Francais) South Africa United Kingdom United States NEWS WorldPost Highline Science Education Weird News Business TestKitchen Tech College Media POLITICS Pollster Heroin Epidemic Donald Trump Racial Inequality US Senate Election Results HuffPost Hill Police Brutality Hate Crimes Supreme Court Congress So That Happened ENTERTAINMENT Entertainment Comedy Celebrity TV Arts + Culture Backspace Movies LIFESTYLE Healthy Living Travel Style Taste Home Relationships Sleep IMPACT Reclaim Project Zero HuffPost RYOT Good News VOICES Black Voices Latino Voices Women Fifty Queer Voices Parents VIDEO ALL SECTIONS Arts + Culture Black Voices Books Business Candidate Confessional Celebrity College Comedy Crime Divorce Dolce Vita Eat the Press Education Election Results Entertainment Fifty Good News Green Healthy Living Highline Home Horoscopes HuffPost Data HuffPost Hill Impact Latino Voices Media Outspeak Parents Politics Pollster Queer Voices Religion Science Small Business So That Happened Sports Style Taste Tech Teen TestKitchen Travel TV Weddings Weird News Women WorldPost FEATURED Hawaii OWN Paving the Way The Power Of Humanity Sleep + Wellness What's Working: Purpose + Profit MEDIA You Haven't Seen A Mr. Clean Commercial Like This Whoa there. 01/27/2017 02:11 am ET 620 Rebecca Shapiro Senior Editor, The Huffington Post Mr. Clean has a new approach to household chores, and it involves making you weak in the knees.  The folks at Procter & Gamble want consumers to “get busy” with its Mr. Clean products, and they’ve created an animated, ripped version of its mascot to help make that happen. The ad is Mr. Clean’s first Super Bowl spot, and it will air during the big game on Feb. 5. In an interview with Ad Age, P&G exec Martin Hettich said the commercial was targeted at couples and takes aim at how they divide up household chores. “There’s a clear disconnect between what men say they’re doing and what they’re actually doing,” Hettich said, citing an internal study of heterosexual couples that found only 17 percent of households equally shared chore responsibilities, despite the fact that most men thought they did half the chores.  Perhaps if men pitched in, women would have more time for... other activities. In fact, a 2015 study from the University of Alberta found that heterosexual couples had better and more frequent sex when men chipped in with the chores.   Watch the ad in the video above. Also on HuffPost Amazing Photos From Super Bowl 50 Amazing Photos From Super Bowl 50 1 of 15 SANTA CLARA, CA - FEBRUARY 07: Peyton Manning #18 of the Denver Broncos gestures in the first quarter against the Carolina Panthers during Super Bowl 50 at Levi's Stadium on February 7, 2016 in Santa Clara, California. (Photo by Ezra Shaw/Getty Images) Share this slide: Ezra Shaw via Getty Images More: Super Bowl Mr. Clean Suggest a correction Comments From Our Partners Presented by LendingTree Close SUBSCRIBE TO & FOLLOW TRUMP'S FIRST 100 DAYS How will Donald Trump’s first 100 days impact YOU? Subscribe, choose the community that you most identify with or want to learn more about and we’ll send you the news that matters most once a week throughout Trump’s first 100 days in office. Learn more Newsletter 8.85 M 90.5 K 466 K Podcast Add us on Snapchat You Haven't Seen A Mr. Clean Commercial Like This NEW! HIGHLIGHT AND SHARE Highlight text to share via Facebook and Twitter CONVERSATIONS Advertise RSS Careers FAQ User Agreement Privacy Comment Policy About Us About Our Ads Contact Us Archive Copyright © 2017 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc.    "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. Part of HuffPost • HPMG News
Sign In Create Account Sign Out My Account Home Magazine Current Issue Digital Edition CIAdvanced Digital Edition Archives News New Products Topics Advanced Ceramics Refractories Glass Whitewares Brick and Structural Clay Raw and Processed Materials Firing and Drying Batching and Materials Handling Forming and Finishing Instrumentation & Lab Equipment Decorating Columns IP in Depth Glass Works Ceramic Decorating More CIAdvanced Microsite CI Top 12 Raw & Manufactured Materials Overview eNewsletters Classifieds & Services Marketplace Virtual Supplier Brochures Market Trends Blogs Material Properties Charts CI Store CI Supplier of the Year Award Multimedia Videos Podcasts Photo Galleries Mobile App Events Calendar Ceramics Expo 2016 Directories Data Book & Buyers' Guide Ceramic Components Directory Materials Handbook Equipment Digest R&D Lab Equipment & Instrumentation Services Directory Take a Tour Contact Advertise Subscribe Print & Digital Edition Subscriptions eNewsletters Online Registration Customer Service Home » Oneida Appoints Lewis to Board of Directors Ceramic Industry NewsTopicsGlassWhitewares Oneida Appoints Lewis to Board of Directors The Oneida Group recently announced the appointment of Joan M. Lewis to the company’s board of directors. January 27, 2017 KEYWORDS dinnerware / general business / glassware / personnel / tableware Reprints No Comments The Oneida Group recently announced the appointment of Joan M. Lewis to the company’s board of directors. A graduate of Miami University in Oxford, Ohio, Lewis reportedly spent nearly three decades with Procter and Gamble, most recently serving as senior vice president of Consumer and Market Knowledge, Media Transformation, and Brand Building Reinvention. She also serves on the board of directors for LRW, Vitamix, and EYC. Her previous board experience includes comScore, Inc. and the Advertising Research Foundation.  “We are pleased to welcome Joan to The Oneida Group’s board of directors,” said David Weinstein, chairman of the board. “Joan is a talented strategist who has demonstrated success in areas we have identified as key to our long-term strategic vision and growth, including digital media, brand building, and business development strategies. Her unique skillset and expertise complement our existing talent and will undoubtedly be an invaluable asset to the company.” For more information, visit www.theoneidagroup.com. Did you enjoy this article? Click here to subscribe to Ceramic Industry Magazine. Related Articles EveryWare Global Changes Corporate Name to The Oneida Group Genster Robling Elected to Lifetime Brands’ Board of Directors Mallesch Nominated for Election to Libbey Board of Directors Oneida Foodservice to Distribute Luzerne Dinnerware in the Americas Related Products Handbook of Advanced Ceramics Machining Ceramic Integration and Joining Technologies: From Macro to Nanoscale The Golden Age of Karatsu Stoneware Fractography of Glasses and Ceramics V Related Events Coverings 2017 Materials Science & Technology 2017 Keramika 2017 Cevisama 2017 Related Directories Ceradyne, Inc., a 3M company Specialty Glass Inc. Sem-Com Co. Inc. Insulation Specialties of America You must login or register in order to post a comment. Report Abusive Comment Thank you for helping us to improve our forums. Is this comment offensive? Please tell us why. 
 Subscribe For Free! Print & Digital Edition Subscriptions eNewsletters Online Registration Customer Service More Videos Products Handbook of Advanced Ceramics Machining Ceramics, with their unique properties and diverse applications, hold the potential to revolutionize many industries, including automotive and semiconductors. See More Products Ceramic Industry Magazine 2017 January You won't want to miss our 2017 Raw & Manufactured Materials Overview! View More Subscribe Resources Advertiser Index List Rental Custom Content & Marketing Services Manufacturing Group Partners Want More? Connect Privacy Policy Copyright ©2017. All Rights Reserved BNP Media. Design, CMS, Hosting & Web Development :: ePublishing
Investing Trading Strategies0 How to Turn Any Protest into Profits Trading Strategies0 JPMorgan's CEO Sees Profits Ahead. Are You Ready? Trading Strategies0 What I Got Right (and Wrong) in 2016 Trading Strategies0 Why Sears Is Still the Most Dangerous Stock on Wall Street Trading Strategies0 Part Two: Big Changes Will Produce Big Profits for Savvy Investors 2 2017: Big Changes Will Produce Big Profits for Savvy Investors Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Investing Ideas0 This Market Correction Omen Just Isn't What It Used to Be Investing Ideas0 If You're Not In, You Need to Get In Now – Here Are Three New Positions Investing Ideas0 Trump's New Policy Has Everyone Talking – Here's What You Have to Say Investing Ideas0 Why Trump's Tax Plan Is a Slap in the Face to the Middle Class Investing Ideas1 How Trump's Supposed "Tax Cut" Could Actually Get Companies to Pay More Washington2 How to Play the Markets Before Trump's Inauguration Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Global Markets0 We Called This Flashing Danger Signal Back in October – Here's What's Next Global Markets0 Here's What to Do If Trump Kills the Dollar Global Markets0 Get In on the Ground Floor for This Retail Meltdown Global Markets0 Your Pre-Inauguration Market Briefing Global Markets0 This Is the Only Number That Can "Switch Off" the Bull Market Washington14 The Biggest, Most Destructive Lie the Government Tells (and Why They Keep Telling It) Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Options0 Why "Buy-and-Hold" Is the Worst Path to Retirement Options0 The Eternal "Safe Haven" Wall Street Is Hiding from You Options0 How to Play Apple This Quarter Options0 Why You Shouldn't Short Healthcare Stocks Ahead of Trump's Inauguration Options0 The One Reason Faraday Will Not Become the Next Tesla Options0 Avoid the Most Dangerous Inauguration "Advice" Trending Right Now Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Technology0 I Just Updated My 2017 Legal Marijuana Forecast Stocks6 Marijuana Investing in 2017 Just Got Even Brighter Technology0 The Secret to Tech Investing Isn't Always "Disruption" Technology0 These Shares Are Why the Nasdaq Will Clobber the Rest in 2017 Technology0 While Everyone Else Is Distracted, Stay Focused Here Technology0 One Way to Thrive in the Jobless Future Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Oil0 Why You Shouldn't Hold Your Breath for the Keystone XL Pipeline Oil0 You're About to Get the "Inside Scoop" on Global Energy Oil0 Don't Be Fooled by This Oil Myth Oil0 OPEC's Oil Deal Has a Surprising Downside… for OPEC Oil1 The Little-Known Energy Sector That's Now in Trump's Crosshairs 0 Exactly How Rising U.S. Production Is Affecting You Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close LoginMy Member Benefitsarchivesresearchyour teamabout usFAQLog out Share This Article Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Reddit Print Email Pinterest Delicious StumbleUpon Gmail Yahoo Tumblr Digg Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor Shah Says "There's Always a Place to Make Money" – and Gives Us Three Places to Do So I still remember the conversation. In fact, I can “see” it in my mind. Full Story This is premium content for paid-up Private Briefing subscribers only. How would you like to put an extra $125,000 in your nest egg? You can potentially do it this year - and you'll only have to risk $20 to learn how. Click here. Our FlagshipMoney Morning Michael A. Robinson'sStrategic Tech Investor Shah Gilani'sWall Street Insights & Indictments Access YourProfit Alerts Keith Fitz-Gerald'sTotal Wealth Dr. Kent Moors'Oil & Energy Investor Tom Gentile'sPower Profit Trades Michael Lewitt's Sure Money Research ServicesMoney Map Press Archives Research Your Team About Us FAQ Videos Login to My Account Visit Money Map Press Forget your password? Not a member? Investing Trading Strategies0 How to Turn Any Protest into Profits Trading Strategies0 JPMorgan's CEO Sees Profits Ahead. Are You Ready? Trading Strategies0 What I Got Right (and Wrong) in 2016 Trading Strategies0 Why Sears Is Still the Most Dangerous Stock on Wall Street Trading Strategies0 Part Two: Big Changes Will Produce Big Profits for Savvy Investors 2 2017: Big Changes Will Produce Big Profits for Savvy Investors Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Investing Ideas0 This Market Correction Omen Just Isn't What It Used to Be Investing Ideas0 If You're Not In, You Need to Get In Now – Here Are Three New Positions Investing Ideas0 Trump's New Policy Has Everyone Talking – Here's What You Have to Say Investing Ideas0 Why Trump's Tax Plan Is a Slap in the Face to the Middle Class Investing Ideas1 How Trump's Supposed "Tax Cut" Could Actually Get Companies to Pay More Washington2 How to Play the Markets Before Trump's Inauguration Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Global Markets0 We Called This Flashing Danger Signal Back in October – Here's What's Next Global Markets0 Here's What to Do If Trump Kills the Dollar Global Markets0 Get In on the Ground Floor for This Retail Meltdown Global Markets0 Your Pre-Inauguration Market Briefing Global Markets0 This Is the Only Number That Can "Switch Off" the Bull Market Washington14 The Biggest, Most Destructive Lie the Government Tells (and Why They Keep Telling It) Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Options0 Why "Buy-and-Hold" Is the Worst Path to Retirement Options0 The Eternal "Safe Haven" Wall Street Is Hiding from You Options0 How to Play Apple This Quarter Options0 Why You Shouldn't Short Healthcare Stocks Ahead of Trump's Inauguration Options0 The One Reason Faraday Will Not Become the Next Tesla Options0 Avoid the Most Dangerous Inauguration "Advice" Trending Right Now Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Technology0 I Just Updated My 2017 Legal Marijuana Forecast Stocks6 Marijuana Investing in 2017 Just Got Even Brighter Technology0 The Secret to Tech Investing Isn't Always "Disruption" Technology0 These Shares Are Why the Nasdaq Will Clobber the Rest in 2017 Technology0 While Everyone Else Is Distracted, Stay Focused Here Technology0 One Way to Thrive in the Jobless Future Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Oil0 Why You Shouldn't Hold Your Breath for the Keystone XL Pipeline Oil0 You're About to Get the "Inside Scoop" on Global Energy Oil0 Don't Be Fooled by This Oil Myth Oil0 OPEC's Oil Deal Has a Surprising Downside… for OPEC Oil1 The Little-Known Energy Sector That's Now in Trump's Crosshairs 0 Exactly How Rising U.S. Production Is Affecting You Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close HOME Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Dow Jones Industrial Average Today Slides After Trump's Inaugural Address Message: URL: http://mney.co/2jhsfLq two  +   =  six Required Please enter the correct value. Share Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Dow Jones Industrial Average Today Slides After Trump's Inaugural Address Message: URL: http://mney.co/2jhsfLq nine  +   =  ten Required Please enter the correct value. get daily headlines subscribe now! today's private briefing Twitter Dow Jonesno responses Dow Jones Industrial Average Today Slides After Trump's Inaugural Address By Garrett Baldwin, Economist, Money Morning • January 23, 2017 Start the conversation Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website 5  −   =  three Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter The Dow Jones Industrial Average today was sliding as President Donald Trump prepares for his first full week in office. The markets are still digesting Trump's protectionist inaugural address, which pledged to put "America first" through a process of buying American products and hiring American workers. Trump has promised to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) and said he plans to withdraw from the Trans-Pacific Partnership. On Friday, the Dow gained 94 points on the first day of Donald Trump's presidency. Proctor & Gamble Co. (NYSE: PG) gave the biggest boost to the Dow after the conglomerate easily beat Wall Street expectations for its quarterly report. However, General Electric Co. (NYSE: GE) stock slipped after the firm matched earnings expectations but fell short of revenue forecasts. Let's look at the numbers from Friday for the Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq: Dow Jones: 19,827.25; +94.85; +0.48% S&P 500: 2,271.31; +7.62.; +0.34% Nasdaq: 5,555.33; +15.25; +0.28% Here's a look at today's most important market events and stocks, plus a look at Monday's economic calendar. What's Ahead for the Dow Jones Industrial Average Today The Dow Jones Industrial Average projected a 19-point decline ahead of a busy day of earnings reports and speculation on the Trump administration's economic policies. Despite increased expectations for corporate tax reform and deregulation, investors are concerned about protectionist policies and their impact on global trade. President Trump's inaugural address Friday stirred up fears of protectionism after he said that his policies will endorse the "Buy American, Hire American" motto. Trending: A 2017 Stock Market Outlook You Won't Get Anywhere Else Many investors appear to be taking a "wait and see" approach with the Trump administration before they make and big, bold predictions. But Money Morning Technical Trading Specialist D.R. Barton says that you can make a lot of money due to other people's uncertainty. Barton sat down with Money Morning Executive Editor Bill Patalon to discuss on such trade this weekend. Check out out how you can make money this week, right here. Crude oil prices were falling Monday as increased production levels in the United States overshadowed supply cuts by OPEC. During a meeting among OPEC and non-OPEC producers over the weekend, the global oil cartel said they have taken roughly 1.5 million barrels per day off the market. However, on Friday, Baker Hughes Inc. (NYSE: BHI) reported the largest weekly increase in domestic production rigs in nearly four months. U.S. oil production is now up roughly 6% since mid-2016. The WTI crude oil price today fell 1.4%. Brent crude dipped 1.1%. Don't Miss: We Predict Natural Gas Prices in 2017 Will Soar Double Digits Money Morning Global Energy Strategist Dr. Kent Moors expects both oil and natural gas prices to continue rising by at least 20% in 2017. With energy prices set to climb, investors should read about our three best energy stocks to own in 2017. Check them out, right here. But the big story is the Affordable Care Act. On Friday, President Donald Trump signed an executive order starting the process of repealing Obamacare. The new president is expected to begin working with Congress this week to provide an alternative to former President Barack Obama's signature healthcare law. Stocks to Watch Today, Jan. 23, 2017 Shares of United Continental Holdings Inc. (NYSE: UAL) were back in focus after yet another computer glitch forced the grounding of all flights Sunday evening. The company paid for all change fees and issued travel waivers to customers. However, thousands of travelers took to social media and battered the firm on Twitter Inc. (NYSE: TWTR) and Facebook Inc. (Nasdaq: FB). In earnings news, McDonald's Corp. (NYSE: MCD) stock was up 0.8% after the company reported fourth-quarter earnings. Despite expectations that the company faced poor winter weather and slow traffic in December, the firm topped earnings, revenue, and same-store sales expectations. For the quarter, McDonald's reported an EPS of $1.45 on top of $6.05 billion in revenue. Analysts anticipated an EPS of $1.41 on top of $5.99 billion in revenue. Meanwhile, shares of Halliburton Co. (NYSE: HAL) fell 0.4% after the company fell short of quarterly revenue expectations and reported losses of $5.7 billion. The sharp downturn came after the company failed to acquire Baker Hughes Inc. (NYSE: BHI) due to regulatory scrutiny. The firm has also been under pressure due to the two-year downturn on global oil prices. Keep an eye out for additional earnings reports from Yahoo! Inc. (Nasdaq: YHOO), Brown & Brown Inc. (NYSE: BRO), Silicon Motion Technologies Corp. (Nasdaq ADR: SIMO), Woodward Inc. (NYSE: WWD), Today's U.S. Economic Calendar (all times EST) Four-Week Bill Announcement at 11 a.m. Three-Month Bill Auction at 11:30 a.m. Six-Month Bill Auction at 11:30 a.m. Act Now: Rare gold anomaly – an event so rare, it's only happened twice in 20 years! The first time it created $1.25 billion in new wealth virtually overnight. The second time, it created a cash windfall of $6 billion. And it's about to happen again. Find out more. Follow Money Morning on Facebook and Twitter. Join the conversation. Click here to jump to comments… (0) COMMENTS (0) FACEBOOK COMMENTS TAGS Tags: dow jones today Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website eight  −  three  =  Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor TODAY'S INSIGHT Shah Says "There's Always a Place to Make Money" – and Gives Us Three Places to Do So Forget your password? Not a member? Expert Content Articles By Keith Fitz-Gerald Trading StrategiesHow to Turn Any Protest into Profits Trading StrategiesJPMorgan's CEO Sees Profits Ahead. Are You Ready? Trading StrategiesWhat I Got Right (and Wrong) in 2016 TechnologyI Just Updated My 2017 Legal Marijuana Forecast Stocks6Marijuana Investing in 2017 Just Got Even Brighter TechnologyThe Secret to Tech Investing Isn't Always "Disruption" Investing IdeasThis Market Correction Omen Just Isn't What It Used to Be Investing IdeasIf You're Not In, You Need to Get In Now – Here Are Three New Positions Investing IdeasTrump's New Policy Has Everyone Talking – Here's What You Have to Say OilWhy You Shouldn't Hold Your Breath for the Keystone XL Pipeline OilYou're About to Get the "Inside Scoop" on Global Energy OilDon't Be Fooled by This Oil Myth Trading Strategies1Double Your Money on the 2017 Rally with These Six Picks Trading Strategies1How Not to Lose Everything and Die Broke Technology2This “Digital Hostage Crisis” Play Is All Upside Latest News January 27, 2017 By Garrett Baldwin Leave a Comment Dow Jones Industrial Average Today Falls After Weak Q4 GDP Report January 27, 2017 By Money Morning Staff Reports Leave a Comment Trump's Cabinet Net Worth: 30 Times That of George W.'s Cabinet January 27, 2017 By Tom Gentile Leave a Comment Why "Buy-and-Hold" Is the Worst Path to Retirement Trending Posts 9468 Reads 65 Likes Marijuana Investing in 2017 Just Got Even Brighter Michael released his extremely bullish marijuana investing forecast for the year. Now, we're seeing legislative "pushback" in some states. But the outlook for the industry is even stronger than it was... 8874 Reads 97 Likes Top Marijuana Stocks This Week (Jan. 23) What are the top marijuana stocks to watch this week? Here's everything you need to know... Today's Markets DJIA -7.13 (0.04%) 20,093.78 NASDAQ 5.60 (0.10%) 5,660.78 S&P -1.99 (0.09%) 2,294.69 BHI 0.01 (0.02%) 63.09 UAL 0.96 (-1.27%) 74.42 TWTR 0.24 (-1.43%) 16.57 MCD 0.98 (0.80%) 122.86 YHOO 0.13 (0.29%) 44.42 ABOUT MONEY MORNING Money Morning gives you access to a team of ten market experts with more than 250 years of combined investing experience – for free. Our experts – who have appeared on FOXBusiness, CNBC, NPR, and BloombergTV – deliver daily investing tips and stock picks, provide analysis with actions to take, and answer your biggest market questions. Our goal is to help our millions of e-newsletter subscribers and Moneymorning.com visitors become smarter, more confident investors. QUICK LINKS About Us How Money Morning Works FAQs Contact Us Search Article Archive Forgot Username/Password Login to Private Briefing FREE NEWSLETTERS Strategic Tech Investor Oil & Energy Investor Total Wealth Research Wall Street Insights & Indictments Power Profit Trades Sure Money Investor PREMIUM SERVICES Money Map Press Home Money Map Report Energy Advantage Nova-X Report Private BriefingEnergy Inner Circle High Velocity Profits Biotech Insider Alert Capital Wave Forecast Radical Technology Profits Stealth Profits Trader Short-Side Fortunes The Delta Factor Money Calendar Alert Weekly Cash Clock Zenith Trading Circle Get In Touch Like Our Page Follow Us © 2017 Money Morning All Rights Reserved. Protected by copyright of the United States and international treaties. Any reproduction, copying, or redistribution (electronic or otherwise, including the world wide web), of content from this webpage, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Money Morning. Address: 16 W. Madison St. Baltimore, MD, 21201 | Phone: 888.384.8339 I Disclaimer | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Whitelist Us
the economist Topics down icon Sections Latest updates Britain Europe United States The Americas Middle East and Africa Asia China International Business Finance and economics Science and technology Books and arts Obituaries Leaders Debate Media The Economist apps Economist Films Economist Radio Audio edition Blogs Buttonwood's notebook Erasmus Game theory Gulliver The Economist explains Bagehot's notebook Democracy in America Free exchange Graphic detail ProsperoPrint edition More down icon Apps & Digital Editions The Economist apps Espresso Global Business Review World in Figures Other Publications 1843 Magazine The World In The World If Media Economist Films Economist Radio Audio edition From The Economist Group Events Jobs Board Which MBA Executive Education Navigator GMAT tutor GRE tutor Learning.ly The Economist Store Subscribe user iconLog in or registerManage subscription down icon Log in New to The Economist? Register now Activate your digital subscription Manage your subscription Renew your subscription magnifier iconSearch hamburger icon close icon Topics up icon Latest updates Britain Europe United States The Americas Middle East and Africa Asia China International Business Finance and economics Science and technology Books and arts Obituaries Leaders Debate Blogs up icon Buttonwood's notebook Erasmus Game theory Gulliver The Economist explains Bagehot's notebook Democracy in America Free exchange Graphic detail Prospero Print Edition The Economist apps Economist Films Economist Radio Audio edition More up icon The Economist apps Espresso Global Business Review World in Figures Events Jobs Board Which MBA Executive Education Navigator GMAT tutor GRE tutor Learning.ly The Economist StoreSubscribe MultinationalsThe retreat of the global company The biggest business idea of the past three decades is in deep trouble print-edition icon From the print edition | BriefingJan 28th 2017, 00:00 twitter icon facebook icon more iconMore linkedin icon googleplus icon mail icon print icon purchase-rights icon IT WAS as though the world had a new appetite. A Kentucky Fried Chicken (KFC) outlet opened near Tiananmen Square in 1987. In 1990 a McDonald’s sprang up in Pushkin Square, flipping burgers for 30,000 Muscovites on its first day. Later that year Ronald McDonald rolled into Shenzhen, China, too. Between 1990 and 2005 the two companies’ combined foreign sales soared by 400%. McDonald’s and KFC embodied an idea that would become incredibly powerful: global firms, run by global managers and owned by global shareholders, should sell global products to global customers. For a long time their planet-straddling model was as hot, crisp and moreish as their fries.  Today both companies have gone soggy. Their shares have lagged behind America’s stockmarket over the past half-decade. Yum, which owns KFC, saw its foreign profits peak in 2012; they have fallen by 20% since. Those of McDonald’s are down by 29% since 2013 (see article). Last year Yum threw in the towel in China and spun off its business there. On January 8th McDonald’s sold a majority stake in its Chinese operation to a state-owned firm. There are specific reasons for some of this; but there is also a broader trend. The world is losing its taste for global businesses. Their detractors and their champions both think of multinational firms—for the purposes of this article, firms that make over 30% of their sales outside their home region (unless otherwise specified)—as the apex predators of the global economy. They shape the ecosystems in which others seek their living. They direct the flows of goods, services and capital that brought globalisation to life. Though multinationals account for only 2% of the world’s jobs, they own or orchestrate the supply chains that account for over 50% of world trade; they make up 40% of the value of the West’s stockmarkets; and they own most of the world’s intellectual property. Although the idea of being at the top of the food chain makes these companies sound ruthless and all-conquering, rickety and overextended are often more fitting adjectives. And like jackals circling an elderly pride, politicians want to grab more of the spoils that multinational firms have come to control, including 80m jobs on their payrolls and their profits of about $1trn. As multinational firms come to make ever more of their money from technology services they become yet more vulnerable to a backlash. The predators are increasingly coming to look like prey. It all looked very different 25 years ago. With the Soviet Union collapsing and China opening up, a sense of destiny gripped Western firms; the “end of history” announced by Francis Fukuyama, a scholar, in which all countries would converge towards democracy and capitalism seemed both a historical turning-point and a huge opportunity. There were already many multinationals, some long established. Shell, Coca-Cola and Unilever had histories spanning the 20th century. But they had been run, for the most part, as loose federations of national businesses. The new multinationals sought to be truly global. Companies became obsessed with internationalising their customers, production, capital and management. Academics draw distinctions between going global “vertically”—relocating production and the sourcing of raw materials—and “horizontally”—selling into new markets. But in practice many firms went global every which way at once, enthusiastically buying rivals, courting customers and opening factories wherever the opportunity arose. Though the trend started in the rich world, it soon caught on among large companies in developing economies, too. And it was huge: 85% of the global stock of multinational investment was created after 1990, after adjusting for inflation (see chart 1). By 2006 Sam Palmisano, the boss of IBM, was arguing that the “globally integrated enterprise” run as a unitary organisation, rather than as a federation, would transcend all borders as it sought “the integration of production and value delivery worldwide”. From the Seattle demonstrations of 1999 onwards, anti-globalisation activists had been saying much the same, while drawing less solace from the prospect. The only business star to resist the orthodoxy was Warren Buffett; he sought out monopolies at home instead. Such a spree could not last forever; an increasing body of evidence suggests that it has now ended. In 2016 multinationals’ cross-border investment probably fell by 10-15%. Impressive as the share of trade accounted for by cross-border supply chains is, it has stagnated since 2007 (see chart 2). The proportion of sales that Western firms make outside their home region has shrunk. Multinationals’ profits are falling and the flow of new multinational investment has been declining relative to GDP. The global firm is in retreat. The other end of the end of history To understand why this is, consider the three parties that made the boom possible: investors; the “headquarters countries” in which global firms are domiciled; and the “host countries” that received multinational investment. For their different reasons each thought that multinational firms would provide superior financial or economic performance. Investors saw a huge potential for economies of scale. As China, India and the Soviet Union opened up, and as Europe liberalised itself into a single market, firms could sell the same product to more people. And as the federation model was replaced by global integration, firms would be able to fine-tune the mix of inputs they got from around the world—a geographic arbitrage that would improve efficiency, as Martin Reeves of BCG, a consultancy, puts it. From the rich world they could get management, capital, brands and technology. From the emerging world they could get cheap workers and raw materials as well as lighter rules on pollution. These advantages led investors to think global firms would grow faster and make higher profits. That was true for a while. It is not true today. The profits of the top 700-odd multinational firms based in the rich world have dropped by 25% over the past five years, according to FTSE, an index firm. The weakness of many currencies against the dollar is part of the story, but explains only a third of the fall. The profits of domestic firms rose by 2%. A complementary measure comes from the foreign profits of all firms as recorded in balance-of-payments statistics. Though the data refer to firms of all sizes, big ones dominate the mix. For companies with headquarters in the OECD, a club of mostly rich countries, foreign profits are down by 17% over five years. American firms suffered less, with a 12% drop, partly because of their skew towards the fast-growing technology sector. For non-American firms the drop was 20%. Profits should be compared with the capital sunk. The return on equity (ROE) of the top 700 multinationals has dropped from a peak of 18% a decade ago to 11%. The returns on the foreign operations of all firms have fallen, too, based on balance-of-payments statistics. For the three countries which have, historically, hosted the most and biggest multinationals, America, Britain and the Netherlands, ROE on foreign investment has shrunk to 4-8%. The trend is similar across the OECD (see chart 3). Multinationals based in emerging economies, which account for about a seventh of global firms’ overall activity, have fared no better: their worldwide ROE is 8%. Several supposed champions—such as Lenovo, the Chinese company which bought IBM’s PC business and parts of Motorola—have been financial flops. China’s biggest completed cross-border acquisition was of Nexen, a Canadian oil firm, in 2012. Last year the buyer, CNOOC, a state-owned energy firm, wrote a chunk of it off. About half of the deterioration in multinationals’ ROE over the past 5-10 years is explained by the slump in commodity prices, and thus the profits of oil firms, mining firms and the like. Another 10% of the deterioration is due to banks. Firms that provide the specialist services behind globalisation have also been hammered. Profits have dropped by over 50% from their peak at Maersk, a Danish shipping line, Mitsui, a Japanese trading house, and Li & Fung, a supply-chain agent for retailers. The pain extends beyond these core industries, however. Half of all big multinationals have seen their ROE fall in the past three years; 40% fail to make an ROE of over 10%, widely seen as a benchmark of whether a firm is creating any value worth speaking of. Even at powerhouses such as Unilever, General Electric (GE), PepsiCo and Procter & Gamble, foreign profits are down by a quarter or more from their peak. The only bright spot is the technology giants. Their foreign profits comprise 46% of the total foreign earnings of the top 50 American multinationals, up from 17% a decade ago. Apple made $46bn abroad last year, more than any other firm and five times more than GE, often seen as America’s bellwether. These figures mean multinationals are no longer achieving superior performance. The Economist has examined the record of the 500 largest firms worldwide. In eight out of ten sectors, multinational firms have expanded their aggregate sales more slowly than their domestic peers. In six out of the ten sectors they have lower ROEs (see chart 4). For American firms, returns are now 30% higher in their home market, where cosy oligopoly has become more enticing than the hurly-burly of an unruly world. Individual bosses will often blame one-off factors: currency moves, the collapse of Venezuela, a depression in Europe, a crackdown on graft in China, and so on. But the deeper explanation is that both the advantages of scale and those of arbitrage have worn away. Global firms have big overheads; complex supply chains tie up inventory; sprawling organisations are hard to run. Some arbitrage opportunities have been exhausted; wages have risen in China; and most firms have massaged their tax bills as low as they can go. The free flow of information means that competitors can catch up with leads in technology and know-how more easily than they used to. As a result firms with a domestic focus are winning market share. In Brazil two local banks, Itaú and Bradesco, have trounced global lenders. In India Vodafone, a Western mobile-phone operator and Bharti Airtel, an Indian multinational active in 20 countries, are losing customers to Reliance, a domestic firm. In America shale firms stole a march on the global oil majors. In China local dumpling brands are eating into KFC’s sales. A blend of measures for listed firms shows that multinationals’ share of global profits, 35% a decade ago, is now only 30%. So much for the investors. What about the second constituency for multinationals, the “headquarters countries”? In the 1990s and 2000s they wanted their national champions to go global in order to become bigger and brainier. A study by McKinsey, a consultancy, based on 2007 data, outlined the sort of benefits they were after. Multinationals operating in America, which accounted for 19% of private-sector jobs, were responsible for 25% of private wages, 25% of profits, 48% of exports and 74% of research and development. Go them. Citizens of nowhere The mood changed after the financial crisis. Multinational firms started to be seen as agents of inequality. They created jobs abroad, but not at home. Between 2009 and 2013, only 5%, or 400,000, of the net jobs created in America were created by multinational firms domiciled there (although preliminary figures suggest that job creation picked up sharply in 2014). The profits from their hoards of intellectual property were pocketed by a wealthy shareholder elite. Political willingness to help multinationals duly lapsed. As a result, the tapestry of rules designed to help businesses globally is fraying. Global accounting, antitrust, money-laundering and bank-capital rules have splintered into American and European camps. Takeovers of Western firms now often come with strings attached by governments to safeguard local jobs and plants. Two American-led trade deals, known as TPP and TTIP, that gave protection to intellectual property, have flopped. The global tribunals that multinationals use to bypass national courts have come under attack. The deep roots of globalisation mean that trying to favour domestic companies by erecting tariffs no longer works as once it did. Over half of all exports, measured by value, cross a border at least twice before reaching the end-customer, so such tariffs hurt all alike. This does not mean that the inept or ignorant will not try them. But it does encourage the use of other avenues to try and right perceived wrongs, such as the tax system and good old political muscle. A typical multinational has over 500 legal entities, some based in tax havens. Using American figures, it pays a tax rate of about 10% on its foreign profits. The European Union (EU) is trying to raise that figure. It has cracked down on Luxembourg, which offered generous deals to multinationals that parked profits there; it also hit Apple with a $15bn penalty for breaching state-aid rules by booking profits in Ireland, with which it had a bespoke tax deal. America, for its part, has barred big firms from using legal “inversions” to shift their tax base abroad, most notably in the case of Pfizer, a pharmaceutical company that is America’s third-largest foreign earner. Republicans in Congress are debating changes to the tax code which would see exporters and firms bringing profits home pay less than before, while firms shifting production abroad would face levies. Meanwhile, some firms have apparently been browbeaten into outsourcing decisions about where to base factories by Donald Trump, the new American president. On January 3rd Ford, a carmaker, agreed to cancel a new plant in Mexico and invest more at home. Mr Trump also wants Apple to shift more of its supply chain home. If these trends continue global firms’ tax and wage bills will rise, squeezing profits further. If American multinationals shifted a quarter of their foreign jobs home, at American wage rates, and paid the same tax rate abroad as they did at home, their profits would fall by another 12%. This excludes the cost of building the new plants in America. Of all those involved in the spread of global businesses, the “host countries” that receive investment by multinationals remain the most enthusiastic. The example of China, where by 2010 30% of industrial output and 50% of exports were produced by the subsidiaries or joint-ventures of multinational firms, is still attractive. Argentina’s government wants to draw in foreign firms. Mexico has just sold stakes in its oilfields to foreign firms, including ExxonMobil and Total. India has a campaign called “make in India” to attract multinational supply chains. An index through which the OECD seeks to gauge the openness of host countries shows no overall deterioration since the financial crisis. But there are gathering clouds. China has been turning the screws on foreign firms in a push for “indigenous innovation”. Bosses say that more products have to be sourced locally and intellectual property often ends up handed over to local partners. Strategic industries, including the internet, are out of bounds to foreign investment. Many fear that China’s approach will be mimicked around the developing world, forcing multinational firms to invest more locally and create more jobs—a mirror image of the pressures placed on them at home. The price of hospitality Host countries may also become less welcoming as activity shifts towards intangible services. For the top 50 American multinationals, 65% of foreign profits now come from industries reliant on intellectual property, such as technology, drug patents and finance. A decade ago it was 35%, and the share is still rising. (It is much lower in Europe and Japan, which do not have big technology firms.) There is no serious appetite among multinationals to recreate in Africa or India the manufacturing centres they spurred on in China, which removes a reason for those host countries to welcome them. The jobs and exports that can be attributed to multinationals are already a diminishing part of the story. In 2000 every billion dollars of the stock of worldwide foreign investment represented 7,000 jobs and $600m of annual exports. Today $1bn supports 3,000 jobs and $300m of exports. Silicon Valley’s latest stars are already controversial abroad. In 2016 Uber sold its Chinese operations to a local rival after a brutal battle. In December India’s two digital champions, Ola, a ride-hailing firm, and Flipkart, an e-commerce site, said the government should protect them against Uber and Amazon. They argued that their rivals would build monopolies, create few good jobs and ship the profits to America. The last time the multinational company was in trouble was in the aftermath of the Depression. Between 1930 and 1970 their stock of investment abroad fell by about a third relative to global GDP; it did not recover until 1991. Some firms “hopped” across tariffs by building new factories within protectionist countries. Many restructured, ceding autonomy to their foreign subsidiaries to try to give them a local character. Others decided to break themselves up. Today multinationals need to rethink their competitive advantage again. Some of the old arguments for going global are obsolete—in part because of the more general successes of globalisation. Most multinationals do not act as internal markets for trade. Only a third of their output is now bought by affiliates in the same group. External supply chains do the rest. Multinational firms no longer have a lock on the most promising ideas about management or innovation. Where they have enforceable patents over valuable brands they are still at an advantage, as they are in products, such as jet engines, where economies of scale are best created by spreading costs over the entire world. But those benefits are less than they were. The lack of advantage is revealed in the amount of activity that yields little value. Roughly 50% of the stock of foreign direct investment makes an ROE of less than 10% (40% of the stock if you exclude natural-resources firms). Ford and General Motors make 80% or more of their profits in North America, suggesting their foreign returns are abysmal. Many industries that tried to globalise seem to work best when national or regional. For some, the penny has dropped. Retailers such as Britain’s Tesco and France’s Casino have abandoned many of their foreign adventures. America’s telecoms giants, AT&T and Verizon, have put away their passports. Financial firms are focusing on their “core” markets. LafargeHolcim, a cement maker, plans to sell, or has sold, businesses in India, South Korea, Saudi Arabia and Vietnam. Even successful global firms have gone on diets. P&G’s foreign sales have dropped by almost a third since 2012 as it has closed or sold weak businesses. It looks as if, in the future, the global business scene will have three elements. A smaller top tier of multinational firms will burrow deeper into the economies of their hosts, helping to assuage nationalistic concerns. General Electric is localising its production, supply chains and management. Emerson, a conglomerate that has over 100 factories outside America, sources about 80% of its production in the region where it is sold. Some foreign firms will invest more deeply in American-based production in order to avoid tariffs, if Mr Trump imposes them, much as Japanese car firms did in the 1980s. This is doable if you are large. Siemens, a German industrial giant, employs 50,000 in America and has 60 factories there. But midsized industrial firms will struggle to muster the resources to invest more deeply in all their markets. Politicians will increasingly insist that companies buying foreign firms promise to preserve their national character, including jobs, R&D activity and tax payments. SoftBank, a Japanese firm that bought ARM, a British chip company, in 2016, agreed to such commitments. So has Sinochem, a Chinese chemicals firm that is buying Syngenta, a Swiss rival. The boom in foreign takeovers by Chinese firms, meanwhile, may fizzle out or explode. Many such deals, reliant on subsidised loans from state banks, probably make little financial sense. The second element will be a brittle layer of global digital and intellectual-property multinationals: technology firms, such as Google and Netflix; drugs companies; and companies that use franchising deals with local firms as a cheap way to maintain a global footprint and the market advantage that brings. The hotel industry, with its large branding firms such as Hilton and Intercontinental, is a prime example of the tactic. McDonald’s is shifting to a franchising model in Asia. These intangible multinationals will grow fast. But because they create few direct jobs, often involve oligopolies and do not benefit from the protection of global trade rules, which for the most part only look after physical goods, they will be vulnerable to nationalist backlashes. The seeds of something more The final element will be perhaps the most interesting: a rising cohort of small firms using e-commerce to buy and sell on a global scale. Up to 10% of America’s 30m or so small firms already do this to some extent. PayPal, a digital payments firm, says its cross border transactions, which include activity from such multinationalettes, are running at $80bn a year, and growing fast. Jack Ma, the boss of Alibaba, a Chinese e-commerce firm, predicts that a wave of small Western firms exporting goods to Chinese consumers will go some way to reversing the past two decades of massive American firms importing goods from China. The new, prudent age of the multinational will have costs. Countries that have grown used to global firms throwing cash around may find that competition abates and prices rise. Investors, who all told have a third or more of their equity portfolios tied up in multinational firms, could face some unpleasant turbulence. Economies that rely on income from foreign investments, or capital inflows from new ones, will suffer. The collapse in profits from British multinationals is the reason why Britain’s balance of payments looks bad. Of the 15 countries with current-account deficits of over 2.5% of GDP in 2015, 11 relied on fresh multinational investment to finance at least a third of the gap. The result will be a more fragmented and parochial kind of capitalism, and quite possibly a less efficient one—but also, perhaps, one with wider public support. And the infatuation with global companies will come to be seen as a passing episode in business history, rather than its end. This article appeared in the Briefing section of the print edition under the headline "The retreat of the global company" twitter icon facebook icon more iconMore linkedin icon googleplus icon mail icon print icon purchase-rights icon Be the first to comment Editors’ picks Muslim attireThe state and the veil A dispute over Muslim women’s attire is helping nobody International In retreatThe multinational company is in troubleLeaders Rooster boostersChina’s biggest festival is going globalChina Angry historyThe deep roots of modern resentmentCulture Latest Updates Trump and abortionAnti-abortion protesters hope for change under Donald Trump Democracy in America Daily chartThe homogeneity of Donald Trump's cabinet Graphic detail “The Founder”A Trumpian biopic of Ray Kroc Prospero Taxing the poorMaking protectionism unpopular again Buttonwood's notebook Sacred readings, holy rows Why Koran readings in Anglican churches preoccupy the mighty Erasmus The Economist explainsHow easy is it for Americans to move to Canada? The Economist explains Taxes and tariffsThe White House hints that tax reform could pay for the border wall Democracy in America Close to midnightThe Doomsday Clock now reads two and a half minutes to midnight Democracy in America Daily chartHow necessary is Donald Trump’s wall? Graphic detail Forever present Digital immortality for the Holocaust’s last survivors Prospero IndicatorsRetail sales, producer prices, wages and exchange rates IndicatorsForeign reserves Pay as you goPresident Trump’s infrastructure plans probably involve more tolls Gulliver The Economist explainsWhy Berlin’s new airport keeps missing its opening date The Economist explains President’s ordersDonald Trump gets serious about building a border wall Democracy in America Monkey businessUnderstanding the spike in China’s birth rate Asia Podcast: BabbagePrinting parts Science and technology Take your tabletAmerican Airlines does away with seat-back entertainment Gulliver Authors and legislatorsOn Barack Obama and Benjamin Disraeli Prospero Daily chartDeclining trust in government is denting democracy Graphic detail → see all updates You are viewing a beta release of The Economist website. Please tell us what you think. Leave feedbackBack to old version You are viewing a beta release of The Economist website. Please tell us what you think. Leave feedbackBack to old version Subscribe Contact us Help Keep updated facebook icon twitter icon googleplus icon linkedin icon tumblr icon instagram icon youtube icon rss icon mail iconSubscribe to The Economist newsletters Advertise Reprints Careers Media Centre Site Map Published since September 1843 to take part in “a severe contest between intelligence, which presses forward, and an unworthy, timid ignorance obstructing our progress.” Terms of Use Privacy Cookies Accessibility Copyright © The Economist Newspaper Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
Tech Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies TV Politics Business Super Bowl Ads     Sexy Mr. Clean Super Bowl Commercial 2017 Fully Released Posted: Jan 26 2017, 11:58am CST | by Luigi Lugmayr, Updated: Jan 26 2017, 12:05pm CST, in News | Super Bowl   This story may contain affiliate links.   The Mr. Clean Super Bowl 2017 ad is released online ahead of the Big Game. The teaser for the Mr. Clean Super Bowl commercial earlier this week already revealed that the ad will be raunchy. Today Procter & Gamble released the full Mr. Clean Super Bowl 2017 ad and it is a sexy Super Bowl commercial that you would not expect from a cleaning brand. Don't Miss: Latest Science and Medical Discoveries In the Mr. Clean Super Bowl 2017 commercial Mr. Clean gets his groove on while cleaning. His moves turn on the housewife and the commercial has fun twist at the end. Watch the full Mr. Clean Super Bowl ad below. The Mr. Clean has been introduced back in 1958. The all-purpose cleaner and melamine foam cleaner is a household name in the United States and under different names around the world. In Germany Mr. Clean is Meister Proper. French consumers call him Monsieur Propre. Many Super Bowl advertisers are releasing their commercials for the Big Game early. So far the Lexus Super Bowl LI commercial and the Squarespace Super Bowl 2017 ad have been released in full. The Super Bowl 2017 Ads and Advertiser list features all Super Bowl 2017 commercials announced so far. Find out who puts down the more than $5 million for a 30 second spot in the Super Bowl 2017 broadcast on Fox. The Super Bowl 2017 will take place in the NRG Stadium in Houston on Sunday, Feb. 5, 2017. It is Fox's turn to broadcast the Super Bowl 2017. Pepsi is again the sponsor of the Super Bowl LI Halftime Show. The full official title of the show between the first and second halftime is pretty long winded: Pepsi Zero Sugar Super Bowl LI Halftime Show. In October the NFL already announced the Super Bowl LI half-time show performer. Lady Gaga will perform the Super Bowl 2017 Halftime Show. The Pepsi Zero Sugar Super Bowl LI Halftime Show is the most-watched musical event of the year. More than 116.5 million viewers in the U.S. watched last year's show. Super Bowl LI and Halftime Show will be broadcast by FOX Sports from NRG Stadium in Houston. Super Bowl LI marks Pepsi's fifth year as title sponsor of the Super Bowl Halftime Show and 15th year as an NFL partner.  Find out everything to know about the Super Bowl LI in the Super Bowl 2017 Facts and browse the best Super Bowl 2017 TV deals.   I4U News will again like in previous years provide full coverage of the Super Bowl 51 ads. Take a look at the best Super Bowl ads from last year. Read the latest Super Bowl 2017 News. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News Best Super Bowl TV Deals: 65-inch Samsung KS8000 HDR 4K TV Dropped in Price 12 hours ago, 2:17pm CST GNC Super Bowl 2017 Ad 23 hours ago, 3:28am CST Mercedes-Benz Super Bowl 2017 Commercial Announced 1 day ago, 12:53am CST Mercedes Super Bowl Commercial 2017 Directed By Coen Brothers Released 1 day ago, 12:47am CST Heinz Wants to Make Monday After Super Bowl Sunday a National Holiday 1 day ago, 3:04pm CST NASA Develops Super-sensitive Test for Detecting Life on Other Planets 4 hours ago 2017 Skoda Kodiaq Scout Revealed Ahead of Geneva Motor Show Debut 6 hours ago Mercedes-Benz Previews Looks of its Next-Generation Cars with Aesthetics A 6 hours ago Next-Gen Volkswagen Golf GTI Set to Get Hybrid Performance Boost 6 hours ago First Hybrid Human-Pig Embryos Created Using Stem Cells 7 hours ago Time Crystals: New Form of Matter Created 7 hours ago Aston Martin Reveals 580-HP Vanquish S Volante Convertible 7 hours ago New Study Reveals 1 in 4 Adults and 1 in 10 Teens in US Still Use Tobacco 8 hours ago Ford SmartLink Provides Older Cars Modem Connectivity Features 8 hours ago Apollo 1: NASA Honors Fallen Astronauts 8 hours ago Featured News This Super Bowl 2017 TV Will Blow Away Your Friends The Celebrities in Super Bowl 2017 Commercials: Gal Gadot, Jason Statham, Justin Timberlake, Melissa McCarthy and More   The Best Super Bowl TV Deals 2017 To Buy Now NES Classic in Stock at Target Stores, Updated Super Bowl Best Super Bowl TV Deals: 65-inch Samsung KS8000 HDR 4K TV Dropped in Price 12 hours ago, 2:17pm CST GNC Super Bowl 2017 Ad 23 hours ago, 3:28am CST Mercedes-Benz Super Bowl 2017 Commercial Announced 1 day ago, 12:53am CST Mercedes Super Bowl Commercial 2017 Directed By Coen Brothers Released 1 day ago, 12:47am CST More Super Bowl Stories Latest News NASA Develops Super-sensitive Test for Detecting Life on Other Planets 4 hours ago 2017 Skoda Kodiaq Scout Revealed Ahead of Geneva Motor Show Debut 6 hours ago Mercedes-Benz Previews Looks of its Next-Generation Cars with Aesthetics A 6 hours ago Next-Gen Volkswagen Golf GTI Set to Get Hybrid Performance Boost 6 hours ago More Latest News Your Deals on Amazon The Latest ... Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Black Friday 2017 Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Super Bowl 2017 Ads The Super Bowl 2017 will take place in the NRG Stadium in Houston on Sunday, Feb. 5, 2017. It is Fox's turn to broadcast the Super Bowl 2017. Pepsi is again the sponsor of the Super Bowl LI Halftime Show. In October the NFL already announced the Super Bowl LI half-time show performer. Lady Gaga will perform the Super Bowl 2017 Halftime Show. Find all Super Bowl 2017 commercials listed in our Super Bowl 2017 Ads and Advertiser list. Find out everything to know about the Super Bowl LI in the Super Bowl 2017 Facts. I4U News will again like in previous years provide full coverage of the Super Bowl 51 ads. Take a look at the best Super Bowl ads from last year. Read the latest Super Bowl 2017 News. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017
Film TV Club Music Food Books Games Aux Store More Sexy Mr. Clean gets dirty in new Super Bowl ad Most Read A.V. Club Most Read 1 Credit: @realRealDukat Twitter Posted Jan 27 All of Trump’s tweets are being redone as Star Trek: Deep Space Nine’s Dukat 2 Screenshot: Twitter, @DanaSchwartzzz Posted Jan 27 UPDATED: Trump might be editing photos in the White House to make his tiny hands look bigger 3 (Photo: Mark Cuthbert/Getty Images) Posted Jan 27 R.I.P. John Hurt 4 Posted Jan 27 Crazy Ex-Girlfriend definitely has friends in a dynamic but uneven episode Film TV Club Music Food Comedy Books Games Aux Newswire Reviews Video Great Job, Internet! Film TV Club Music Food Books Games Aux Store Newswire Features Reviews Videos Great Job, Internet! The Latest From Newswire (Photo: Mark Cuthbert/Getty Images) R.I.P. John Hurt Bill Paxton, declaring "Game over, man!" in Aliens. James Cameron doesn’t think the world needs any more Alien movies The Latest From Features Barbara Loden in Wanda A surreal artist, a forgotten actor’s story, and an album benefiting a worthy cause Screenshot: Resident Evil 7: Biohazard/Capcom How do you deal with horror games when things get too scary? The Latest From Reviews B+ Photo: Alex McDonnel Culture is the album Migos has been building toward for years B- Photo: Amy Long/Beck Media The Ring and The Grudge collide in the teen-friendly J-horror flick Sadako Vs. Kayako The Latest From Videos Learn why “chode” is Bear’s Den’s favorite swear word   Bear’s Den performs “Dew On The Vine” live in our office   The Latest From Great Job, Internet! Screenshot: YouTube Shout-out to this dog for having a long-ass tail (Photo: Warner Bros.) Chart every point ever given or taken in Harry Potter with this detailed infographic All Recent Browse Our Features Coming Distractions Savage Love Facebook Twitter Tumblr TV Newswire Sexy Mr. Clean gets dirty in new Super Bowl ad By Alex McCown-Levy@alexm247 Jan 26, 2017 12:01 PM Rat-a-tat-tat that ass, right, ladies? (screenshot: YouTube) Rat-a-tat-tat that ass, right, ladies? (screenshot: YouTube) Share Tweet Share Tweet Girl, you know you’ve been having that fantasy again. Don’t deny it: You’re sitting there at home in your kitchen, looking at that messy stain from last night’s chicken cacciatore, and thinking to yourself, “God, using cleaning products really makes me want to get my fuck on. Isn’t there a company whose chemical burn also fires up my loins?” Baby, just relax and let Mr. Clean take over. Forget those old live-action versions of a human male you could conceivably have actual intercourse with, sweet thing, and set aside that weird spot from three months ago where Kellan Lutz ”auditioned” to be the new spokescleaner. In a new Super Bowl ad that’s already making panties wet on YouTube, the longstanding symbol of Proctor & Gamble’s foray into cartoon human mascots representing all-purpose cleaners is reminding you ladies just how much mopping floors makes you want to enter the bone zone. Oh yeah, just look at those tight CGI-rendered buns, thrusting back and forth as he slides that cleaning stick all up in your hardwood floors. Is it getting hot in here? Then better not watch him slowly wipe himself across your glass shower door, a moment sure to shoot right to the top of the Hentai search results in every cartoon porn website. It even ends with a command, not a request: “You gotta love a man who cleans.” So just tape a picture of that gleaming animated scalp to your headboard, or possibly make your man wear a paper bag over his head with bona fide sex panther Clean’s face affixed to it, and take the freshly scrubbed train to pound town, because this call to heterosexual capitalist purchasing power is ready for some hot wet action. Submit your Newswire tips here. Share Tweet Filed Under: TV, Super Bowl ads, Mr. Clean More Newswire Previous Newswire Frances Bean Cobain files paperwork to get her dad’s guitar back from ex-husband Next Newswire Frances Bean Cobain files paperwork to get her dad’s guitar back from ex-husband WATCH VIDEO FROM THE A.V. CLUB Don't miss a story—follow The A.V. Club on: Can't see comments? Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Content continues below A.V. Club Most Read 1 Credit: @realRealDukat Twitter Posted Jan 27 All of Trump’s tweets are being redone as Star Trek: Deep Space Nine’s Dukat 2 Screenshot: Twitter, @DanaSchwartzzz Posted Jan 27 UPDATED: Trump might be editing photos in the White House to make his tiny hands look bigger 3 (Photo: Mark Cuthbert/Getty Images) Posted Jan 27 R.I.P. John Hurt 4 Posted Jan 27 Crazy Ex-Girlfriend definitely has friends in a dynamic but uneven episode More Newswire R.I.P. John Hurt Jan 27, 2017 8:29 PM James Cameron doesn’t think the world needs any more Alien movies Jan 27, 2017 7:37 PM Stranger Things’ Millie Bobby Brown will fight Godzilla: King Of Monsters Jan 27, 2017 7:09 PM The Coen brothers made a new Super Bowl commercial Jan 27, 2017 6:56 PM Sign up for news Daily Newsletter Highlights from The A.V. Club What's On Tonight A daily update on the world of TV Submit Links and such All Recent Browse Our Features Coming Distractions Savage Love Contests RSS About Us Contact Advertise Jobs Privacy Policy The A.V. Club Store Our Partners Hitfix Mental Floss Oh My Rockness Uproxx Upworthy Vice © Copyright 2017 Onion Inc. All Rights Reserved.  
Follow @triplepundit 46.8k Triple Pundit: People, Planet, Profit Menu Special Series Progress to 2020: Tackling resource use from all angles In this series we’ll take a fresh look at resources and how they are used. We’ll go beyond natural resources like air and water to look at how efficiency in raw materials can boost the bottom line and help the environment. We’ll also examine the circular economy and design for reuse — with an eye toward honoring those resources we do have. Sponsored by Sealed Air Sustainability at Home and Beyond While changes at home can’t solve the many environmental crises we face today, they can sure help. Through this series, we’ll explore how initiatives like curbside compost pick-up, rebates on compost bins, and efficient appliances can help families reduce their impact without breaking the bank. Sponsored by Whirlpool Corporation Social Impacts in Apparel Despite decades -- centuries even -- of global efforts, slavery can still be found not just on the high seas, but around the world and throughout various supply chains. Through this series on forced labor, sponsored by C&A Foundation, we’ll explore many different types of bonded and forced labor and highlight industries where this practice is alive and well today. Sponsored by C&A Foundation Black Lives Matter and Beyond In this series we examine how companies should respond to national controversy like police violence and the BLM movement to best support employees and how can companies work to improve equality by increasing diversity in their ranks directly. Sponsored by Symantec Are Americans Getting Healthier? Advances in medical science and healthcare mean Americans are living longer than ever. But lifestyle choices can hold us back. We'll take a look at whole health and how we can continue to improve. Sponsored by CVS Health Community Compost: The space between worm bins and anaerobic digesters? Compost is often considered a panacea for the United States’ tremendous food waste problem. Indeed, composting is a much better option than putting spoiled food in a garbage can destined for a landfill. Sponsored by Inika Close Categories Climate & Environment – This category is climate change in relation to sustainability and CSR and how these segments effect one another. This includes how climate change has started to cause a wide range of physical effects with serious implications for investors and businesses, and how the business sector discloses climate risks and manage them. Corporate Responsibility – This category is about Corporate social responsibility (CSR), a form of corporate self-regulation integrated into a business model. The goal of CSR is to embrace responsibility for the company’s actions and encourage a positive impact through its activities on the environment, consumers, employees, communities, stakeholders and all other members of the public sphere. Investment & Markets – Resources & Information related to Investment & Markets, Socially Responsible Investing, SRI, Socially Conscious, Ethical Investing and more. New Economics – This category is about the relation between business economies and sustainability and CSR. Company economies have great impact on how much effort they put into their CSR strategy and incorporating green strategies can have en effect on company growth. Economics Conscious Capitalism B-Corps Business Models Circular Economy Sharing Economy Policy & Government Society – Poverty Solutions Fair Trade Labor Social Equity Diversity/Inclusion Communicating Sustainability Technology – Resources & Information related to Clean Technology, Recycling, Renewable Energy, Green Buildings and more. Industry Verticals Stories organized by verticals: Advertising & Marketing | Apparel | Buildings | Consumer Packaged Goods | Energy | Finance | Food & Agriculture | Healthcare | Information Technology | Retail | Shipping & Logistics | Sports | Transportation | Travel & Hospitality Close 3p Podium 3p Content Shop Corporations: Unlikely Heroes in America’s Quest for Climate Action by 3p Contributor on Wednesday, Jan 25th, 2017 Climate & Environment Share Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) By Marty Spitzer Major U.S. companies have been supporting climate action and investing in renewable energy for decades. IBM set a greenhouse gas emission reduction goal in 1998. Johnson & Johnson set one in 2000 and invested in its first solar project a year later. But a lot has changed since those early days.  What began as a vocal minority is now a loud and steady chorus. Today, companies realize there is real money to be saved by embracing energy efficiency and reducing emissions. By investing in renewable energy, corporations can lock in cheaper energy prices and reduce the risk of market volatility. These economic benefits of investing in renewables and greening their operations and supply chains have made companies active leaders in the U.S. climate movement. Regardless of the incoming administration’s position on climate change, American corporations’ significant renewable energy and efficiency goals are essential in America’s ability to meet and beat our domestic climate pledges. Nearly half of America’s Fortune 500 companies have set climate or renewable energy goals. And now we’re seeing the scale of their corporate targets become more aggressive. Thirty-five U.S. companies, including P&G, Walmart, PepsiCo and Hewlett Packard Enterprise have either set or committed to set science-based renewable energy and emissions targets aligned with the path recommended at the international climate talks. And more and more companies are pledging to power their operations with 100 percent renewable energy. There’s another growing trend afoot: U.S. companies are more willing to exert their considerable influence to demand policy change to safeguard prosperity. Two weeks ago, over 700 companies reaffirmed their support for a low-carbon United States and for the historic Paris Climate Agreement. The diversity of companies that signed the statement, in addition to those making ambitious science-based targets and renewable energy commitments, shows businesses backing climate action isn’t just a trend among Silicon Valley tech companies and consumer-facing brands. Some of America’s biggest-name manufacturers and retailers are pushing the envelope. But, with all these companies moving to meet ambitious climate targets, corporate buyers will need greater access to renewable energy from the grid and greater choice in offerings from utility providers. It’s why corporate buyers outlined their priorities for utilities, utility regulators and the renewable energy marketplace in an open statement. Sixty-five companies now support the Corporate Renewable Energy Buyers’ Principles, including PepsiCo and TD Bank that came on board this week. Collectively, these 65 companies are seeking enough renewable energy equivalent to powering 4.4 million American homes. Business investments in a clean-energy future may be driven by the bottom line, but they comprise a critical piece of a larger shift in the world. Sharply declining prices of wind and solar energy have converged with a global scientific consensus on the perils of a warming planet. This convergence is pushing climate action forward with irreversible momentum. Now it’s up to all of us – from corporations to states, cities and civil society – to help accelerate this transformation by demonstrating our vocal and visible support for action and illuminating a clear business case for developing an American economy focused on a low-carbon future: one that is powered by clean and renewable energy sources. If we can do that, we will provide Americans with new jobs and homegrown industries, more secure and healthier communities, and a more stable climate. Image credit: Pixabay Marty Spitzer is World Wildlife Fund’s senior director of climate and renewable energy. Climate & Environment Recent headlines from the 4408 articles in this category: 3p Weekend: In the Trump Era, Uncertainty is the Name of the Game DOE SunShot Initiative Reaches $1 Per Watt Goal Three Years Early What We Lose if We Silence Science TriplePundit has published articles from over 1000 contributors. If you'd like to be a guest author, please get in touch! Follow 3p Contributor @triplepundit Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Register here if you need an account. Our sponsors Media Kit Access Would your company like to join our conversation? We offer branded content, twitter chats, event promotion, custom content channels and more. Learn more. Check out our newsletters More than 30,000 subscribers get our daily and weekly updates. Join them now. Email address Weekly Mailing List Daily Mailing List Submit Ready to comment? Register for an account below Name* First Last Email* Enter Email Confirm Email Create your username* Captcha After submitting this form, you must check your email for your password before logging in. Follow Triple Pundit Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Search terms Search WORK WITH US About 3p Advertise with us Contact us Newsletter Sponsored content policy Write for us Privacy policy Legal Sitemap MEET OUR TEAM Founder: Nick Aster Ed in Chief: Jen Boynton Editor: Mary Mazzoni Social Media: Marissa Rosen Partnerships: Travis Noland TriplePundit is a Certified B Corp. Offsets Provided by ClimateCare. Use our carbon calculator here. TriplePundit's office is at Impact HUB San Francisco. All content © 2009-2017 Triple Pundit Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
South Africa   Madagascar   Malawi   Mali   Mauritius   Morocco   Mozambique   Namibia   Niger   Nigeria   Rwanda   Senegal   Seychelles   Sierra Leone   Somalia   South Africa   South Sudan   Sudan   Swaziland   Tanzania   Togo   Tunisia   Uganda   Zambia   Zimbabwe Africa North Africa West Africa East Africa Central Africa Southern Africa International   Algeria   Angola   Benin   Botswana   Burkina Faso   Burundi   Cameroon   Chad   Cote D'Ivoire   DR Congo   Egypt   Ethiopia   Ghana   Guinea   Kenya   Lesotho   LibyaMarketing & MediaMarketing & MediaMedia All industries Marketing & Media South Africa Marketing & Media Africa International Agriculture, Horticulture & Forestry Automotive Building & Construction CSI & Sustainability Education & Training Energy & Mining Finance & Insurance Healthcare Human Resources & Recruitment IT & Telecommunications Legal Lifestyle & Entertainment Logistics & Transport Manufacturing Property & Real Estate Retail Tourism, Travel & Hospitality Advertising Bizcommunitoon Branding Cinema CRM CSI Design Digital Direct Marketing Education & Training Entrepreneur Month Entrepreneurship Events & Conferencing Exhibitions Focus on Media Magazines Marketing Media Mobile Newspapers Online Media Out of Home PR & Communications Printing Production Promotions Publishing Radio Recruitment Research Retail Sales Social Media Sponsorship TV With or Without Sugar Youth Marketing All Articles Companies Events Galleries Jobs People Advertise Submit Contact Africa All industries Agriculture Automotive Building CSI & Sustainability Education Energy & Mining Finance Healthcare HR ICT Legal Lifestyle Logistics & Transport Manufacturing Marketing & Media Property Retail Tourism Africa North Africa West Africa East Africa Central Africa Southern Africa   Algeria   Angola   Benin   Botswana   Burkina Faso   Burundi   Cameroon   Chad   Cote D'Ivoire   DR Congo   Egypt   Ethiopia   Ghana   Guinea   Kenya   Lesotho   Libya   Madagascar   Malawi   Mali   Mauritius   Morocco   Mozambique   Namibia   Niger   Nigeria   Rwanda   Senegal   Seychelles   Sierra Leone   Somalia   South Africa   South Sudan   Sudan   Swaziland   Tanzania   Togo   Tunisia   Uganda   Zambia   Zimbabwe International Agriculture Automotive Building CSI & Sustainability Education Energy & Mining Finance Healthcare HR ICT Legal Lifestyle Logistics & Transport Manufacturing Marketing & Media Property Retail Tourism All Agriculture Agri Tech Agribusiness Agro-processing Aquaculture Commercial Fishing Commodities & Fairtrade Fertilisers & GMOs Food Security Forestry Horticulture Sustainability Trends All Automotive Maintenance & Safety Manufacturing & Parts Motorcycles Motoring Reviews Motorsport Petrochemical Retail & Rental Trends All Building Architecture & Design Building Materials & Equipment Construction & Engineering Property Development Smart Buildings & Cities Sustainable Development Trends Utilities All CSI & Sustainability Circular Economy Climate Change Education & Training Environment & Natural Resources Food, Water & Energy Security Health & Welfare Inclusion & Equality Infrastructure and Technology Pollution & Waste Management Sustainability Month Trends All Education Distance Learning E-learning Higher Education Primary & Secondary Education Skills Training Trends All Energy & Mining Energy Markets & Investment Mining Nuclear Power Renewables & Energy Efficiency Science & Engineering Trends All Finance Accounting & Auditing Banking Budget Speech Education & Training Financial Services Fintech Insurance & Actuarial Markets & Investment Taxation & Regulation Trends Venture Capital All Healthcare Aesthetic Medicine Cardiology Chronic Diseases CSI Dentistry Disease Groups Ear, Nose & Throat Emergency Procedures Ethical Medicines Exercise Science Exhibitions & Events Financial Services Food Crisis Gastroenterology Generic Medicines HIV/AIDS Hospital Groups Infectious Diseases Malaria Medical Aid Medical Research Medical Technology Mental health Neurology NPO Nutrition Obstetrics & Gynaecology Oncology Ophthalmology Orthopaedics Paediatrics Palliative care Pharmaceutical Companies Pharmaceuticals Public Health Sports Science Surgical Equipment & Products Surgical Procedures Trends Tuberculosis Women's Health All HR BizCareers Column Entrepreneurship Jobs & Recruitment Labour Law & Unions Management Skills Development & Training Trends All ICT App and website development Cloud Computing Cyber Security Data Management Hardware Internet Network Services Software Tech Startups Technology Telecommunications Trends All Legal Competition Law Corporate & Commercial Law Criminal Law Cyber Law Environmental Law Immigration & Citizenship Law Labour Law Land & Property Law Law of Succession Law Practice Legislation Media & Entertainment Law Medical Law Public Liability Tax Law Trends All Lifestyle Art Events Fashion Food & Wine Movies Music Sport Theatre Travel Trends Wellness Win All Logistics & Transport Aviation Cargo & Storage Distribution Fleet Management Public Transport Railway Shipping Supply Chain Transport Trends Warehousing All Manufacturing Industrial automation Machinery Manufacturing Trends All Marketing & Media Advertising Bizcommunitoon Branding Cinema CRM CSI Design Digital Direct Marketing Education Entrepreneur Month Entrepreneurship Events & Conferencing Exhibitions Focus on Media Magazines Marketing Media Mobile Newspapers Online Media OOH PR & Communications Printing Production Promotions Publishing Radio Recruitment Research Retail Sales Social Media Sponsorship TV With or Without Sugar Youth Marketing In the news Enquire about a company press office All Property Commercial Property Industrial Property Market & Investments Property Management Rental Residential Trends All Retail Banking & Finance Branding CGF Global Summit Cold Chain Commercial Property CRM CSI E-commerce eCommerce Awards Exhibitions & Events Fashion, Clothing & Textiles FMCG Franchising Green Sustainability Health & Safety Hospitality Import/Export In-store Media Informal Retailing Manufacturing Merchandising Packaging Refrigeration Regulatory Research Retail Marketing Retail Services Retail Trends Retailers Sales Security Shopfitting Supply Chain Technology Training Trends All Tourism Accommodation Air Travel Catering Food Services Hospitality Restaurant Supply Tourism Tours Travel Trends Media News Menu News MyBiz Press offices Jobs Events Contributors People directory Companies Multimedia News My Biz Press offices Jobs Events Contributors People Companies Multimedia News Company news In briefs New appointments New business Newsletter archive Most read articles Submit news My newsfeed My profile Edit my profile My CV My favourites My portfolio/showcase My followers Following people Press office news Press offices Press office listings Press office info My press office Open a Biz Press Office Jobs offered Jobs wanted My saved jobs My CV Recruiters Companies recruiting Submit a job advert Recruitment login Submit a job Industry events Workshops Other Calendar Submit event Articles Contributors A-Z Contribute Find people People you may know Invite people Edit my profile Company listings Associations My company Press office companies Get a company listing Video Audio Galleries Images Submit your media News Company news In briefs New appointments New business Latest newsletter Most read Subscribe to industry newsletters BizTrends 2017 #BizTrends2017: Rediscovering the art of storytelling in the connected ageTom Manners #BizTrends2017: The gamechangers for digital marketersPilira Mwambala #BizTrends2017: Stop driving customers away with poor marketing automationNick Orton #BizTrends2017: The Big Rethink - Seismic trends in marketingShireen Jaftha More trends... Top stories National Film and Video Foundation announces changes to the SAFTAsJessica Tennant #BizTrends2017: Rediscovering the art of storytelling in the connected ageTom Manners #BizTrends2017: The gamechangers for digital marketersPilira Mwambala #LoeriesRankings with… M-NetLeigh Andrews How is fake news driving South Africa's political agendas? Creative Circle Awards: October/November/December winners New printing deal set to lift Media24 Midas Awards for the World's Best Financial Advertising announced ROAR Organiser and Exhibitor Awards winners #TRENDING: Social media resistance and ‘alternative' factsLouise Marsland #BizTrends2017: People-powering the digitalisation processLauren Hartzenberg Umuzi to share its creativity with Cape TownPasqua Heard Why brands can dive deeper into augmented reality in 2017Etienne de Villiers Cartoon Network launches app Who will be crowned South Africa's Best Managed Company? Sunday papers enjoy high readership SA's young creatives participate in Nike's Sock Dart Creative Hub Newly launched Warc Awards seek next-generation marketing effectiveness Twitter adds 'explore' to make finding tweets easier Facebook's new Privacy Basics features improved functionalityMore Top stories news...  Submit news Bizcommunity has over 400 industry contributors and we always welcome further contributions and contributors. Submit news Driving Oomph! Media Group into 2017 with new executive appointment 11 Jan 2017 | Save | Email | Print |  PDF    Issued by: Oomph! Africa In the fast-paced world of experiential marketing it is essential to employ the finest and most talented individuals. The Oomph! Media Group is certainly no stranger to attracting and retaining some of the finest expertise Africa and the global market can offer. It is with great pleasure that Oomph! welcomes Justin Howard to their ranks in the capacity of Director: Strategy. Justin was admitted to the Charted Marketers Board CM (SA & USA) and holds numerous business, legal and marketing qualifications. Justin believes that the foundation of great marketing is innovative and deliberate strategy. His twenty-plus years’ experience across a number of blue-chip companies and brands, including Barclay’s Africa (ABSA), The Coca-Cola Company, Dangote, Dimension Data, Edcon, Famous Brands, FIFA, Microsoft, Tiger Brands, MTN, NBA, Heineken, Unilever, Nigerian Breweries, Pick n Pay, Proctor and Gamble, SAB Miller, SAP and Standard Bank, certainly attests to his broad knowledge and developed skill set. Howard believes that while leadership is often singular, success is generated by team effort and the right team mix is the key to obtaining results. Justin spent over ten years as part of the team developing EXP in Africa from a grassroots marketing company in South Africa to a multinational operating in more than fifteen countries. Certainly, he is one of the most travelled marketers of his generation, having completed more than 300 trips to 44 African countries, including a record 242 days ‘on the road’ in 2013. In addition to living in South Africa, Howard was based in Lagos - Nigeria, Nairobi - Kenya, and Luanda - Angola for extended periods of time. Oomph! founder and Chief Marketing Officer Rory Brien states: “Justin’s wealth of experience and skill set will contribute immensely to the continued growth and development of the Oomph! Media Group both in South Africa and across the continent.” Co-founder and CEO Frikkie Cornelius welcomes Justin to the team, saying, “Justin’s expertise in the fields of retail, financial services, FMCG, marketing, merchandising, television, digital, sponsorship and development provides Oomph! with opportunities to develop and grow our footprint into avenues not previously explored. It is an honour to welcome Justin and we look forward to his most learned contribution to the Oomph! family.” Justin has a passion for people, creativity, process, technology and, above all, building great brands. Justin is a passionate African and believes in Africa’s future. Justin is an avid family man, can certainly hold his own on the golf course, and enjoys cycling as well as assisting team coaches, from the comfort of his arm chair. For more information, go to www.oomph-africa.com, visit www.facebook.com/oomphafrica, or mail moc.acirfa-hpmoo@ofni for more details. ‹    Like Save Email Print PDF Oomph! Africa's press office Driving Oomph! Media Group into 2017 with new executive appointment 11 Jan 2017 Oomph! Media and Nfinity make waves with new partnership 5 Oct 2016 Oomph! Media Group welcomes industry stalwart 14 Apr 2016 Oomph! Africa inspires Nigeria to change outlook on pest control with Bayer Rodilon campaign 18 Feb 2016 Oomph! delivers a successful Fruitree campaign in Mozambique, Zambia and Zimbabwe 10 Feb 2016 Oomph! AfricaOomph! Africa are activation and experiential marketing specialists. We have access to South African and African markets and bring brands to life by creating award-winning experiences. Profile | News | Contact | Twitter | Facebook | RSS Feed Comment on thisComment Comment guidelines and disclaimer LEGAL DISCLAIMER: This Message Board accepts no liability of legal consequences that arise from the Message Boards (e.g. defamation, slander, or other such crimes). All posted messages are the sole property of their respective authors. The maintainer does retain the right to remove any message posts for whatever reasons. People that post messages to this forum are not to libel/slander nor in any other way depict a company, entity, individual(s), or service in a false light; should they do so, the legal consequences are theirs alone. Bizcommunity.com will disclose authors' IP addresses to authorities if compelled to do so by a court of law. Read more: Frikkie Cornelius, Oomph! Africa, Rory Brien, Oomph! Media Group Related National Film and Video Foundation announces changes to the SAFTAs By Jessica Tennant How is fake news driving South Africa's political agendas? ROAR Organiser and Exhibitor Awards winners New printing deal set to lift Media24 News Show more Subscribe Receive free email newsletter Make us your homepage Add us to your favorites RSS feed Get biz on your phone Follow us Invite Tell a friend about us News Articles News by industry Company news Cartoons Events In briefs Galleries Newsletter archive Ornico ad showcase Reviews Trends Community Companies Contributors Portfolio showcases Forums Jobs Jokes Noticeboards People Polls Social media Submit News Company Job ad Op-ed contribution Portfolio showcase New business New appointment Event listing Gallery Noticeboard MyBiz Account Home My company listing My job ads My newsfeed MyBiz CV MyBiz Favourites MyBiz Profile Subscribe to news My newsletters Customise newsletters Advertise Product overview Website Newsletters Press offices Recruitment Special products Download ratecard Contact us Bizcommunity About us Contact us Send us news Our Biz Press Office Follow us Feedback Join us ADSL & Web hosting proudly provided by Afrihost. All rights reserved. © 2017. Bizcommunity.com, its sponsors, contributors and advertisers disclaim all liability for any loss, damage, injury or expense that might arise from the use of, or reliance upon, the services contained herein. Privacy policy, Terms of Use, PAIA.
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Facebook Ads Debut On MailChimp; Google AdWords Might Be Next By George Slefo - 15 minutes ago Array 0 Setting Aside Rivalry, Twitter Signs Up For Instagram By Garett Sloane - 22 minutes ago Array 0 Turning Billboards Into Beer Coolers: Behind Coors Light's New Environmental Push By E.J. Schultz - 1 hour ago Array 0 Arthur Sadoun Succeeds Maurice Levy as Publicis Chairman-CEO By Lindsay Stein - 1 hour ago Array 0 New FTC Chair Has Warned Against Stricter Privacy Rules By Kate Kaye - 1 hour ago Array 0 Arthur Sadoun Succeeds Maurice Levy as Publicis Chairman-CEO By Lindsay Stein - 1 hour ago 0 Walmart Goes Hollywood, Tapping Star Directors for Oscars Campaign By Jack Neff - 4 hours ago 0 Facebook Ads Debut On MailChimp; Google AdWords Might Be Next By George Slefo - 15 minutes ago 0 Taco Bell Trolls Itself in Naked Chicken Chalupa Advertising By Jessica Wohl - 16 hours ago 0 BET Hires IPG Media Team Amid Major Original Content Push By Lindsay Stein - 9 hours ago 0 Problem Solving: How M&Ms Took a Small Insight and Turned It Into a Big Idea By Jessica Wohl - 2 days ago 0 Snickers Plans a Live Commercial During Super Bowl LI By Jessica Wohl - Yesterday 0 Skittles Releases Its Super Bowl Spot By Jessica Wohl - 2 days ago 0 The Demise of the Department Store Experience By Rance Crain - 2 days ago 0 Snapchat Offers to Bill Brands for Ads Based on TV-Style Ratings From Nielsen By Garett Sloane - 2 days ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Ex-LatinWorks President Sergio Alcocer Opens Agency Called Rest of the World By Laurel Wentz. Published on January 26, 2017. Most Popular Sergio Alcocer, one of the best-known U.S. Hispanic creative directors, is launching an agency called Rest of the World, in a return to the ad industry following the end of his non-compete agreement with Omnicom Group. Sergio Alcocer Mr. Alcocer left Omnicom-backed LatinWorks at the end of October 2015 after 16 years at the Hispanic shop where he was president and chief creative officer. "I always wanted to keep doing advertising, and multicultural advertising is what I love," he said. "Rest of the World is a multicultural mission. I want to bring Latin-inspired creative to the mainstream." The agency's logo is a harmonious palette of skin tones, representing America's diversity. Mr. Alcocer describes Rest of the World as "an agency founded in and for the Trump era." "For the next four years companies and brands will need to take a social stance—do you embrace multicultural marketing, or consider it a threat," he said. "I think people will favor brands that embrace their beliefs. I'm planning an agency deeply rooted in today's culture, but acknowledging that today's culture is deeply divided, rather than living in a marketing world that ignores what's happening on the street." Credit: Rest of the World Mr. Alcocer said he is starting the agency in Austin, where he lives and was based with LatinWorks, and that he envisions an office with not more than 10 or 15 people, and a network of collaborators. "I'm in conversations with a couple of more senior people to join me as partners," he said. He is also setting up "strategic alliances" for Rest of the World; two so far are with PR and social media agency Boden in Miami, and a Latin American company called Bitacora Social started by former Procter & Gamble executive Othon Garcia that does deep dive social research for senior decision makers. Mr. Alcocer said he is designing an agency to be competitive in 2017 and work well on a project basis. "Agencies have struggled with technology and social change, and fast-paced clients," he said. "Bureaucracy kills creativity. I want an agency that's very horizontal and flexible, an agency of strategists, planners, and content providers. It will be very collaborative, not just with clients but with agency networks." There has been widespread speculation about what Mr. Alcocer would do next after his enforced sabbatical year. He said he has traveled a lot with his wife, as the year outside the industry coincided with the couple becoming "almost" empty nesters, and continued to work on a PhD in Latino studies he's been pursuing at the University of Texas "to complement my practical experience of marketing to Latinos in the U.S. with an academic framework." During his 16 years at LatinWorks, Mr. Alcocer was behind creative that sweeps award shows, like the long-running Cine Las Americas campaign for a Latin American film festival, and brand-building work for major marketers, and has been a judge twice at the Cannes Lions International Festival of Creativity. Under his creative leadership, LatinWorks was named to Ad Age's Agency A-List of the best U.S. agencies and has been Ad Age's Multicultural Agency of the Year more than once. During his year away from the industry, there were many "Sergio spottings" as industry execs saw him or heard about his travels to Cuba, to South by Southwest, and even a vinyl record store he owns in Mexico City. (Mashable named Discos Mono, with a collection curated personally by Mr. Alcocer, one of 12 unique record stores around the globe). As he starts Rest of the World, Mr. Alcocer said he was inspired by "The New Colossus" poem on the Statue of Liberty's pedestal, which includes the famous lines "Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free." In marketing terms, he sees it as an invitation to the table. "There's a lot of talent that's waiting for the opportunity to shine that's lost in the ranks of general market agencies," he said. "I want Rest of the World to be the place they do the best work of their lives. Strangely I think the next four years will see a boom in multicultural. There's no longer a space in the middle." So far he's been working on a couple small projects, including a campaign to promote U.S. tourism to Mexico's Baja California region and an effort to launch Mexican sports brand Voit in the U.S. soon, and is involved in a few pitches. (The agency's website RestoftheWorld.Agency will go live early next week). "I'm very excited about going back to square one, in every sense," he said. In this article: Agencies Creativity Culture Diversity Hispanic Marketing Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 35 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest What Is the Dow Jones Industrial Average? The Dow is the most recognized stock index in the U.S., but what is it? Post to Facebook What Is the Dow Jones Industrial Average? The Dow is the most recognized stock index in the U.S., but what is it?  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2kteRS6 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs What Is the Dow Jones Industrial Average? The Motley Fool Published 11:45 a.m. ET Jan. 25, 2017 | Updated 8:52 p.m. ET Jan. 25, 2017 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share The Dow Jones industrial average closed above 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. (Jan. 25) AP Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange as the Dow Jones Industrial Average crossed over the 20,000 mark for the first time after at the opening bell. (Photo: Andrew Gombert, EPA) The Dow is the most recognized stock index in the U.S., but what is it? The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA), often referred to as the "Dow Jones" or simply as "the Dow," is a price-weighted average of the stocks of 30 large American publicly traded companies. Created by Charles Dow in 1896, it is the most well-known U.S. stock index and is used to gauge the market's performance from day to day. What is a price-weighted index? In a nutshell, a price-weighted index means that higher-priced stocks have more influence over the index's performance than lower-priced ones. Consider a fictional index made up of just three stocks, with share prices of $10, $30, and $60. Since the highest-priced stock makes up 60% of the total combined value of the three, a 10% gain in that stock's price would raise the index by 6%. In contrast, a 10% gain in the lowest-priced stock would only result in a 1% rise in the index. In the case of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, the prices of all 30 stocks in the index are added together and then divided by the "Dow divisor," which changes over time due to stock splits and other events. The divisor is much less than one, which is why the value of the index is greater than the sum of the stock prices. The current "Dow 30" As of the most recent adjustments, which went into effect after the market's close on March 18, 2015, here are the 30 stocks that currently make up the DJIA, listed in alphabetical order. 3M American Express Apple Boeing Caterpillar Chevron Cisco Systems Coca-Cola E I du Pont de Nemours ExxonMobil General Electric Goldman Sachs Home Depot IBM Intel Johnson & Johnson JPMorgan Chase McDonald's Merck Microsoft Nike Pfizer Procter & Gamble Travelers UnitedHealth Group United Technologies Verizon Visa Wal-Mart Walt Disney It's worth noting that these components change frequently. Apple, Goldman Sachs, Nike, and Visa have all been added to the index within the past three years. Also, only one of the Dow's original 12 components (General Electric) from 1896 remains on the index today. Drawbacks of the DJIA Although it's the top number you see when you look at any stock market coverage, there are some shortcomings to the Dow Jones Industrial Average. Most obviously, the Dow Jones only includes 30 stocks. There are more than 5,300 common stocks that trade on the NYSE and Nasdaq, so the Dow 30's performance may not be the best indicator of how the overall market is doing. Also, the price-weighting means that some of the Dow components have much more influence on the index than others. For example, as of this writing, Goldman Sachs trades for about $235 per share, while Pfizer trades for just $31. Therefore a move in Goldman Sachs' share price would have more than four times the effect of a similar (percentagewise) move in Pfizer. For these reasons, the broader and market-cap-weighted S&P 500 is widely accepted as a better indicator of how the stocks of large U.S. corporations are performing. This article is part of The Motley Fool's Knowledge Center, which was created based on the collected wisdom of a fantastic community of investors. We'd love to hear your questions, thoughts, and opinions on the Knowledge Center in general or this page in particular. Your input will help us help the world invest, better! Email us at knowledgecenter@fool.com. Thanks -- and Fool on! The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple, Chevron, Coca-Cola, Johnson and Johnson, Nike, Verizon Communications, Visa, and Walt Disney. The Motley Fool owns shares of ExxonMobil, General Electric, and Microsoft and has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends American Express, Cisco Systems, Home Depot, Intel, Procter and Gamble, and UnitedHealth Group. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. 35 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2kteRS6 NEVER MISS OUT Managing Your Money Master your money with the latest business and investment news, articles and tips from financial experts each Friday. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Managing Your Money NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit Watercooler Like Follow Follow A new Mr. Clean is here to sex you up 2.4k Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? By Brian Koerber2017-01-27 20:42:08 UTC We all know the bald cleaning man, Mr. Clean. But the new and (improved?) Mr. Clean is bringing things to a whole new level of sexy. The 30-second spot slated to air during the third quarter of the Super Bowl features a sexed-up CGI Mr. Clean that will surely make you feel something. Whether that's turned on or creeped out depends entirely on how attractive you find CGI character, or bald old dudes with white eyebrows and one earring that love to clean and shake their ass in the process.  Proctor and Gamble recently announced that the hunt for their real-life Mr. Clean is over, but we can all agree that the CGI version is weird as hell. Postmodern Jukebox is at is again with a big band style Lady Gaga cover If you want to smile, watch B-Rad the baby sloth do his thing Jason Momoa casually throws real axes in front of a live studio audience Missy Elliott channels Jon Snow in her 'I'm Better' music video Topics: Advertising, mr clean, Super Bowl, Watercooler About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
null
Sign In Create Account Sign Out My Account Home Magazine Current Issue Digital Edition eNewsletter Subscribe Archives Columns State of the Industry: Bakery State of the Industry: Snacks Tortilla Trends Bakery of the Year Snack Producer of the Year Case Studies & Advertorials Snack Products New Products Chips Crackers Frozen Snacks/Appetizers Nuts & Trail Mixes Popcorn Popped Snacks Pretzels Puffs/Extruded Snacks Tortilla Chips Bakery Products New Products Bars Breads Breakfast Products Cookies Desserts Pizza Muffins Snack Cakes Sweet Goods Tortillas Ingredients New Ingredients Chocolate Dairy Extruded Flavors & Colors Fruit Functional Grains Inclusions Nutritional Nuts & Seeds Sweeteners Equipment New Equipment Belts & Conveyors Control Systems Depositors, Dividers & Rounders Extruders Fryers Inspection & Detection Laminators & Sheeters Mixers Ovens & Proofers Packaging Slicing, Cutting & Portioning Trends Artisan Baking Better-For-You Clean Label Flavor Trends Food Safety Gluten-free Plant Efficiency Portion Control Sustainability More Blogs Classifieds Events IBIE 2016 Mobile Apps New Technology SFWB Store Slideshows Snack & Bakery Solutions Submit New Products Videos Webinars Buyer's Guide Construction, Sanitation & Maintenance Ingredients Instrumentation, Computers & Controls Packaging Materials & Containers Processing & Packaging Equipment Services, Supplies & Merchandising Shipping & Delivery Vending & Dispensing Get Listed! Take a Tour Contact Advertise Home » New appointments at Crisp Sensation point to global growth Supplier News New appointments at Crisp Sensation point to global growth January 27, 2017 KEYWORDS Crisp Sensations / personnel Reprints No Comments Crumb coating innovator and full service provider Crisp Sensation has announced several key appointments that signal the company’s successful growth and expansion plans for markets around the world.   Kees van Doorn As Crisp Sensation’s R&D director since the beginning, Kees van Doorn has been deeply involved in the development of the company’s unique technology. In his new post as director supply chain, he will shift his attention to the global supply chain and provide support and guidance for the increasing numbers of Crisp Sensation licensees preparing for market launches. Christien van Beusekom  Beusekom will succeed Kees van Doorn as Crisp Sensation’s chief technical officer. She holds a PhD in Pharmacy and has a wealth of R&D experience gained at FrieslandCampina, a major player in global dairy products industry. In her new position, Christien van Beusekom will help foster further technological improvements at Crisp Sensation to meet the requirements of today’s marketplace as well as the company’s licensees. Henk Spoon With vast food industry experience gained in senior management roles at companies including P&G and Findus, Henk Spoon has been appointed as Crisp Sensation’s new chief marketing officer. Henk Spoon’s expertise in marketing and consultancy will provide new consumer insights that will enable Crisp Sensation and its licensees to realise exciting new market opportunities that respond to the needs of consumers around the world. Andries Raven Crisp Sensation’s final new appointment will see Andries Raven become the company’s director of sales for Europe & the Americas. Having previously been CEO of Vleems Food BV, one of Crisp Sensation’s licensees, Andries Raven has first-hand knowledge of the brand’s possibilities. He will now use his extensive commercial and international food industry experience to oversee collaborations with Crisp Sensation licensees across Europe and the Americas.   All appointments are effective as of January 1st, 2017. For more information, please visit http://www.crispsensation.com. Did you enjoy this article? Click here to subscribe to Snack Food & Wholesale Bakery Magazine  Related Articles Crisp Sensation appoints Gerrit Dreise sales director Europe Crisp Sensation appoints US manager Crisp Sensation crumb coatings Bunting Magnetics Co. appoints new CFO Related Products An Integrated Approach to New Food Product Development New Food Product Development: From Concept to Marketplace, Third Edition New Product Launch: 10 Proven Strategies The NEW Launch Plan: 152 Tips, Tactics and Trends from the Most Memorable New Products Related Events Gluten Free: New Opportunities for Growth Food Plant of the Future: Global Food Safety Impact on Facilities GFSI Focus Day South Africa Custom Holography Simplified: Brilliant New Possibilities for Designers, Brands and Printers Related Directories PGP International Bay State Milling Co. MJS Packaging ADM You must login or register in order to post a comment. Report Abusive Comment Thank you for helping us to improve our forums. Is this comment offensive? Please tell us why. 
 Subscribe For Free! Print & Digital Edition Subscriptions eNewsletter Online Registration Subscription Customer Service Mobile App More Videos Products Organic Production and Food Quality: A Down to Earth Analysis Effects of Organic Production on Food Quality is the first comprehensive book on how organic production methods influence the safety and quality of foods, based on an unbiased assessment of the latest scientific findings.  The title is a 'must-have' for everyone working within the food industry. See More Products Snack Food & Wholesale Bakery Magazine 2017 January January's Snack Food & Wholesale Bakery publication features our cover report "Clean-label products take top honors for 2016" plus much more! View More Subscribe More Associations Custom Content & Marketing Solutions Digital Literature Food | Beverage | Packaging Group Market Research Want More? Privacy Policy Copyright ©2017. All Rights Reserved BNP Media. Design, CMS, Hosting & Web Development :: ePublishing
The Financial Express | Financial Online Newspaper Today's FE Dhaka,  Sat,  28 January 2017 Home Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock National World Editorial Op-Ed Sci-tech Education Sports Health Entertainment Economy National Economy Global Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock Global Stock Bangladesh National Politics Country Crime World America Asia Europe Africa Editorial Op-Ed Views Columns Opinion Reviews Analysis LETTERS Sci-tech Technology Science Environment More Education Sports Health Entertainment Miscellaneous E-PAPER 1JANATAMF 8.20   -0.10 -1.20%   1STPRIMFMF 14.30   -0.30 -2.05%   AAMRATECH 33.30   -2.20 -6.20%   ABB1STMF 7.60   -0.20 -2.56%   ABBANK 24.40   -0.70 -2.79%   ACI   38.90   ACIFORMULA 180.50   10.40 6.11%   ACMELAB 114.10   4.10 3.73%   ACTIVEFINE 44.60   0.40 0.90%   AFCAGRO 49.80   -0.40 -0.80%   AFTABAUTO 67.10   -0.10 -0.15%   AGNISYSL 23.00   -0.50 -2.13%   AGRANINS 24.80   -0.50 -1.98%   AIBL1STIMF 8.70   -0.20 -2.25%   AL-HAJTEX 90.90   0.70 0.78%   ALARABANK 19.60   -0.50 -2.49%   ALLTEX 13.30   0.10 0.76%   AMANFEED 74.50   1.80 2.48%   AMBEEPHA 395.50   4.50 1.15%   AMCL(PRAN) 225.00   3.40 1.53%   ANLIMAYARN 29.70   0.10 0.34%   ANWARGALV 72.60   1.10 1.54%   APEXFOODS 140.40   2.50 1.81%   APEXFOOT 353.30   1.30 0.37%   APEXSPINN 113.60   1.00 0.89%   APEXTANRY 152.40   2.10 1.40%   APOLOISPAT 22.20   0.00 0.00%   ARAMIT 369.30   -0.60 -0.16%   ARAMITCEM 42.50   0.30 0.71%   ARGONDENIM 33.20   -1.20 -3.49%   ASIAINS 23.00   -0.40 -1.71%   ASIAPACINS 22.40   -0.70 -3.03%   ATCSLGF 10.80   0.10 0.93%   ATLASBANG 130.80   -0.40 -0.30%   AZIZPIPES 72.20   -0.90 -1.23%   BANGAS 124.00   -1.30 -1.04%   BANKASIA 20.10   -0.20 -0.99%   BARKAPOWER 44.10   -0.10 -0.23%   BATASHOE 1145.50   2.20 0.19%   BATBC   -7.60   BAYLEASING 28.60   -0.30 -1.04%   BBS   0.30   BDAUTOCA 86.00   -1.80 -2.05%   BDCOM   -0.10   BDFINANCE 17.90   0.10 0.56%   BDLAMPS 176.70   3.10 1.79%   BDTHAI 27.70   -0.50 -1.77%   BDWELDING 11.90   -0.40 -3.25%   BEACHHATCH 11.50   -0.10 -0.86%   BEACONPHAR 24.80   1.70 7.36%   BENGALWTL 44.90   -0.30 -0.66%   BERGERPBL 2349.00   51.20 2.23%   BEXIMCO 34.10   -0.50 -1.45%   BGIC   -0.30   BIFC   -0.10   BNICL   -0.80   BRACBANK 67.00   -2.00 -2.90%   BSC   30.10   BSCCL   -0.20   BSRMLTD 144.90   5.40 3.87%   BSRMSTEEL 102.00   2.40 2.41%   BXPHARMA 92.60   4.70 5.35%   BXSYNTH 9.30   0.20 2.20%   CAPMBDBLMF 10.40   -0.20 -1.89%   CENTRALINS 23.90   -0.50 -2.05%   CENTRALPHL 27.20   0.90 3.42%   CITYBANK 34.80   -1.60 -4.40%   CITYGENINS 19.50   -1.30 -6.25%   CMCKAMAL 24.10   -0.80 -3.21%   CNATEX 11.70   -0.40 -3.31%   CONFIDCEM 135.00   2.40 1.81%   CONTININS 22.90   -0.90 -3.78%   CVOPRL 173.30   15.70 9.96%   DACCADYE 8.80   0.20 2.33%   DAFODILCOM 39.80   0.60 1.53%   DBH   0.20   DBH1STMF 8.30   -0.10 -1.19%   DELTALIFE 118.20   -1.30 -1.09%   DELTASPINN 11.30   0.00 0.00%   DESCO   -0.40   DESHBANDHU 12.90   0.10 0.78%   DHAKABANK 21.10   -0.40 -1.86%   DHAKAINS 26.30   -0.80 -2.95%   DOREENPWR 103.60   -1.30 -1.24%   DSHGARME 333.50   -3.40 -1.01%   DSSL   0.50   DULAMIACOT 9.90   0.80 8.79%   DUTCHBANGL 118.80   -0.60 -0.50%   EASTERNINS 35.00   -0.90 -2.51%   EASTLAND 26.00   -0.20 -0.76%   EASTRNLUB 1125.00   24.30 2.21%   EBL   0.90   EBL1STMF 8.00   -0.10 -1.23%   EBLNRBMF 8.00   -0.10 -1.23%   ECABLES 142.60   0.50 0.35%   EHL   0.20   EMERALDOIL 33.00   0.40 1.23%   ENVOYTEX 40.70   -0.40 -0.97%   ETL   -0.50   EXIM1STMF 8.60   0.00 0.00%   EXIMBANK 15.60   0.10 0.65%   FAMILYTEX 10.10   -0.10 -0.98%   FARCHEM 25.20   0.20 0.80%   FAREASTFIN 14.10   -0.30 -2.08%   FAREASTLIF 80.00   -0.40 -0.50%   FASFIN 14.50   -0.20 -1.36%   FBFIF   -0.30   FEDERALINS 15.30   -0.50 -3.16%   FEKDIL 32.00   -1.00 -3.03%   FINEFOODS 26.00   1.00 4.00%   FIRSTFIN 10.60   -0.10 -0.93%   FIRSTSBANK 15.90   0.00 0.00%   FORTUNE 53.80   -1.40 -2.54%   FUWANGCER 19.70   -0.40 -1.99%   FUWANGFOOD 15.10   -0.20 -1.31%   GBBPOWER 22.40   -0.50 -2.18%   GEMINISEA 720.30   -1.00 -0.14%   GENNEXT 10.50   -0.30 -2.78%   GHAIL   0.10   GHCL   0.10   GLAXOSMITH 1582.80   27.60 1.77%   GLOBALINS 21.90   -0.10 -0.45%   GOLDENSON 21.20   -0.50 -2.30%   GP   2.40   GPHISPAT 40.90   0.70 1.74%   GQBALLPEN 82.90   1.50 1.84%   GRAMEENS2 14.50   -0.20 -1.36%   GREENDELMF 8.30   0.00 0.00%   GREENDELT 61.20   -0.60 -0.97%   GSPFINANCE 26.70   -0.10 -0.37%   HAKKANIPUL 46.20   -1.90 -3.95%   HEIDELBCEM 556.00   -2.00 -0.36%   HFL   -0.50   HRTEX   -0.60   HWAWELLTEX 37.80   -0.20 -0.53%   IBBLPBOND 988.00   -4.00 -0.40%   IBNSINA 271.70   21.80 8.72%   ICB   15.50   ICB1STNRB 24.90   0.60 2.47%   ICB2NDNRB 10.80   0.20 1.89%   ICB3RDNRB 7.70   -0.20 -2.53%   ICBAMCL2ND 9.50   0.10 1.06%   ICBEPMF1S1 7.90   0.00 0.00%   ICBIBANK 6.20   -0.10 -1.59%   ICBSONALI1 8.00   -0.30 -3.61%   IDLC   -2.10   IFADAUTOS 117.00   -4.50 -3.70%   IFIC   -0.40   IFIC1STMF 7.40   -0.30 -3.90%   IFILISLMF1 8.40   0.00 0.00%   ILFSL   -0.40   IMAMBUTTON 15.50   -0.90 -5.49%   INTECH 14.20   -0.50 -3.40%   IPDC   0.30   ISLAMIBANK 47.50   0.60 1.28%   ISLAMICFIN 21.60   0.10 0.47%   ISLAMIINS 23.30   -1.10 -4.51%   ISNLTD 14.70   -0.20 -1.34%   ITC   -0.10   JAMUNABANK 18.80   0.00 0.00%   JAMUNAOIL 217.50   5.10 2.40%   JANATAINS 16.20   0.00 0.00%   JMISMDL 181.90   6.90 3.94%   JUTESPINN 59.00   0.30 0.51%   KARNAPHULI 18.30   -0.70 -3.68%   KAY&QUE 42.80   2.00 4.90%   KBPPWBIL 21.70   0.10 0.46%   KDSALTD 77.80   -2.90 -3.59%   KEYACOSMET 15.20   -0.30 -1.94%   KOHINOOR 389.70   9.00 2.36%   KPCL   -0.20   KPPL   0.10   LAFSURCEML 84.10   -0.80 -0.94%   LANKABAFIN 52.00   0.60 1.17%   LEGACYFOOT 22.50   0.70 3.21%   LIBRAINFU 460.00   -2.40 -0.52%   LINDEBD 1293.50   -5.60 -0.43%   LRGLOBMF1 7.80   -0.10 -1.27%   MAKSONSPIN 9.40   0.00 0.00%   MALEKSPIN 20.20   0.00 0.00%   MARICO 1055.00   8.90 0.85%   MATINSPINN 38.00   -1.10 -2.81%   MBL1STMF 8.30   0.10 1.22%   MEGCONMILK 10.00   0.10 1.01%   MEGHNACEM 110.50   -1.60 -1.43%   MEGHNALIFE 66.00   -2.00 -2.94%   MEGHNAPET 10.10   0.40 4.12%   MERCANBANK 18.30   -0.60 -3.17%   MERCINS 21.00   -0.10 -0.47%   METROSPIN 8.40   0.00 0.00%   MHSML   -0.90   MICEMENT 86.00   -0.10 -0.12%   MIDASFIN 26.20   0.00 0.00%   MIRACLEIND 53.40   1.00 1.91%   MITHUNKNIT 55.00   -0.90 -1.61%   MJLBD   1.10   MODERNDYE 171.00   0.70 0.41%   MONNOCERA 41.00   -0.60 -1.44%   MONNOSTAF 509.90   -10.30 -1.98%   MPETROLEUM 198.20   3.70 1.90%   MTB   -1.00   NATLIFEINS 186.80   0.00 0.00%   NAVANACNG 69.90   -0.70 -0.99%   NBL   -0.20   NCCBANK 14.90   -0.40 -2.61%   NCCBLMF1 8.50   -0.30 -3.41%   NFML   -0.70   NHFIL   -0.40   NITOLINS 28.30   -0.50 -1.74%   NLI1STMF 13.70   0.00 0.00%   NORTHERN 265.20   4.10 1.57%   NORTHRNINS 26.80   -1.10 -3.94%   NPOLYMAR 91.20   0.20 0.22%   NTC   32.50   NTLTUBES 116.20   -0.10 -0.09%   OAL   -0.50   OLYMPIC 311.70   1.70 0.55%   ONEBANKLTD 20.60   -0.10 -0.48%   ORIONINFU 59.00   -0.90 -1.50%   ORIONPHARM 50.00   0.80 1.63%   PADMALIFE 32.50   -1.20 -3.56%   PADMAOIL 233.20   12.50 5.66%   PARAMOUNT 19.60   -0.60 -2.97%   PENINSULA 31.70   0.60 1.93%   PEOPLESINS 23.40   0.20 0.86%   PF1STMF 7.90   -0.10 -1.25%   PHARMAID 260.30   7.80 3.09%   PHENIXINS 32.80   0.00 0.00%   PHOENIXFIN 34.00   1.30 3.98%   PHPMF1 7.40   -0.20 -2.63%   PIONEERINS 36.00   -0.90 -2.44%   PLFSL   -0.10   POPULAR1MF 7.50   -0.20 -2.60%   POPULARLIF 85.60   -0.10 -0.12%   POWERGRID 55.70   -1.30 -2.28%   PRAGATIINS 35.20   -0.50 -1.40%   PRAGATILIF 102.00   -1.80 -1.73%   PREMIERBAN 13.50   0.10 0.75%   PREMIERCEM 91.00   -0.90 -0.98%   PREMIERLEA 13.50   -0.70 -4.93%   PRIME1ICBA 7.70   -0.20 -2.53%   PRIMEBANK 20.80   -0.30 -1.42%   PRIMEFIN 12.50   0.40 3.31%   PRIMEINSUR 22.00   -0.40 -1.79%   PRIMELIFE 64.40   0.10 0.16%   PRIMETEX 28.60   -0.50 -1.72%   PROGRESLIF 58.70   -2.10 -3.45%   PROVATIINS 19.70   -1.10 -5.29%   PTL   -0.50   PUBALIBANK 28.20   -1.00 -3.42%   PURABIGEN 19.50   -0.80 -3.94%   QSMDRYCELL 97.00   0.10 0.10%   RAHIMAFOOD 116.20   -3.30 -2.76%   RAHIMTEXT 243.00   1.50 0.62%   RAKCERAMIC 68.60   1.80 2.69%   RANFOUNDRY 125.00   4.80 3.99%   RDFOOD 17.80   0.20 1.14%   RECKITTBEN 1520.00   3.50 0.23%   REGENTTEX 18.20   -0.40 -2.15%   RELIANCE1 10.60   -0.50 -4.50%   RELIANCINS 54.90   -0.80 -1.44%   RENATA 1105.00   -3.60 -0.32%   RENWICKJA 599.10   6.40 1.08%   REPUBLIC 25.80   -0.80 -3.01%   RNSPIN 29.00   0.80 2.84%   RSRMSTEEL 78.00   5.10 7.00%   RUPALIBANK 32.30   0.20 0.62%   RUPALIINS 22.50   -1.60 -6.64%   RUPALILIFE 46.30   -0.20 -0.43%   SAFKOSPINN 14.30   -0.40 -2.72%   SAIFPOWER 69.80   5.70 8.89%   SAIHAMCOT 17.50   -0.70 -3.85%   SAIHAMTEX 19.60   -0.10 -0.51%   SALAMCRST 38.40   -1.00 -2.54%   SALVOCHEM 17.40   0.00 0.00%   SAMATALETH 28.70   1.30 4.74%   SAMORITA 82.10   0.30 0.37%   SANDHANINS 40.00   0.50 1.27%   SAPORTL 46.00   -0.30 -0.65%   SAVAREFR 65.10   -4.90 -7.00%   SEBL1STMF 12.70   0.10 0.79%   SEMLLECMF 9.70   -0.10 -1.02%   SHAHJABANK 16.40   -0.40 -2.38%   SHASHADNIM 76.80   -1.10 -1.41%   SHURWID 11.80   0.30 2.61%   SHYAMPSUG 22.60   0.90 4.15%   SIBL   0.80   SIMTEX 27.10   -0.30 -1.09%   SINGERBD 205.00   2.20 1.08%   SINOBANGLA 28.60   -0.30 -1.04%   SONALIANSH 200.80   2.20 1.11%   SONARBAINS 19.90   -0.80 -3.86%   SONARGAON 12.50   0.80 6.84%   SOUTHEASTB 22.80   0.00 0.00%   SPCERAMICS 12.70   -0.10 -0.78%   SPCL   1.80   SQUARETEXT 71.60   -0.20 -0.28%   SQURPHARMA 260.80   -0.40 -0.15%   STANCERAM 53.00   1.20 2.32%   STANDARINS 18.80   -1.40 -6.93%   STANDBANKL 14.50   -0.10 -0.68%   STYLECRAFT 1350.00   49.10 3.77%   SUMITPOWER 43.10   -1.50 -3.36%   SUNLIFEINS 24.00   -0.10 -0.41%   TAKAFULINS 21.60   -0.70 -3.14%   TALLUSPIN 11.20   0.00 0.00%   TITASGAS 52.40   0.20 0.38%   TOSRIFA 21.70   -0.60 -2.69%   TRUSTB1MF 7.70   -0.10 -1.28%   TRUSTBANK 26.10   -0.70 -2.61%   TUNGHAI 14.30   -0.40 -2.72%   UCB   -0.50   UNIONCAP 25.00   -0.40 -1.57%   UNIQUEHRL 57.20   -1.30 -2.22%   UNITEDAIR 7.10   0.30 4.41%   UNITEDFIN 26.50   0.50 1.92%   UNITEDINS 33.60   -0.10 -0.30%   UPGDCL 153.50   3.20 2.13%   USMANIAGL 88.00   -0.40 -0.45%   UTTARABANK 28.60   0.10 0.35%   UTTARAFIN 71.00   -1.70 -2.34%   VAMLBDMF1 9.50   0.20 2.15%   VAMLRBBF 9.40   -0.10 -1.05%   WATACHEM 174.00   5.60 3.33%   WMSHIPYARD 33.00   -0.40 -1.20%   YPL   -0.60   ZAHEENSPIN 23.00   -0.40 -1.71%   ZAHINTEX 22.30   -0.50 -2.19%   ZEALBANGLA 30.50   -2.30 -7.01%   Latest News RUET students go on strike over new credit system Ensure transparency in financial institutions: President Investors in India brace for less friendly budget Don’t interfere in EC: Quader to foreigners Power connection to businesses in 28 days Eyebrow-raising Student killed in school compound Border tax could favour Gulf oil Robbers loot valuables from house  Two fire victims die at CMCH Actor John Hurt dies at 77 TIME - 03:36 pm National Ensure transparency in financial institutions: President Economy Investors in India brace for less friendly budget World Trump suspends refugee program Stock US stocks edge lower Power connection to businesses in 28 days TOP NEWS Eyebrow-raising Border tax could favour Gulf oil Student killed in school compound Two fire victims die at CMCH SOEs' debt to govt piles up Don’t interfere in EC: Quader to foreigners NBR to make available ECRs to businesses at cost price Barapukuria coalmine MD stand-released Hawkers take to 'mechanical tricks' to dodge eviction drives ‘Keep pry level up to class V revising education policy’ RUET students go on strike over new credit system January 28, 2017, 3:31 pm Students of Rajshahi University of Engineering and Technology (RUET) went on an indefinite strike on Saturday demanding cancellation of newly adopted examination system. The students of 2013-14, 2014-15 and 2015-16 sessions observed a sit-in programme in front of Shaheed Minar on Read more Robbers loot valuables from house  January 28, 2017, 12:39 pm Robbers looted valuables including cash and gold from a house at Mandalpara in Saturia upazila of Manikganj district on Saturday. Golam Mostafa, assistant sub-inspector of Saturia Police Station, said a gang of robbers numbering 10-12 swooped on the house of grocery Read more Economy US GDP growth slows to 1.9pc in Q4 US economic growth slowed sharply in the fourth quarter, the Commerce Department said Friday. The economy grew at a 3.5 per cent annual rate in the third quarter. The Gross Domestic Japan core consumer prices fall in Dec January 27, 2017, 10:52 am Remittance $701.62m in first 20 days of 2017 January 27, 2017, 6:29 pm B'desh hosts Asia Pacific Business Forum Feb 08-09 January 27, 2017, 12:18 am Probe into Yunus' tax benefits January 26, 2017, 3:25 pm India still plans expansive budget January 26, 2017, 1:53 pm Finance Move to inject Tk 8.0b into microcredit sector The Microcredit Regulatory Authority (MRA) has taken a move to inject around Tk 8 billion in cash into the country's microcredit sector. It took the move to inject the money by cutting microfinance institutions' (MFIs) deposit funds from 15 per cent Tax-evading import up to 15pc BIDA’s act to woo investors awaits parliament approval NBR nets addl Tk 10b revenue Budget review body meeting today Editorial Manpower shortage at state-run BRTC The focus directed on one of the afflictions besetting the Manpower shortage at state-run BRTC The focus directed on one of the afflictions besetting the Op-Ed Job-stealing robots -- a growing concern Over the last decade open markets and global trade have Job-stealing robots -- a growing concern Over the last decade open markets and global trade have Change is a constant; why not unpredictability? Spinning a top on the palm mirrors the green field Change is a constant; why not unpredictability? Spinning a top on the palm mirrors the green field Need for re-imagining regional cooperation Comprised of Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan, India, the Maldives, Nepal, Pakistan, Need for re-imagining regional cooperation Comprised of Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan, India, the Maldives, Nepal, Pakistan, Stock Stocks end higher for 13 straight weeks Stocks finished higher for the 13 consecutive weeks that ended on Thursday as investors continued their buying spree on large-cap Asian shares drift mostly higher US stocks end flat Stocks end flat after bumpy ride Stocks flatten as investors' participation thins out NZ shares end at three-month high Nikkei surges to two-week high SE Asian stocks steady in thin trading Asian shares advance National RAB nab two Huji suspects  Rapid Action Battalion (RAB) personnel nabbed two suspected members of Harkat-ul-Jihad Bangladesh (Huji) from Karpashdanga village in Damurhuda upazila of Chuadanga district on Saturday. The arrestees were identified as Abdullah Al Mamun and Rakibul Islam, according to UNB report. Major Monir Ahmmed, company commander of Jhenidah RAB-6, said acting on a tip-off, the elite force conducted a raid at the village in Man killed by ‘wife’ in Laxmipur Search committee meets today BD moves two notches up in democracy index PM visits Tungipara on rickshaw van EC search panel controversial: BNP Road crash kills two; injures 25 Schoolgirl found dead in home Eight suffer burns in oil tanker blast Trade and Market Mexico border tax would hit US agricultural imports  The 20 per cent tax on imports floated by the Trump administration would affect a wide range of agricultural goods. Mexico exported $21 billion of food and drink north of the border in 2015, according to data from the US Department of Agriculture. •    Fresh vegetables -- The US imported from Mexico $4.84 billion of tomatoes, onions, chili peppers and other Wrapping-up rush at DITF Seven BD entities win SAFA awards Tofail asks India to lift anti-dumping taxes, trade barriers  Syria's million-tonne Russian wheat pact in jeopardy EU imposes steel anti-dumping duty on China, Taiwan Casino Moguls eye Japan Tata Steel's UK pensions trustee warns deficit to surge Alibaba buys MoneyGram for $880m World Wall destroys lives, says Berlin mayor Berlin Mayor Michael Mueller has urged US President Donald Trump "not to go down the road of isolation" with his planned border wall with Mexico. Mr Mueller warned such divides cause "slavery and pain" and would "destroy the lives of millions". The German city was divided by the Berlin Wall from 1961 to 1989. Mr Mueller's statement came as Mr Trump and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto agreed to "work out their differences" over the issue. The planned wall was one of Mr Trump's ... May in White House for talks with Trump  Trump favours nuclear option if SC pick gets blocked Al-Shabab claims to have killed dozens of Kenyan troops Sci-tech Alphabet sees strong revenue rise Google parent Alphabet Inc posted fourth-quarter profit below analysts' estimates on Thursday, hurt by a higher tax rate, but analysts cheered the company's progress in diversifying its business beyond advertising. While advertising still accounts for the lion's share of Google's revenue, rising 17.4 per cent to $22.4 billion in the quarter, Alphabet Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat underscored that the company is broadening its business - pointing to growth in hardware, app sales and the cloud business, reports Reuters. The company's other ... India plans to re-measure Mount Everest Light to moderate fog likely Faulty batteries caused Note 7 fiasco: Samsung Education DU faculty members, officials can fly with Emirates on discounted fares Emirates, one of the leading airlines in the world, has signed a corporate deal with University of Dhaka, to give No quarter if found responsible for textbook errors: minister 1,100 USTC med students' fate uncertain New role for Momtaz Sports Quasem Cup Golf Tournament begins in Rangpur RANGPUR, Jan 27 (BSS): The three-day "Quasem Cup Golf Tournament-2017" kicked off this morning on the Golf Ground of Rangpur Cantonment here in the city. The Quasem Group of Industries has been sponsoring the tournament being organised by Rangpur Golf Club (RGC), said a press release. More than 100 contestants, including males, females, junior and sub-junior golfers from different golf clubs of the country, have been participating in the gents, ladies, junior and sub-junior groups of the tournament. Rangpur Area Commander, General Officer ... Two sisters add another chapter to tennis’ greatest sibling rivalry today Nadal to meet Federer in another Grand Slam final Man Utd into Cup final despite loss Health BDRCS must ensure quality humanitarian assistances: President President Abdul Hamid Thursday asked the Bangladesh Red Crescent Society (BDRCS) to ensure humanitarian assistances at different times including the natural disasters. "Bangladesh Red Crescent Society plays a very significant role in humanitarian services . . . I hope that the new committee would gear up its activities in the days coming ahead with more effectively," he said.  Hamid said it to the new office-bearers of the BRDCS who called on the President at Bangabhaban. President's Press Secretary Joynal Abedin informed reporters that ... Brazil yellow fever outbreak kills 40 Bangladesh finds two bird flu cases Nasim asks 2 hospitals to form probe bodies over irregularities Entertainment Actor John Hurt dies at 77 The versatile actor Sir John Hurt, who could move audiences to tears in "The Elephant Man," terrify them in "Alien," I am not ready for marriage: Deepika Shia LaBeouf arrested at Anti-Trump protest Scarlett Johansson and husband split  Politics Nat’l committee to stage sit-in on Feb 25 National Committee to Protect Oil-Gas, Mineral Resources and Port-Power announced fresh action programmes, including sit-in on streets, on February 25 across the country as part of their campaign against setting up of Rampal power plant near the Sundarbans. The committee will also stage demonstrations across the country on January 28 in protest against the ‘police action’ on the committee's strike procession at Shahbagh area, reports UNB. Besides, it will hold a rally in Khulna on March 11 to express solidarity with the ... No rattles of weapons on campuses: PM Khaleda sued for ‘defamatory statement’ about Bangabandhu Bangabhaban readies before forming EC search panel Country Heroin worth 2 million seized in Rajshahi Members of Border Guard Bangladesh (BGB) recovered 1kg of heroin worth TK 2.0 million in 'C and B' intersection area of Godagari upazila under Rajshahi on Friday afternoon. According to a press release, a patrol team of BGB led by subedar Rezaul Karim, commander of Godagari border outpost, conducted a drive in the area around 4.30pm and seized heroin in an abandoned condition, reports UNB.  Sensing the presence of the BGB personnel, the drug peddlers fled and none was arrested in this ... Rajshahi police arrests doctor's wife with stolen newborn Road crash kills two; injures 25 Schoolgirl found dead in home PHOTO GALLERY Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina is responding to a question from member of the parliaments in the Jatiya Sangsad on Wednesday. –Focus Bangla Photo Bangladesh Chhatra League (BCL) leaders greet Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina with flowers at a views-exchange meeting at Ganabhaban. –UNB Photo President Abdul Hamid, along with some female officials of Bangladesh Police, poses for photo session at a function on Wednesday at Bangabhaban on the occasion of the Police Week 2017. –Focus Bangla Photo Hundreds of people attend the first namaz-e-janaza of Mirza Ali Behrouze Ispahani, a leading industrial conglomerate of the country after Asr prayer at Gulshan Azad Mosque on Monday. Behrouze Ispahani was the managing director of the International Publications Limited, the owning company of The Financial Express. –FE Photo Hundreds of people attend the first namaz-e-janaza of Mirza Ali Behrouze Ispahani, a leading industrial conglomerate of the country after Asr prayer at Gulshan Azad Mosque on Monday. Behrouze Ispahani was the managing director of the International Publications Limited, the owning company of The Financial Express. –FE Photo more news Search committee meets today January 28, 2017, 12:12 am BD moves two notches up in democracy index January 28, 2017, 12:08 am Seven BD entities win SAFA awards January 27, 2017, 10:40 pm Belgium, France, Netherlands to introduce rail ID checks January 27, 2017, 9:29 pm All Headline News Stock market Final Index Change(Points) Change(%) ISSUES ADVANCED 84 ISSUES DECLINED 161 Most popular SOEs' debt to govt piles up January 28, 2017, 12:15 am Power connection to businesses in 28 days January 28, 2017, 1:55 pm BD moves two notches up in democracy index January 28, 2017, 12:08 am NBR to make available ECRs to businesses at cost price January 28, 2017, 12:14 am Keep pry level up to class V revising education policy January 28, 2017, 12:09 am Barapukuria coalmine MD stand-released January 28, 2017, 12:13 am Top 10 gainers Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG ICB 155.00 170.50 157.00 170.50 10.00 IBNSINA 249.90 271.70 248.20 271.70 8.72 ACI 445.10 484.00 445.40 483.20 8.56 SAIFPOWER 64.10 69.90 64.10 68.90 7.49 PHOENIXFIN 32.70 35.90 32.60 35.10 7.34 RSRMSTEEL 72.90 79.90 71.90 78.20 7.27 ACIFORMULA 170.10 181.00 169.00 179.50 5.53 BSC 561.90 599.00 569.00 592.20 5.39 FINEFOODS 25.00 26.70 24.80 26.30 5.20 PADMAOIL 220.70 234.30 222.10 231.60 4.94 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation IBNSINA 250.00 271.70 248.20 271.70 8.68 SAIFPOWER 64.30 69.90 64.10 69.80 8.55 ICB 157.10 170.50 157.00 170.50 8.53 RSRMSTEEL 72.10 79.90 71.90 78.00 8.18 ACI 448.00 484.00 445.40 484.00 8.04 UNITEDINS 31.80 33.90 31.80 33.60 5.66 ACIFORMULA 171.10 181.00 169.00 180.50 5.49 BXPHARMA 87.90 93.00 87.50 92.60 5.35 PADMAOIL 222.10 234.30 222.10 233.20 5.00 ATCSLGF 10.30 10.80 10.30 10.80 4.85 Top 10 Loser Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG SAVAREFR 70.00 66.00 65.00 65.30 -6.71 STANDARINS 20.20 19.50 18.50 18.90 -6.44 AAMRATECH 35.50 36.00 32.00 33.30 -6.20 KDSALTD 80.70 81.80 74.50 75.90 -5.95 RELIANCE1 11.10 11.20 10.50 10.50 -5.41 RUPALIINS 24.10 24.20 22.50 22.80 -5.39 CITYGENINS 20.80 20.90 19.50 19.80 -4.81 GHAIL 48.60 50.00 46.00 46.30 -4.73 NCCBLMF1 8.80 8.80 8.40 8.40 -4.55 PUBALIBANK 29.20 29.40 27.50 27.90 -4.45 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation ZEALBANGLA 32.80 32.80 30.50 30.50 -7.01 CITYGENINS 20.90 20.90 19.50 19.50 -6.70 RUPALIINS 24.10 24.20 22.50 22.50 -6.64 AAMRATECH 35.60 36.00 32.00 33.30 -6.46 PURABIGEN 20.80 20.80 19.30 19.50 -6.25 PREMIERLEA 14.40 14.60 13.50 13.50 -6.25 REPUBLIC 27.50 27.50 25.70 25.80 -6.18 HAKKANIPUL 49.20 49.20 46.20 46.20 -6.10 RAHIMAFOOD 122.90 122.90 115.20 116.20 -5.45 SAIHAMCOT 18.50 18.50 17.40 17.50 -5.41 Travel Bangladesh Biman Bangladesh Railway Radisson Blu Hotels in Bangladesh Money Exchange rate Currency Sell Purchase USD 78.95 77.94 GBP 118.00 117.96 EUR 83.78 83.75 Chinese Yuan 12.24 12.24 HK Dollar 10.2181 9.8929 Singapore dollar 63.6186 59.877 Saudi Rial 21.1918 20.52 Commodity price Commodity Price Change GOLD 1,270.40 (US $/oz) -0.6% SILVER 20.70 (US $/oz) -1.9% COPPER 7,12 (US$/mt) -0.7% CRUDE OIL 93.20 (USD/bbl.) -1.7% COTTON # 2 78.85 (USc/lb) 0.9% WHEAT (CBOT) 647.25 (USD/bu) -0.1% PALM OIL 823.96 (USD/MTon) 3.4% Soybean Oil 40.84 (USc/lb) 1.4% Sugar #11 17.87 (USc/lb) -0.6% Call money rate Today's Rate Yesterday's Rate 06.15-07.75pc 05.50-08.00pc E-Paper Weather Archive Year 20072008200920102011201220132014201520162017 Month JanuaryFebruaryMarchAprilMayJuneJulyAugustSeptemberOctoberNovemberDecember Day 12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031 GO CATEGORIES Economy Finance Editorial Op-Ed Stock National Trade and Market World ADDRESS Editor : A.H.M Moazzem Hossain Published by the Editor for International Publications Limited from Tropicana Tower (4th floor), 45, Topkhana Road, GPO Box : 2526 Dhaka- 1000 and printed by him from City Publishing House Ltd., 1 RK Mission Road, Dhaka-1000. Telephone : PABX : 9553550 (Hunting), 9513814, 7172017 and 7172012 Fax : 880-2-9567049 Email : editor@thefinancialexpress-bd.com, fexpress68@gmail.com Terms of Service Contact Us Editors' Panel About Editor Web mail Ad price (Print Version) Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved Powered by :
Sections MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Submit Follow Us Follow CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Retail MarTech More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Subscribe Marketing Land Super Bowl LI Here are the advertisers gearing up for game day Hey Alexa... Sales of Amazon Echo skyrocket in Q4, analysts say Subscribe to Marketing Day SUBSCRIBE MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home CMO Zone The latest analyses, insights and strategies that inspire CMOs and marketers everywhere. SUBSCRIBE Opinion: Mr. Clean’s Super Bowl ad may get buzz, but does it cross the ‘creepy’ line? The brand tries to pull off a seductive Mr. Clean, but some viewers may find the iconic character comes off more scary than dreamy. Amy Gesenhues on January 27, 2017 at 9:00 am More After posting a teaser ad earlier this week with “stranger-danger” vibes all over it, Mr. Clean has released its official “Cleaner of Your Dreams” Super Bowl LI spot — and it features Mr. Clean in a whole new light, seductively dancing as he mops floors and scrubs the shower. The brand is obviously using the sex-sells angle to get more buzz. But does the ad make Mr. Clean out to be more of a predator than the cleaner of your dreams? Taking the “not suitable for work” route in a Super Bowl campaign is as new as drinking beer and eating nachos during the game. There has never been a shortage of Super Bowl spots using sex to sell on TV’s biggest night for advertisers. GoDaddy made its name on controversial Super Bowl spots with the likes of race car driver Danica Patrick and Victoria Secrets model Bar Refaeli. In 2015, Carl Jr.’s Super Bowl ad showcased a nearly naked model strolling through the town center, talking about how she loves, “… going all natural,” to sell the fast food restaurant’s all-natural grass-fed beef burgers. Three years ago Nestlé launched its Butterfinger Cups product in a Super Bowl ad oozing with sexual innuendo. Mr. Clean can now add its name to the list of Super Bowl brands that have pushed the envelope, but this campaign feels different from your run-of-the-mill sex-sells advertising effort. The brand’s aim — to create a seductive male who will dance his way into every housewife’s heart (or better, bedroom) — falls short. Instead of being someone women find sexy, Mr. Clean comes across more like someone men think women would find sexy — but, in reality, elicits the very opposite effect. Starting with the way he ogles the woman as she pulls loose her ponytail in the brand’s 10-second teaser ad, Mr. Clean isn’t seductive — he’s the guy you avoid making eye contact with in the grocery store cereal aisle. But then, the brand drives it home in the full spot, as Mr. Clean forcefully bangs down his cleaning supplies in front of the woman, and then eerily stares at her from the other side of the glass shower door. I get it. The ad is supposed to be funny, and sexy, in a “Fifty Shades of Grey” meets Schneider from “One Day at a Time” kind of way. It’s possible that I am in the minority when it comes to females who find this Mr. Clean more icky than enticing — but the not-suitable-for-work vibe the brand is pushing comes across tired to me. In addition to making its iconic Mr. Clean character a creepy, tight-fitting-white-jeans-wearing, Magic Mike reject, what I find most offensive is the turn it takes at the end, when Mr. Clean ends up being a man — presumably the woman’s husband — with an exaggerated “Dad bod” who asks, “… is it clean enough?” The scene is immediately followed by the line, “You gotta love a man who cleans.” Really? In 2017, a man who cleans is so much of a rarity that we’re making him into a sex object? As someone who is most likely dead-center of the demographic Procter & Gamble is aiming to reach — a middle-aged female (in case I didn’t already date myself with the “One Day at a Time” reference), mother of two, wife and professional — I find the campaign bewildering. This Mr. Clean is far from the cleaner of my dreams. He’s a nightmare. I reached out to two other female friends of the same age (and similar 1970s sitcom watching history) as me. The first said she thought the ad was insulting to both women and men. The other called it gross. It was an extremely small pool of like-minded women, but the poll results were the same. What do you think? Is Super Bowl LI’s Mr. Clean someone you want mopping your floors? Or would you lock the front door if you saw him standing on your porch? Tell us if you find him more creepy than sexy — or is it just another funny Super Bowl ad — on Marketing Land’s Facebook page. About The Author Amy Gesenhues Amy Gesenhues is Third Door Media's General Assignment Reporter, covering the latest news and updates for Marketing Land and Search Engine Land. From 2009 to 2012, she was an award-winning syndicated columnist for a number of daily newspapers from New York to Texas. With more than ten years of marketing management experience, she has contributed to a variety of traditional and online publications, including MarketingProfs.com, SoftwareCEO.com, and Sales and Marketing Management Magazine. Read more of Amy's articles. Related Topics Channel: CMO ZoneSuper Bowl Advertising Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. WATCH #SB51 TEASER ADS Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers Data for Retailers The Ultimate App Personalization Playbook I have 50,000+ email subscribers…now what? The Facebook Playbook for Call Conversions Google AdWords and the Conversion Blind Spot See More Whitepapers Webcasts Creative is Complicated: Tips for better brand/agency collaboration 5 Disruptions Reshaping Marketing As We Know It Integrated Marketing Analytics: Creating a single source of data truth See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research Get our daily Marketing Day newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Main Menu Emerging Trends of Baby Sanitary products Market by 2024 27 January 2017Military News The baby sanitary products market across the globe is expected to show a substantial growth with a single digit increase in CAGR from 2013 to 2019. There is a considerable increase in the baby sanitary products market due to growing population and greater disposable income in emerging countries. Baby sanitary products refer to baby hygiene products such as disposable diapers, wipes and night bed mats. Companies are innovating a huge varieties on baby sanitary products; however baby disposable diapers remain the largest segment in terms of demand among other products. The baby sanitary products can be segmented into four major product types as disposable diapers, wipes, pull-ups and others. Others segment include products such as night bed mats, disposable night underpants. The market can also be segmented geographically into North America, APAC, Europe and RoW regions. The key drivers of this market are increasing disposable income in emerging countries and increased birth rate in countries such as Brazil, India, China and Mexico among others. People’s concern about their kid’s hygiene, safety and health is increasing and thus they spend huge amount on their sanitary care in these countries . Some of the restraining factors could be affordability and regulations on manufacturing of such products (licensing among others ). Moreover Other factors such as ill effects on continuous usage of these products on babies also restrain people from using these products. A sample of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/10858 Major distribution channel for baby sanitary products are supermarkets/hypermarkets, departmental stores, medical stores and convenience stores. Advertising and promotions of these products are increasing awareness among large population and all this will result into increased sales in coming years. Request to view table of content @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/10858 Some of the key players in baby sanitary market are Procter & Gamble, Kimberly-Clark, AMD Inc., Johnson & Johnson, Nature Bumz Co. and Unilever. About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: www.persistencemarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. Posted Under Uncategorized Tagged Business, Economy, Finances, Banking & Insurance intelligence major Post navigation Latest News on Global Dental Implants Dental Consumables Sales Market 2017-2021 Forecast Report Global Geothermal Power Market Research Report 2016 Search Search for: Recent Posts Shanghai Disney Resort Marks its First Chinese New Year with Guests from Home and Abroad Travelniq Is Changing the Way People Travel Terror Attack Like Those In Fort Lauderdale Airport Could Be Avoided Ziv’s workout announce extreme heat resistant 932?F BBQ gloves Deep Discounts Available Now on Hearth & Home Products at Wallingford’s Colonial Flooring America Copyright © 2017 Military Technologies. Proudly powered by WordPress. | Theme: Awaken by ThemezHut.
SUBSCRIBE NOWfor home delivery Home News Sports Business Entertainment Food Life Opinion Podcasts Obituaries Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Insider USA Today Media Business Directory USA TODAY NETWORK More Home News Sports Business Entertainment Food Life Opinion Podcasts Obituaries Weather Insider USA Today Media Business Directory USA TODAY NETWORK Social Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Mid-South Memories for Jan. 27 Mid-South Memories for Jan. 27 from The Commercial Appeal Post to Facebook Mid-South Memories for Jan. 27 Mid-South Memories for Jan. 27 from The Commercial Appeal  Check out this story on commercialappeal.com: http://memne.ws/2k9aIGI {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Mid-South Memories for Jan. 27 The Commercial Appeal 8:00 p.m. CT Jan. 26, 2017 Buy Photo January 25, 1983 - Central High students (from left) Marla Harris, Kim Turner, Sema Stagner, Paula Rush, Lori Maynard and Mona Engram are shown during "theme week" on Jan. 25, 1983. That day's theme was "punk rockers." (Photo: Richard Gardner/The Commercial Appeal files)Buy Photo 1 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE 25 years ago: 1992 Portsmouth, N.H. — Bill and Hillary Clinton said Sunday that questions about their marriage and rumors of his infidelity were irrelevant to his ability to be president. In an extraordinary interview with CBS’s 60 Minutes, the Arkansas governor again denied allegations of an affair with Gennifer Flowers that were contained in the supermarket tabloid the Star. With the critical New Hampshire presidential primary three weeks away, the Democratic candidate sought to put to rest lingering questions about whether he had been faithful to his wife of 16 years. 50 years ago: 1967 The well-known Germantown home of Mr. and Mrs. William F. Bowld at 7691 Poplar has been purchased by Vernon L. Kerns of the Hobson-Kerns real estate and insurance company for more than $215,000. The sale included the entire 15.4-acre tract at Poplar and Germantown Roads, an area which has become increasingly commercialized in recent years. The Bowld’s 13-room home was purchased from Mr. and Mrs. Walter L. Cawthon in the early 1940s. Mr. Bowld is a retired executive of Procter & Gamble. 75 years ago: 1942 Washington — Price Administrator Leon Henderson said last night that initial sugar rations may be restricted to no more than three-quarters of a pound a person a week. 100 years ago: 1917 One of the most interesting programs of the Nineteenth Century Club season was given yesterday morning under the auspices of the political economy class of which Mrs. Austin Tindall is the efficient chairman. 125 years ago: 1892 By the way, what about the Cossitt Library? Can’t some gentleman contribute a few almanacs to its shelves for a starter? 1 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://memne.ws/2k9aIGI
Skip to content SAT Press Releases PR Distribution Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on January 27, 2017January 27, 2017 by Press Release Sustainable Brands Community Ignites Discourse Around the ‘Good Life’ Brand leaders will convene at SB’17 Detroit, May 22-25, to launch global initiative designed to enable the next economy SOURCE: Sustainable Brands DESCRIPTION: SAN FRANCISCO, January 25, 2017 /3BL Media/ – The Sustainable Brands® community will launch its largest global initiative to date at SB’17 Detroit, May 22-25, 2017. This marks the beginning of a 3-year journey among global business and brand leaders who are working together to create a new collective and locally relevant vision of what the ‘Good Life’ means for a healthy individual, family, community, city, country and planet. The initiative is designed to build a productive partnership between brands and consumers to help shift the world toward a healthier economy and a sustainably flourishing future. SB’17 Detroit will gather nearly 2,500 brand leaders, sustainability professionals and design innovators as well as the ecosystem of NGO’s, entrepreneurs, service providers and others who must collaborate to drive shift in economic norms.  Participants will convene at the Cobo Center in downtown Detroit, MI to spark a critical and timely conversation about what the Good Life entails and how to translate this into new business opportunity for brands to respond. The event will highlight the ideas and companies who are redefining new global societal aspirations that point toward a sustainable future. More than 300 acclaimed leaders across multiple industries are expected to pose thought provoking questions and provide examples as part of the formal conference program of what really defines a Good Life for humans around the globe today. Presentations and formal structured sessions will serve as a precursor to a new format of facilitated co-creative dialogue that will travel around the world.  It will have the goal of capturing and reporting out consumer insights and ideas for design principles that brands can tap for delivering better product and services offerings to market in the coming decades. Experts and thought leaders include: Daniel Lubetzky, CEO of KIND Snacks will share his perspective about the role of business in building an empathetic society and how his company is helping in this effort. Virginie Helias, Vice President Global Sustainability at P&G will share brand new insight into how P&G is looking to enable positive consumption in pursuit of the good life. Pashon Murray, Co-Founder of Detroit Dirt will demonstrate the opportunity for brands to contribute to the rejuvenation of cities in decline. Nadya Zhexembayeva, CEO of Reinvention Institute will offer perspective on why and how brands need to equip themselves for continuous reinvention in an increasingly dynamic world Leith Sharp, Director, Executive Education for Sustainability Leadership at Harvard University will offer a powerful model for enabling continuous transformational leadership into today’s organizations hindered by 20th century operating models. Ryan Williams, Good Cop at Method will share how Method is reinvigorating one community through local, sustainable manufacturing. Ricardo Caceres, Global Marketing Director for Sustainability at Coca-Cola will speak about embedding sustainability priorities within marketing and brand innovation teams. Nelson Switzer, Chief Sustainability Officer at Nestlé Waters will offer insight into how brands should orient themselves in the political fray post-US election. An integral component of SB’17 Detroit, the SB Activation Hub will encourage collaboration and celebrate purposeful innovation. Facilitated programming and anchor-led pavilions will showcase companies and entrepreneurs delivering innovative brands and business solutions fashioned around Good Food, Good Homes, Good Mobility, Good Packaging, Good Technology, Good Energy and more. Numerous companies and organizations have already joined this effort and have committed to supporting the ‘Redefining the Good Life’ global initiative and its launch at SB’17 Detroit. Lead sponsors include The Dow Chemical Company, BASF and Ford Motor Co. with varying sponsorship levels from Citizen Group, Nestlé, Target, Amazon, UPS, P&G, Whirlpool, Kellogg’s, Savers, GM, Braskem, Shaw Industries, WhiteWave Foods, the Vinyl Institute, NSF International, CVS Health and others. “Designing success in the 21st century begins with ‘Redefining the Good Life’ and imagining how the brand leaders of the future will respond by identifying new product and service offerings that meet evolving societal aspirations,” states KoAnn Vikoren Skrzyniarz, founder of Sustainable Brands. “Sustainable Brands is the preeminent platform for shining a light on the power of purpose to drive brand success. We desperately need the skills and passion of our courageous brand leaders to create a new collective vision of a flourishing future that delivers shared value for all.” Nature Bank is the official carbon offset partner, South Pole Group is the official renewable energy partner and Terracycle is a zero waste partner. Additional partnership support is provided by The Erb Institute at the University of Michigan, Retail Industry Leaders Association (RILA), Effie Worldwide, TerraCycle and others. SB’17 Detroit is scheduled for May 22-25, 2017 at the Cobo Center in Detroit, MI.  Registration is now open. Sponsor and partner opportunities are available for companies with breakthrough ideas, tools and technologies that support business success in sustainability. Further information can be found at www.SB17Detroit.com, by calling 1.415.626.2212 or by emailing connect@sustainablebrands.com. About Sustainable Brands Sustainable Brands® is the premier global community of brand innovators who are shaping the future of commerce worldwide. Since 2006, our mission has been to inspire, engage and equip today’s business and brand leaders to prosper for the near and long term by leading the way to a better future. Digitally published news articles and issues-focused conversation topics, internationally known conferences and regional events, a robust e-learning library and peer-to-peer membership groups all facilitate community learning and engagement throughout the year. Sustainable Brands is hosted by Sustainable Brands Worldwide, a division of Sustainable Life Media headquartered in San Francisco, CA. Tweet me: .@SustainBrands will launch a global conversation on the #goodlife from #SB17Detroit this May: http://bit.ly/2jXDKsq KEYWORDS: Events, Conferences & Webinars, Business & Trade, SB’17 Detroit, Redefining the Good Life, sustainable brands CategoriessatPRnews TagsBit, CEO, CO, Design, Light, Motor, Planet Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Company Helps Make America Trade Again Next PostNext INGREDION TO RELEASE 2016 FOURTH-QUARTER AND FULL-YEAR FINANCIAL RESULTS AND HOLD CONFERENCE CALL AND WEBCAST ON THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 2017 Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts Market Stance of Global Rosin Size Forecasted for the Period of 2016-2021 January 28, 2017 1 USD Buy Launched One Dollar Laptop Along with Many Other Low-Cost Products January 28, 2017 Shanghai Disney Resort Marks its First Chinese New Year with Guests from Home and Abroad January 28, 2017 Travelniq Is Changing the Way People Travel January 28, 2017 Terror Attack Like Those In Fort Lauderdale Airport Could Be Avoided January 28, 2017 Ziv’s workout announce extreme heat resistant 932?F BBQ gloves January 28, 2017 Deep Discounts Available Now on Hearth & Home Products at Wallingford’s Colonial Flooring America January 28, 2017 New Floors from Syracuse Flooring America Transform Any Room Quickly & Efficiently January 28, 2017 Baby Play Mats Get Safer and Adorable with the New Online Store, Bubble and Bee January 28, 2017 Explore New Ways to Upgrade a Home During the Red Carpet Clearance Sale at Noel Maestri’s Flooring America in Covington, LA January 28, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Trending: DONALD TRUMP FIRST 100 DAYS CARMELO ANTHONY MARY TYLER MOORE OSCARS SEAN SPICER Sections Sections Home Home New York NYC Crime Bronx Brooklyn Manhattan Queens Education Weather Obituaries Sports Yankees Mets Giants Jets Knicks Nets Rangers Islanders Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College The Score More Sports News Crime U.S. World Politics Entertainment Gossip Movies TV Music Theater & Arts Crosswords Entertainment Pics Horoscopes Daily Weekly Monthly Lifestyle Health Food Viva Opinion Autos Buyer's Guide Ratings & Reviews News & Views Photos & Galleries Covers Classifieds Trending: DONALD TRUMP FIRST 100 DAYS CARMELO ANTHONY MARY TYLER MOORE OSCARS SEAN SPICER New York Daily News entertainment Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Subscribe Follow UsNewsletter App Subscriptions Subscribe Get Our Newsletter A daily blend of the most need-to-know Daily News stories, delivered right to your inbox. Sign Up Get the latest breaking news, entertainment, sports and more.Download Our App Subscribe to the newspaper, our e-edition, or both.Subscribe Select Sport Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College More Sports Gossip Movies TV Music Theater & Arts Crosswords Entertainment Pics Share This facebook Tweet email SEE IT: Mr. Clean gets seductive in new Super Bowl LI commercial SEE IT: Mr. Clean gets seductive in new Super Bowl LI commercial BY Kate Feldman NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Thursday, January 26, 2017, 7:15 PM facebook Tweet email BY Kate Feldman NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Thursday, January 26, 2017, 7:15 PM Mr. Clean’s Super Bowl commercial is super dirty. The 30-second spot for the household cleaner, which will air during Super Bowl LI, opens with Sarah reluctantly wiping down the kitchen. Mr. Clean arrives with his supplies and the commercial suddenly turns seductive. Except there’s a plot twist in store as Sarah performs a sexy dance for the animated buff buffer: Mr. Clean has turned back into her husband. Shameless cable execs bring back horrible 'Honey Boo Boo' mom She jumps her hubby as the two tumble onto the couch together. Sarah tries to seduce Mr. Clean in a 30-second Super Bowl spot. (P&G via YouTube) The Procter & Gamble company, which has existed for almost 60 years, has never run a Super Bowl commercial before. Costs haven’t yet been released for the game, but Variety reported in December that Fox was selling 30-second spots for an average of $5 million each. The New England Patriots and Atlanta Falcons kick off the Super Bowl at 6:30 p.m. on Feb. 5. Tags: super bowl nfl Send a Letter to the Editor Join the Conversation: facebook Tweet Get Daily News stories, delivered to your inbox. Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Support Subscribe Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Keep in Touch Newsletter Apps Subscribe Feeds Support & Contact Contact Us Careers Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertising Media Kit Place An Ad Special Sections Daily News Covers © Copyright 2017 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.
Search Contact Us Home News Music Movies TV Polls Videos Photos Lists Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube Follow on Instagram subscribe via RSS Trending: Tyler Posey Gregg Sulkin Camila Cabello Donald Trump Inauguration Day Betty White Some Like It Pop Finally, a Super Bowl Ad for People Who Want to Bang Mr. Clean by Samantha Vincenty January 26, 2017 5:01 PM SHARE TWEET EMAIL REDDIT EMAIL REDDIT Subscribe to PopCrush on “You gotta love a man who cleans,” the tagline for Mr. Clean brand’s new ad for Super Bowl 51 reads. And it’s true — while study results vary regarding whether men who do more housework also enjoy more sex with their partners, the prospect of half of the American population chipping in to help the other half (women, who remain the chief target of ads for cleaning products) with some scrubbing and mopping is always very welcome. Mr. Clean’s high-profile new TV spot, produced by Leo Burnett, Toronto, hits on this fact, as well another low-key truth: Some people find the bald, musclebound two-dimensional marketing icon sexy as hell. Seriously, it’s a thing. Which is why putting Procter & Gamble’s 59-year-old mascot in a pair of skintight white jeans to match the shirt stretching across his computer-generated pecs was probably inevitable. Watch Mr. Clean’s new Super Bowl ad, in which a housewife fantasizes that her husband is actually the cloud-browed stud, above. Mr. Clean’s appeal made me wonder if he was the only crush worthy male animated character; a cursory Google search reveals dozens of listicles about sexy female cartoons like this one from CinemaBlend, yet only the heroes over at World of Wonder have a list of hot male toons. Before I found that, though, I crowdsourced Team PopCrush for internal answers, in a VERY professional and respectful way: But once we got the ball rolling, it was truly a safe space for dialogue. Kind of. The ad wizards at Leo Burnett are really onto something. Celebrities, and Their Pokemon Alter Egos Image of Next: Pepsi Confirms Lady Gaga's Halftime to Feature Tony Bennett Filed Under: Super Bowl | Super Bowl Commercials Category: Celebrity News | News SHARE TWEET EMAIL REDDIT More EMAIL Print this page Pin it! REDDIT Share on Tumblr! Recommended for You ZergNet Best of the Web ZergNet Best of PopCrush K-Pop Groups That Disbanded Over the Years Meet the EGOT Elite: 17 Entertainers Who Received an Emmy, Grammy, Oscar and Tony Hilariously Bad Celebrity Wax Figures Pop Albums Turning 20 in 2017 Leave a Comment News HOT Madame Tussauds Gets Ryan Gosling Face Detail Wrong By Crucial Millimeter January 23, 2017 4:45 PM Original ‘Hamilton’ Cast Members to Reunite for Super Bowl 2017 Performance January 27, 2017 7:21 PM Did Donald Trump Really Have His ‘Tiny’ Hands Photoshopped? Signs Point to No January 27, 2017 4:08 PM Nelly Furtado Uses Performance of (Great) New Song ‘Cold Hard Truth’ to Support Queer POC January 27, 2017 3:49 PM Selena Gomez + The Weeknd Hold Hands, Take Their Unconfirmed Romance to Italy January 27, 2017 3:36 PM HOT HEADLINES Madonna Approached to Record 'Enough is Enough' as Anti-Trump Anthem Mischa Barton's Meltdown in Play For a Full Year 'Flip or Flop' Stars Want to Keep Making Hit Show Despite Marriage Split Stars and Scars -- You Be the Judge Top Super Bowl Strippers Gunning for $100,000+ Paydays (VIDEO) Caron Butler: Carmelo Anthony Should LEAVE KNICKS ... Play For a Contender (VIDEO) Get David Bowie's 'Genie' Handwriting for $50k (PHOTO GALLERY) Duke Legend Jay Williams TOTALLY Backs Coach K ... I'm All For 'Extreme Measures'(VIDEO) Mary Tyler Moore Family Plunks Down 6 Figures For Burial (PHOTO GALLERY) Giancarlo Stanton Says He'll Help Tim Tebow Make MLB (VIDEOS) Newsletter Photo Galleries HOT 13 Weird Celebrity Conspiracy Theories January 13, 2017 3:09 PM Backstage at the 2017 PCAs: Fifth Harmony Parties, Justin Timberlake Hams It Up + More [Photos] January 19, 2017 12:59 PM Lauren Jauregui Through the Years: From ‘X Factor’ to ‘Back to Me’ January 19, 2017 11:46 AM 2017 People’s Choice Awards Best Dressed January 18, 2017 10:47 PM Fifth Harmony Hit the 2017 People’s Choice Awards Red Carpet for First Time as a Foursome January 18, 2017 8:53 PM Around the Web PopCrush Network Contact Us Privacy Advertise Welcome back to PopCrush It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! Welcome back to PopCrush It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://popcrush.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to PopCrush (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here PopCrush brought to you by: Sign up for PopCrush Birth Month January February March April May June July August September October November December Birth Day 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 Birth Year 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 Please solve this simple math problem to prove that you are a real person. 4 + 1 = Sign up for PopCrush quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! PopCrush brought to you by: PopCrush Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
Co-Sponsor Associate Sponsor Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Latest News Budget 2017 Gossip Compare India Australian Open Hockey League #SWAGphoneHonor6X Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports All Sections LIVE TV Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Latest NewsBudget 2017GossipCompare IndiaAustralian OpenHockey League#SWAGphoneHonor6X Latest News Budget 2017 Gossip Compare India Australian Open Hockey League #SWAGphoneHonor6X Debroy Committee submits interim report to Railways US Economy Posts Slowest Growth Since 2011 Maruti Hikes Prices by Upto Rs 8,014 With Immediate Effect Efficiencies Make HDFC Bank Staff Count Drop by 4,581 in Q3 News18 » Business 1-min read Debroy Committee submits interim report to Railways First published: April 1, 2015, 8:09 PM IST | Updated: April 1, 2015 The panel has also taken note of an estimate of the Railways' financial needs and suggested appropriate framework and policies to raise resources. New Delhi: Limited role for Railway Board, revamping of HR functions, and switch over to commercial accounting of railway functions are some of the recommendations made by the Debroy Committee in its interim report to Railways on Wednesday. The high-level committee headed by economist Vivek Debroy, who is a NITI Aayog Member now, was constituted six months ago to suggest ways for restructuring of the Railway Board and revamping the public transporter into a financial viable organisation. According to sources, the committee in its interim report has also suggested rationalisation of zones and divisions; decentralisation of power to general managers and DRMs. The panel has also taken note of an estimate of the Railways' financial needs and suggested appropriate framework and policies to raise resources, both internally and from outside the government. Among others, the mandate of the committee included reorganising and restructuring the board and subsequently the department to separate policy making from operations and encourage inter-departmental coordination. Other members of the panel include former Cabinet secretary KM Chandrasekhar; Gurcharan Das, former chairman and managing director of Procter and Gamble; Partha Mukopadhyay, senior fellow, Centre for Policy Research; Ravi Narain, former managing director of the National Stock Exchange among others. The committee was also asked to recommend steps to mobilise resources for major projects and help set up a Rail Tariff Authority. Currently, Railways works on a top-down hierarchical model with a six-member Railway Board which implements and monitors policies and takes all key decisions. The Railways is categorised into 16 geographical zones, employing about 1.3 million people with a cadre-based department like mechanical, engineering and electrical. The committee has made field visits to different zones including Kolkata, Mumbai to interact with staff and get a perspective. debroy committee niti aayog Railways railways report Recommended For You MS Dhoni and Anil Kumble Deep in Conversation Ahead of Second T20 Sonam Kapoor Pulls Off A Denim Sari Like No One Else Bigg Boss 10: Bani, Manveer, Manu, Lopa Relive The Moments Spent Inside The House Past Wins Against Roger Federer Mean Nothing, Says Rafael Nadal Maruti Suzuki Baleno RS: All You Need to Know Before the Launch About Us Privacy Policy Disclaimer Contact Us Sitemap Complaint Redressal Advertise With Us sections India Lifestyle States Tech Politics Auto Sports iVideos Football Power Circuit Latest News Snapchat to Reveal Financials Within a Week EC Gives Green Signal to Next Episode of PM's 'Mann Ki Baat' Firefighting Sexism: Some Dutch Courage, Please Apple Joins Microsoft, Facebook to Find Best Practices For AI Shades Of India 2.0, Episode- 49: Priyanka Gandhi in Congress list of star campaigners for UP Watch LIVE From Network18 News18 India CricketNext News18 States Pradesh18 Bangla News Gujarati News Urdu News Marathi News Topper Moneycontrol Firstpost CompareIndia History India MTV India In.com Burrp CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved.
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Main Menu Virtualitics Launches as First Platform to Merge Artificial Intelligence, Big Data and Virtual/Augmented Reality 26 January 2017Military News PASADENA, Calif.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Virtualitics, LLC, a data analytics in virtual reality (VR) and augmented reality (AR) startup, today announced the launch of its new tool that combines powerful data visualization in VR/AR and artificial intelligence to provide insights and discover actionable knowledge hidden in big and complex data. The company also announced they closed a $3 million investment seed round from angel investors. Virtualitics combines VR/AR with machine learning and natural language in a data exploration, collaborative environment suitable for both data scientists and non-expert users. The technology is the only one of its kind that can provide a simultaneous rendering of up to 10 dimensions, revealing multidimensional relationships present in the data, which may not be discoverable in any other way. The company is based on over a decade of research at Caltech and NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) and was founded by: professor George Djorgovski, the founding director of Caltech’s Center for Data-Driven Discovery; Michael Amori, former Deutsche Bank managing director, Harvard MBA and Caltech alumnus; Dr. Ciro Donalek, computational scientist at Caltech; and Dr. Scott Davidoff, manager of the Human Interfaces Group at NASA’s JPL. “Big Data is worthless if we cannot extract actionable knowledge from it,” said Michael Amori, CEO of Virtualitics. “Visualization can reveal the knowledge hidden in data, but traditional 2-D and 3-D data visualizations are inadequate for large and complex data sets. Our solution is to visualize as many as 10 dimensions in VR/AR all via a Shared Virtual Office, which allows even untrained users to spot patterns in data that can give companies a competitive edge.” Dr. Donalek, CTO of Virtualitics and a machine learning and VR expert added: “In recent years, machine learning has helped to solve complex scientific and business problems; adding VR and immersive collaborative environments will increase even further our ability to understand data.” According to professor Djorgovski, renowned astrophysicist and a pioneer in the uses of VR as a scientific platform: “VR is intrinsically well-suited for human perception, intuition and pattern recognition, leading to insights that may be difficult or even impossible to gain through any traditional visualization technique. It is a natural environment for collaborative visual data exploration and data analytics that enables teams of users, who may be continents apart, to interact with the data and with each other in a shared virtual space. It may also be a natural environment where humans can interact with their artificial intelligence assistants.” “We’ve long noted the benefits of VR/AR for some of the most complex initiatives we’ve undertaken at NASA,” said Dr. Davidoff, a leading expert in AR and manager of the team that created a “Virtual Mars” for NASA. “This technology also has the potential to change the way the business world thinks about, views and harnesses the potential of Big Data.” Virtualitics board of advisors includes: Andy Walter, former global vice president, IT for Procter & Gamble; Jerry del Missier, former COO of Barclays Bank; Alexander Lidow, CEO and co-founder of Efficient Power Conversion (EPC); Henry Ritchotte, former COO of Deutsche Bank; Paul Fox, vice president, strategic initiatives for Procter & Gamble; Henry Hsu, board member of a Taiwanese accelerator; and Andy Wilson, Pasadena City Councilman and tech entrepreneur. “Companies around the world are struggling to harness the power of Big and Small, but complex, Data. They are also investing heavily in key talent, analysts and data scientists, because they want to provide the best tools to collaborate and identify patterns that will impact the bottom line,” said Andy Walter, strategic advisor to Virtualitics. “Virtualitics has been able to create the virtual office of the future, which will allow even the largest, most complex global companies to easily find and share patterns that could significantly improve the way they do business.” Virtualitics is currently in private beta. For more information or to request a demo, visit: www.virtualitics.com. About Virtualitics, LLC Virtualitics, LLC is a data visualization company based in Pasadena, California, that merges artificial intelligence, Big Data and virtual/augmented reality to gain insights from big and complex data sets. Its data exploration, collaborative environment is suitable for both data scientists and non-expert users and reveals multidimensional relationships present in the data, which may not be discoverable in any other way. The company is based on over a decade of research at Caltech and NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) and was founded by: professor George Djorgovski, the founding director of Caltech’s Center for Data-Driven Discovery; Michael Amori, former Deutsche Bank managing director, Harvard MBA and Caltech alumnus; Dr. Ciro Donalek, computational scientist at Caltech; and Dr. Scott Davidoff, manager of the Human Interfaces Group at NASA’s JPL. Web | www.virtualitics.com Linkedin | Virtualitics, LLC Twitter | @virtualiticsVR Facebook | Virtualitics Posted Under Uncategorized Tagged company intelligence jet NASA private Uncategorized Post navigation TechTarget Enables B2B Technology Marketing and Sales Teams to Fuel Their Pipelines Faster with Latest Release of Priority Engine HIGH SURF ADVISORY – NORTH AND WEST MOLOKAI & NORTH MAUI Search Search for: Recent Posts Shanghai Disney Resort Marks its First Chinese New Year with Guests from Home and Abroad Travelniq Is Changing the Way People Travel Terror Attack Like Those In Fort Lauderdale Airport Could Be Avoided Ziv’s workout announce extreme heat resistant 932?F BBQ gloves Deep Discounts Available Now on Hearth & Home Products at Wallingford’s Colonial Flooring America Copyright © 2017 Military Technologies. Proudly powered by WordPress. | Theme: Awaken by ThemezHut.
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters In Case You Missed It Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money Intel's Earnings Were Solid, But Its Guidance Raises Some Questions DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Here Are a Few Factors That Could Destroy Dow 20,000 Let's look back at how the Dow rose to 20,000. Scott Gamm Brian Sozzi Jan 26, 2017 2:20 PM EST In many respects, the market's rally has been fueled by more than just optimism on what pro-growth policies President Trump will enact. Three factors that come to mind include a solid fourth-quarter earnings season, fueled by good reports from IBM (IBM) ,  Goldman Sachs (GS)  and JPMorgan Chase (JPM) ; a weakening U.S. dollar that could boost profits from multinationals like Procter & Gamble  (PG)  in the first quarter; and flat-out trading momentum. If you liked this article you might like The Beast's New Stripes; Rally Runs Further: Jim Cramer's Best Blog Jim Cramer ponders how the beast may have changed its stripes, and points out that this rally has further yet to go. Jim Cramer Jan 27, 2017 9:00 PM EST Elon Musk's Warming Relationship With Donald Trump Is a Good Sign for Tesla Investors Tesla's CEO and the new president seem to have discovered a critical area of common interest. Natalie Walters Jan 27, 2017 5:36 PM EST Microsoft Is the 'Beast' IBM Shareholders Should be Jealous of, Shark Tank's O'Leary Says Microsoft has been the most successful company in terms of the entire Internet and web-based business transition, Shark Tank's Kevin O'Leary said on CNBC. Natalie Walters Jan 27, 2017 4:27 PM EST Winning Stocks Are Right in Front of Your Eyes: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Thursday 1/26/17) Jim Cramer says it's not hard to find great American companies that have soared from Dow 10,000 to Dow 20,000. Scott Rutt Jan 27, 2017 6:30 AM EST Trending Letting the Peso Dive Might Be Mexico's Best Revenge Against Trump Week in Review: Earnings Drive Dow to 20K in Trump's First Week in White House These 5 Stocks Under $10 Could Get Hot Soon Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Unilever Plc Meets Its Growth Target Despite Another Market Slowdown The consumer products giant sees weak sales trends continuing at least through the next six months. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Jan 26, 2017 at 11:37AM Magnum ice cream production. Image source: Unilever. Unilever (NYSE:UL) on Thursday posted earnings results for its fourth quarter and full fiscal year. The consumer goods giant met its broad growth targets yet warned about weakening demand trends in some of its biggest markets. Let's take a look at the key figures from the report. What happened this quarter? Organic growth was 2.6% for the quarter to place overall growth at 3.7% for the year, within management's goal of between a 3% and 5% improvement. Highlights of the quarter include: Sales growth slowed to its weakest pace in over a year as the business was pinched by a range of negative market trends. Global economic growth slipped and a few individual markets, including Brazil and India, endured significant disruptions. Unilever's organic gains came entirely from higher prices as volume declined for the second straight quarter. However, its growth pace kept it just ahead of the overall market and beat rivals Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG) and Kimberly-Clark (NYSE:KMB), which recently posted 2% and 1% growth, respectively. Core operating margin ticked higher despite significant currency devaluation in Turkey, the United Kingdom, and Egypt. Earnings improved by 3% for the full year as a 7% operational gain was pulled lower by 4% due to exchange rate shifts. Return on invested capital fell by a full percentage point to 18% of sales. Profitability gains and working capital improvements were more than offset by increasing goodwill charges stemming from Unilever's recent acquisitions, including its $1 billion purchase of Dollar Shave Club. What management had to say Executives described weakening demand trends around the world. "Market conditions have been challenging throughout the year, and particularly so in the fourth quarter," they explained in a prepared statement. "In a number of countries, volumes have been weak as consumers and retailers adjust to devaluation-led cost increases," they continued, and cited Brazil and India as prime examples. Image source: Unilever investor presentation. Still, the company managed to boost profitability and organic revenue even as two of its largest markets struggled. "This further demonstrates the progress we have made in transforming Unilever into a more resilient business," CEO Paul Polman said. "We have again grown ahead of our markets, driven by strong innovations that support our category strategies," he said. Looking forward Polman and his team are predicting that the tough market conditions that characterized this most recent quarter will continue at least through the first half of 2017. That sentiment was echoed by Kimberly-Clark, which earlier in the week warned of near zero growth for the next six months. Unilever still expects to outpace rivals against that unfavorable market backdrop, though. P&G is looking for 2.5% organic gains this year and Kimberly-Clark's latest forecast calls for a 2% increase. Unilever should see closer to 3% growth, which would indicate minor market share expansion. The clearest sign that demand conditions are improving will likely come from a volume rebound, and so investors should watch that figure closely for signs of gains. In the meantime, cost cuts will keep profitability churning higher so that the company has the financial ammunition to direct toward product innovations and marketing support, with plenty left over for increased capital returns to shareholders in the form of a steadily climbing dividend. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Kimberly-Clark and Unilever. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Demitrios covers consumer goods and media companies for Fool.com, as well as broader moves in the economy. Follow @TMFSigma Article Info Jan 26, 2017 at 11:37AM Consumer Goods Stocks Procter and Gamble NYSE:PG $86.72 up $0.12 (0.14%) Kimberly-Clark NYSE:KMB $120.98 down $-1.17 (-0.96%) Unilever NYSE:UL $41.07 up $0.56 (1.38%) Read More Forget Procter & Gamble Co: Here Are 2 Better Dividend Stocks Better Buy: Procter & Gamble Co. vs. Unilever Ignore Procter & Gamble: Here Are 3 Better Stocks Earnings Extravaganza with Unilever, Luxottica, and Time Warner Instant Analysis: The Coca-Cola Co to Acquire Soy Beverage Maker for $575 Million Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Unilever Plc Meets Its Growth Target Despite Another Market Slowdown @themotleyfool #stocks $PG, $KMB, $UL
  Caracas, Saturday January 28,2017   Home | About us | Who's Who | Contacts | Help Search:  Venezuela Links Venezuela Overview Venezuelan Embassies & Consulates Around The World Sites/Blogs about Venezuela Venezuelan Newspapers Facts about Venezuela Venezuela Tourism Embassies in Caracas Colombia Links Colombia Overview Colombian Embassies & Consulates Around the World Government Links Embassies in Bogota Media Sites/Blogs about Colombia Educational Institutions Wall Street Stocks Commodity Prices Commodities Crude Oil US Gasoline Prices Natural Gas Gold Silver Copper Currencies Euro UK Pound Australia Dollar Canada Dollar Brazil Real Mexico Peso India Rupee Caribbean Antigua & Barbuda Aruba Barbados Cayman Islands Cuba Curacao Dominica Caribbean G-Z Grenada Haiti Jamaica Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Central America Belize Costa Rica El Salvador Honduras Nicaragua Panama North America Bahamas Bermuda Mexico South America Argentina Brazil Chile Guyana Paraguay Peru Uruguay Follow Us What's New at LAHT? Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Most Viewed on the Web Popular on Twitter Receive Our Daily Headlines   HOME | Business & Economy (Click here for more) Dow Closes above 20,000 for First Time NEW YORK  The Dow Jones Industrial Average, the New York Stock Exchanges blue-chip index, closed above 20,000 for the first time in its history on Wednesday, while two other leading stock market indexes  the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq Composite  both set new record highs. The Dow closed at 20,068.51, up 0.78 percent, while the S&P 500 finished up 0.80 percent at 2,298.37 and the Nasdaq climbed 0.99 percent to finish at 5,656.34. The new milestone for the Dow occurred shortly after the market opening. It came just over three and a half years after that index cracked 15,000 for the first time and just under 18 years after it first moved above 10,000 in 1999. It was the second Dow milestone since the current president of the United States was elected on Nov. 8, with the 19,000-point mark threshold having been eclipsed on Nov. 22. The stock market got an initial post-election boost and has surged higher in recent days since Donald Trump, who this week said he would make good on promises to cut taxes across-the-board and slash regulations, was inaugurated on Jan. 20. Of the 30 large-cap companies that make up the Dow, The Boeing Company was the biggest gainer on Wednesday, climbing 4.2 percent thanks to a strong earnings report. Other Dow components that moved higher during the session were Caterpillar and Apple, which closed up 1.98 percent and 1.57 percent, respectively. The Procter & Gamble Company sustained the days biggest loss among Dow stocks, falling 0.80 percent. Trump sent out a brief tweet after the Dow climbed above 20,000 points, simply saying, Great! A high-ranking assistant of the presidents, Kellyanne Conway, also took to Twitter after the news, calling the new milestone The Trump Effect.   Enter your email address to subscribe to free headlines (and great cartoons so every email has a happy ending!) from the Latin American Herald Tribune:   RSS Feed [ Home ] [ About Us ] [ Who's Who ] [ Contacts ] [ Help ] Copyright Latin American Herald Tribune - 2005-2015 © All rights reserved
the economist Topics down icon Sections Latest updates Britain Europe United States The Americas Middle East and Africa Asia China International Business Finance and economics Science and technology Books and arts Obituaries Leaders Debate Media The Economist apps Economist Films Economist Radio Audio edition Blogs Buttonwood's notebook Erasmus Game theory Gulliver The Economist explains Bagehot's notebook Democracy in America Free exchange Graphic detail ProsperoPrint edition More down icon Apps & Digital Editions The Economist apps Espresso Global Business Review World in Figures Other Publications 1843 Magazine The World In The World If Media Economist Films Economist Radio Audio edition From The Economist Group Events Jobs Board Which MBA Executive Education Navigator GMAT tutor GRE tutor Learning.ly The Economist Store Subscribe user iconLog in or registerManage subscription down icon Log in New to The Economist? Register now Activate your digital subscription Manage your subscription Renew your subscription magnifier iconSearch hamburger icon close icon Topics up icon Latest updates Britain Europe United States The Americas Middle East and Africa Asia China International Business Finance and economics Science and technology Books and arts Obituaries Leaders Debate Blogs up icon Buttonwood's notebook Erasmus Game theory Gulliver The Economist explains Bagehot's notebook Democracy in America Free exchange Graphic detail Prospero Print Edition The Economist apps Economist Films Economist Radio Audio edition More up icon The Economist apps Espresso Global Business Review World in Figures Events Jobs Board Which MBA Executive Education Navigator GMAT tutor GRE tutor Learning.ly The Economist StoreSubscribe A tissue of truthsPrinted human body parts could soon be available for transplant How to build organs from scratch print-edition icon From the print edition | Science and technologyJan 28th 2017, 00:00 twitter icon facebook icon more iconMore linkedin icon googleplus icon mail icon print icon purchase-rights icon EVERY year about 120,000 organs, mostly kidneys, are transplanted from one human being to another. Sometimes the donor is a living volunteer. Usually, though, he or she is the victim of an accident, stroke, heart attack or similar sudden event that has terminated the life of an otherwise healthy individual. But a lack of suitable donors, particularly as cars get safer and first-aid becomes more effective, means the supply of such organs is limited. Many people therefore die waiting for a transplant. That has led researchers to study the question of how to build organs from scratch. One promising approach is to print them. Lots of things are made these days by three-dimensional printing, and there seems no reason why body parts should not be among them. As yet, such “bioprinting” remains largely experimental. But bioprinted tissue is already being sold for drug testing, and the first transplantable tissues are expected to be ready for use in a few years’ time. Just press “print” Bioprinting originated in the early 2000s, when it was discovered that living cells could be sprayed through the nozzles of inkjet printers without damaging them. Today, using multiple print heads to squirt out different cell types, along with polymers that help keep the structure in shape, it is possible to deposit layer upon layer of cells that will bind together and grow into living, functional tissue. Researchers in various places are tinkering with kidney and liver tissue, skin, bones and cartilage, as well as the networks of blood vessels needed to keep body parts alive. They have implanted printed ears, bones and muscles into animals, and watched these integrate properly with their hosts. Last year a group at Northwestern University, in Chicago, even printed working prosthetic ovaries for mice. The recipients were able to conceive and give birth with the aid of these artificial organs. No one is yet talking of printing gonads for people. But blood vessels are a different matter. Sichuan Revotek, a biotechnology company based in Chengdu, China, has successfully implanted a printed section of artery into a monkey. This is the first step in trials of a technique intended for use in humans. Similarly, Organovo, a firm in San Diego, announced in December that it had transplanted printed human-liver tissue into mice, and that this tissue had survived and worked. Organovo hopes, within three to five years, to develop this procedure into a treatment for chronic liver failure and for inborn errors of metabolism in young children. The market for such treatments in America alone, the firm estimates, is worth more than $3bn a year. Johnson & Johnson, a large American health-care company, is so convinced that bioprinting will transform parts of medical practice that it has formed several alliances with interested academics and biotechnology firms. One of these alliances, with Tissue Regeneration Systems, a firm in Michigan, is intended to develop implants for the treatment of defects in broken bones. Another, with Aspect, a biotechnology company in Canada, is trying to work out how to print parts of the human knee known as the meniscuses. These are crescent-shaped cartilage pads that separate the femur from the tibia, and act as shock absorbers between these two bones—a role that causes huge wear and tear, which sometimes requires surgical intervention. More immediately, bioprinting can help with the development and testing of other sorts of treatments. Organovo already offers kidney and liver tissue for screening potential drugs for efficacy and safety. If this takes off it will please animal-rights activists, as it should cut down on the number of animal trials. It will please drug companies, too, since the tissue being tested is human, so the results obtained should be more reliable than ones from tests on other species. With similar motives in mind, L’Oréal, a French cosmetics firm, Procter & Gamble, an American consumer-goods company, and BASF, a German chemical concern, are working on printing human skin. They propose to use it to test their products for adverse reactions. L’Oréal already grows about five square metres of skin a year using older and slower technology. Bioprinting will permit it to grow much more, and also allow different skin types and textures to be printed. Skin in the game Printed skin might eventually be employed for grafts—repairing burns and ulcers. Plans are also afoot, as it were, to print skin directly onto the surface of the body. Renovacare, a firm in Pennsylvania, has developed a gun that will spray skin stem cells directly onto the wounds of burns victims. (Stem cells are cells that proliferate to produce all of the cell types that a tissue is composed of.) The suggestion is that the stem cells in question will come from the patient himself, meaning that there is no risk of his immune system rejecting the new tissue. The real prize of all this effort would be to be able to print entire organs. For kidneys, Roots Analysis, a medical-technology consultancy, reckons that should be possible in about six years’ time. Livers, which have a natural tendency to regenerate anyway, should also arrive reasonably soon. Hearts, with their complex internal geometries, will take longer. In all cases, though, printed organs would mean that those awaiting transplants have to wait neither for the altruism of another nor the death of a stranger to provide the means to save their own lives. This article appeared in the Science and technology section of the print edition under the headline "A tissue of truths" twitter icon facebook icon more iconMore linkedin icon googleplus icon mail icon print icon purchase-rights icon View comments (4) Editors’ picks Muslim attireThe state and the veil A dispute over Muslim women’s attire is helping nobody International In retreatThe multinational company is in troubleLeaders Rooster boostersChina’s biggest festival is going globalChina Angry historyThe deep roots of modern resentmentCulture Latest Updates Trump and abortionAnti-abortion protesters hope for change under Donald Trump Democracy in America Daily chartThe homogeneity of Donald Trump's cabinet Graphic detail “The Founder”A Trumpian biopic of Ray Kroc Prospero Taxing the poorMaking protectionism unpopular again Buttonwood's notebook Sacred readings, holy rows Why Koran readings in Anglican churches preoccupy the mighty Erasmus The Economist explainsHow easy is it for Americans to move to Canada? The Economist explains Taxes and tariffsThe White House hints that tax reform could pay for the border wall Democracy in America Close to midnightThe Doomsday Clock now reads two and a half minutes to midnight Democracy in America Daily chartHow necessary is Donald Trump’s wall? Graphic detail Forever present Digital immortality for the Holocaust’s last survivors Prospero IndicatorsRetail sales, producer prices, wages and exchange rates IndicatorsForeign reserves Pay as you goPresident Trump’s infrastructure plans probably involve more tolls Gulliver The Economist explainsWhy Berlin’s new airport keeps missing its opening date The Economist explains President’s ordersDonald Trump gets serious about building a border wall Democracy in America Monkey businessUnderstanding the spike in China’s birth rate Asia Podcast: BabbagePrinting parts Science and technology Take your tabletAmerican Airlines does away with seat-back entertainment Gulliver Authors and legislatorsOn Barack Obama and Benjamin Disraeli Prospero Daily chartDeclining trust in government is denting democracy Graphic detail → see all updates You are viewing a beta release of The Economist website. Please tell us what you think. Leave feedbackBack to old version You are viewing a beta release of The Economist website. Please tell us what you think. Leave feedbackBack to old version Subscribe Contact us Help Keep updated facebook icon twitter icon googleplus icon linkedin icon tumblr icon instagram icon youtube icon rss icon mail iconSubscribe to The Economist newsletters Advertise Reprints Careers Media Centre Site Map Published since September 1843 to take part in “a severe contest between intelligence, which presses forward, and an unworthy, timid ignorance obstructing our progress.” Terms of Use Privacy Cookies Accessibility Copyright © The Economist Newspaper Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
BUSINESS COMPANY TOWN After riding a wave of growth in Latino consumers, this ad agency's job just got harder Ad agency Christina House / For The Times From left, Hector and Norma Orci with their son Andrew, the company's CEO, at the Orci office in Santa Monica. From left, Hector and Norma Orci with their son Andrew, the company's CEO, at the Orci office in Santa Monica. (Christina House / For The Times) Meg JamesContact Reporter When the U.S. government wanted to encourage millions of undocumented immigrants to step out of the shadows and become citizens, it turned to a start-up advertising firm in Los Angeles to create the campaign. The year was 1986. Since then, the family-owned Orcí Agency has ridden the wave of huge growth in the U.S. Latino population, and a rising recognition among marketers of their economic importance. But last year, as the pioneering agency celebrated its 30th anniversary, chants of “build the wall” punctuated campaign rallies for President Donald Trump. On Wednesday, Trump ordered federal workers to begin construction on the barrier along the Mexican border. The juxtaposition has been jarring for Hector Orcí, a Mexican American who co-founded the agency, now based in Santa Monica. He and other advertising executives are worried that such divisive rhetoric denigrates Latinos, and could prompt a retreat in marketing to a vital segment of the country. “There is a rejection of multiculturalism,” Orcí said. “Latino consumers feel betrayed, they have been cast as the enemy. There is a tremendous need, and opportunity, for marketers to reconnect with Latino consumers.” His firm has spent three decades helping corporate clients, including American Honda Motor Co., Union Bank and Dole, to understand nuances of Latino culture and to create advertising that would inspire brand loyalty. Over the years, the agency has encountered scattered rejection from other corporations that didn’t want to be seen as appealing to Latinos out of fears that such outreach could alienate white consumers.  “We’ve dealt with it before, and we will continue to deal with it,” Orcí said. “What’s changed is there now is a permission to be nasty to us.”  Trump’s comments about Mexicans and Muslims, and the election results have sparked debate within advertising circles about how best to navigate cultural divisions that have deepened. “This election was a wake-up call,” said David R. Morse, president of New American Dimensions, an Orange County advertising research firm. Latino consumers feel betrayed, they have been cast as the enemy. — Hector Orcí, agency cofounder Communities are deeply divided, Morse said, and marketers should do more to understand various segments of the population. He noted that Trump received more votes — including more Latino votes — than many analysts had predicted.  “There is a huge sector — millions of people — out there who feel ignored when they turn on the television,” Morse said. “Some feel resentment by what they see as an over-representation of minorities in advertising.… But the answer is not to ignore minorities.” The debate comes amid a trying time for the advertising industry. The media landscape is fragmented, and consumers are using technology to skip commercials, making it more difficult for advertisers to engage them. After a wave of consolidation, a handful of large holding companies dominate the business, squeezing out smaller shops. Independent firms were swallowed up or closed during the Great Recession as corporations cut back on ad spending. Ad behemoths have discouraged their clients from seeking the expertise of a specialty firm like Orcí. The agency, which would not disclose its finances, was stung several years ago by the loss of a major client, Verizon. Orcí employs about 40 people, down from a peak of 120 about a decade ago, but it remains one of the largest independently-owned Latino marketing agencies nationwide. Multicultural advertising has faced another challenge: Increasingly, growth in the Latino community is coming from the children and grandchildren of immigrants who are typically fluent in English and not reliant on Spanish-language outlets. The demographic shift has prompted some advertisers to put less emphasis on targeting Latinos and instead focus on homogeneous messages. “We have to restate our mission because our mission is very important,” said Andrew Orcí, 45, the agency’s chief executive and the second generation of leadership. “Our job is to give voice to Latino consumers.” Hector Orcí, now 74, was 15 when he came to Los Angeles from his native Sonora, Mexico. He graduated from John Marshall High School, was elected student body president at Los Angeles City College, and is a graduate of USC and the Fletcher School at Tufts University, where he received a master’s degree in economics. His first job in advertising was with the Cincinnati consumer products giant Procter & Gamble, working on its Duncan Hines and Crisco brands. He ran the ad firm DDB in Mexico, before he and his wife, Norma, returned to the U.S. to join another agency, McCann, to market Coca-Cola — and new Coke — to Latinos. The Orcís ran the group within McCann that created Spanish-language ads. “There was a reluctance among some advertisers to get into Hispanic or multicultural advertising, but there also were some very smart clients, like Coca-Cola, that pushed it,” Hector Orcí said. “They realized that if you ignore the Latino market, then you are ignoring a lot of money.” He and his wife opened La Agencia de Orcí & Asociados on Wilshire Boulevard in West Los Angeles in 1986. Norma Orcí was the creative force; she devised the concept “share of heart” — a play on the industry’s fascination with market share — to reinforce that the best commercials speak to a consumer’s passion. The firm beat out more established agencies for the U.S. Immigration & Naturalization Service account in 1986 to spread the word about the immigration reform law, signed by President Reagan, and how immigrants could apply for citizenship. Nearly 3 million immigrants responded. Last year, archivists with the Smithsonian’s National Museum of American History collected the agency’s work papers for inclusion in its archives in Washington. Orcí donated the painting that served as a centerpiece of the firm’s 1986 citizenship campaign. The image depicts five multicultural faces protected by the wings of a bald eagle. An image showing five multicultural faces protected by the wings of a bald eagle was designed by the Orcís for a campaign they did in 1986 for the U.S. Immigration & Naturalization Service account. La Agencia de Orcí­ & Asociados An image showing five multicultural faces protected by the wings of a bald eagle was designed by the Orcís for a campaign they did in 1986 for the U.S. Immigration & Naturalization Service account. An image showing five multicultural faces protected by the wings of a bald eagle was designed by the Orcís for a campaign they did in 1986 for the U.S. Immigration & Naturalization Service account. (La Agencia de Orcí­ & Asociados) The intent was to show that people “like us — people who looked different” were welcome in the U.S., Hector Orcí said. But tensions lingered. “In the ‘80s, there was a resistance among marketers to learning a new culture, learning a new language and learning new forms of media,” said Norma Orcí. “We are facing a similar situation now.”  Although resentment of Latinos and other minorities continues among some audiences, there are dramatic differences, too. An estimated 40% of younger adults — the millennial generation — are from diverse backgrounds. The agency has tried to adapt. “We’ve evolved together,” said Gina Jorge, head of multicultural marketing for American Honda, one of Orcí’s longtime clients. Orcí no longer exclusively creates commercials for Spanish-language audiences. It provides its clients with behavioral insights about Latinos, regardless of language. “We have had creative [commercials] that were born with Latino insights that played so well that we made them into English-language spots,” Honda’s Jorge said. She pointed to a commercial the firm produced about a man who buys a Honda Ridgeline pickup — and family members suddenly find a need for his new vehicle. “Everyone goes to him for help because he is the one with a truck,” she explained. “As a Hispanic, it is very ingrained that you help each other.” The goal is for commercial messages to transcend cultural divisions. The strategy has been working for Orcí, which has had an upswing in business in recent years. In 2016, the value of its accounts (known in the industry as gross billings) topped $60 million, up from $55 million in 2014. “We are very optimistic. This is a very rich society because of its ability to integrate other cultures into it,” said Hector Orcí. “Of course there is always resistance. We are struggling to help the resistance not resist so much.” Caption Kristen Stewart on directing 'Come Swim' Kristen Stewart enjoyed the free-form aspect of making her short film, "Come Swim" which is showing at the Sundance Film Festival. She doesn't see that as a directorial stepping-stone to full-length features. Kristen Stewart enjoyed the free-form aspect of making her short film, "Come Swim" which is showing at the Sundance Film Festival. She doesn't see that as a directorial stepping-stone to full-length features. Caption Kristen Stewart on directing 'Come Swim' Kristen Stewart enjoyed the free-form aspect of making her short film, "Come Swim" which is showing at the Sundance Film Festival. She doesn't see that as a directorial stepping-stone to full-length features. Kristen Stewart enjoyed the free-form aspect of making her short film, "Come Swim" which is showing at the Sundance Film Festival. She doesn't see that as a directorial stepping-stone to full-length features. Caption 'Step' shows us its moves at Sundance The young women in "Step" demonstrate a routine at the L.A. Times photo studio during the Sundance Film Festival. The documentary is about senior girls in a Baltimore high school step team as they prepare to be the first in their families to attend college. The young women in "Step" demonstrate a routine at the L.A. Times photo studio during the Sundance Film Festival. The documentary is about senior girls in a Baltimore high school step team as they prepare to be the first in their families to attend college. Caption Casey Affleck finds the words in 'Manchester by the Sea' Casey Affleck talks about the way Kenneth Lonergan uses everyday language to convey deep emotion in "Manchester by the Sea." Casey Affleck talks about the way Kenneth Lonergan uses everyday language to convey deep emotion in "Manchester by the Sea." Caption Natalie Portman on the importance of the infamous pink dress in 'Jackie' For her role as Jackie Kennedy, Natalie Portman says, "It's not a fashion story," but the clothes do tell a story. For her role as Jackie Kennedy, Natalie Portman says, "It's not a fashion story," but the clothes do tell a story. Caption Joel Edgerton finds the heart of 'Loving' Joel Edgerton talks about staying truthful to the real-life story of "Loving." Joel Edgerton talks about staying truthful to the real-life story of "Loving." meg.james@latimes.com @MegJamesLAT Click here for a Spanish version of this story ALSO Mattel's holiday-season sales disappoint, and its stock dives Elon Musk wants to dig a tunnel to ease L.A. traffic. We have a lot of questions CalSTRS and L.A. hedge fund demand boardroom reform at troubled Banc of California Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Honda Motor Co. The boldest move yet to fill more movie theaters: Screen TV shows 'XXX' producer Revolution Studios sells to Content Partners Univision's latest drama is behind the scenes: It's losing young Latino viewers to the competition Local Sundance 2017 Sports Politics Opinion Most Popular Place An Ad 47°
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Consumer and Market Overview and 2021 Forecast: Special Focus on Belgium ReportsWeb.com has announced the addition of the Consumer and Market Insights: Hair care in Belgium The report outlines the evolution of enterprise content management, and identifies and assesses the best performing vendors in the market. (EMAILWIRE.COM, January 26, 2017 ) Consumer and Market Insights report on the Hair care market in Belgium provides insights on high growth categories to target, trends in the usage of packaging materials, types and closures category level distribution data and brands market shares. What else is contained? - Market data: Overall market value and volume data with growth analysis for 2010-2020 - Category coverage: Value and growth analysis for Conditioner, Hair Colorants, Hair Loss Treatments, Perms & Relaxers, Salon Hair care, Shampoo, and Styling Agents with inputs on individual segment share within each category and the change in their market share forecast for 2015-2020 - Leading players: Market share of brands - Distribution data: Percentage of sales within each category through distribution channels such as Hypermarkets & Supermarkets, Convenience Stores, Health & Beauty Stores, Department Stores, Drug Stores & Pharmacies, Variety Stores & General Merchandise Retailers and others in 2014 - Packaging data: consumption breakdown for packaging materials and containers in each category, in terms of percentage share of number of units sold. Packaging material data for Rigid Plastics, Flexible Packaging, and Rigid Metal; container data for: Bottle, Tube, Bag/Sachet, Aerosol and others Report Highlights The Argentine Hair care market is being led by the Shampoo category both in value and volume terms and it is also forecast to register fastest growth in value terms during 2015-2020. Hypermarkets & Supermarkets lead the distribution of Hair care in the country. Henkel Ag & Co. Kgaa and The Procter & Gamble Company are some of the leading players in the market. Rigid Plastics is the most commonly used packaging material in the Argentine Hair care market For more information about this report at http://www.reportsweb.com/consumer-and-market-insights-haircare-in-belgium Reason to Buy - Identify high potential categories and explore further market opportunities based on detailed value and volume analysis - Existing and new players can analyze key distribution channels to identify and evaluate trends and opportunities - Gain an understanding of the total competitive landscape based on detailed brand share analysis to plan effective market positioning Request a sample copy http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001537264/sample List of Content: Introduction - Report Scope Country Context - Macroeconomic indicators -GDP Per Capita, Population, Consumer Price Index and Age Profile Market Overview - Value and volume analysis for the Argentine Haircare market - Impact of exchange rate fluctuations on the Argentine Haircare market - Volume analysis by category - Market value and growth rates, by category - Historic and forecast value analysis by category - Winners and losers by categories with change in market share - Segment share in a category (value terms) and change in market share - Average category level pricing Ask for Discount at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001537264/discount Contact Us: Call: +1-646-491-9876 Email: sales@reportsweb.com Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
South Africa   Madagascar   Malawi   Mali   Mauritius   Morocco   Mozambique   Namibia   Niger   Nigeria   Rwanda   Senegal   Seychelles   Sierra Leone   Somalia   South Africa   South Sudan   Sudan   Swaziland   Tanzania   Togo   Tunisia   Uganda   Zambia   Zimbabwe Africa North Africa West Africa East Africa Central Africa Southern Africa International   Algeria   Angola   Benin   Botswana   Burkina Faso   Burundi   Cameroon   Chad   Cote D'Ivoire   DR Congo   Egypt   Ethiopia   Ghana   Guinea   Kenya   Lesotho   LibyaMarketing & MediaMarketing & MediaMedia All industries Marketing & Media South Africa Marketing & Media Africa International Agriculture, Horticulture & Forestry Automotive Building & Construction CSI & Sustainability Education & Training Energy & Mining Finance & Insurance Healthcare Human Resources & Recruitment IT & Telecommunications Legal Lifestyle & Entertainment Logistics & Transport Manufacturing Property & Real Estate Retail Tourism, Travel & Hospitality Advertising Bizcommunitoon Branding Cinema CRM CSI Design Digital Direct Marketing Education & Training Entrepreneur Month Entrepreneurship Events & Conferencing Exhibitions Focus on Media Magazines Marketing Media Mobile Newspapers Online Media Out of Home PR & Communications Printing Production Promotions Publishing Radio Recruitment Research Retail Sales Social Media Sponsorship TV With or Without Sugar Youth Marketing All Articles Companies Events Galleries Jobs People Advertise Submit Contact Africa All industries Agriculture Automotive Building CSI & Sustainability Education Energy & Mining Finance Healthcare HR ICT Legal Lifestyle Logistics & Transport Manufacturing Marketing & Media Property Retail Tourism Africa North Africa West Africa East Africa Central Africa Southern Africa   Algeria   Angola   Benin   Botswana   Burkina Faso   Burundi   Cameroon   Chad   Cote D'Ivoire   DR Congo   Egypt   Ethiopia   Ghana   Guinea   Kenya   Lesotho   Libya   Madagascar   Malawi   Mali   Mauritius   Morocco   Mozambique   Namibia   Niger   Nigeria   Rwanda   Senegal   Seychelles   Sierra Leone   Somalia   South Africa   South Sudan   Sudan   Swaziland   Tanzania   Togo   Tunisia   Uganda   Zambia   Zimbabwe International Agriculture Automotive Building CSI & Sustainability Education Energy & Mining Finance Healthcare HR ICT Legal Lifestyle Logistics & Transport Manufacturing Marketing & Media Property Retail Tourism All Agriculture Agri Tech Agribusiness Agro-processing Aquaculture Commercial Fishing Commodities & Fairtrade Fertilisers & GMOs Food Security Forestry Horticulture Sustainability Trends All Automotive Maintenance & Safety Manufacturing & Parts Motorcycles Motoring Reviews Motorsport Petrochemical Retail & Rental Trends All Building Architecture & Design Building Materials & Equipment Construction & Engineering Property Development Smart Buildings & Cities Sustainable Development Trends Utilities All CSI & Sustainability Circular Economy Climate Change Education & Training Environment & Natural Resources Food, Water & Energy Security Health & Welfare Inclusion & Equality Infrastructure and Technology Pollution & Waste Management Sustainability Month Trends All Education Distance Learning E-learning Higher Education Primary & Secondary Education Skills Training Trends All Energy & Mining Energy Markets & Investment Mining Nuclear Power Renewables & Energy Efficiency Science & Engineering Trends All Finance Accounting & Auditing Banking Budget Speech Education & Training Financial Services Fintech Insurance & Actuarial Markets & Investment Taxation & Regulation Trends Venture Capital All Healthcare Aesthetic Medicine Cardiology Chronic Diseases CSI Dentistry Disease Groups Ear, Nose & Throat Emergency Procedures Ethical Medicines Exercise Science Exhibitions & Events Financial Services Food Crisis Gastroenterology Generic Medicines HIV/AIDS Hospital Groups Infectious Diseases Malaria Medical Aid Medical Research Medical Technology Mental health Neurology NPO Nutrition Obstetrics & Gynaecology Oncology Ophthalmology Orthopaedics Paediatrics Palliative care Pharmaceutical Companies Pharmaceuticals Public Health Sports Science Surgical Equipment & Products Surgical Procedures Trends Tuberculosis Women's Health All HR BizCareers Column Entrepreneurship Jobs & Recruitment Labour Law & Unions Management Skills Development & Training Trends All ICT App and website development Cloud Computing Cyber Security Data Management Hardware Internet Network Services Software Tech Startups Technology Telecommunications Trends All Legal Competition Law Corporate & Commercial Law Criminal Law Cyber Law Environmental Law Immigration & Citizenship Law Labour Law Land & Property Law Law of Succession Law Practice Legislation Media & Entertainment Law Medical Law Public Liability Tax Law Trends All Lifestyle Art Events Fashion Food & Wine Movies Music Sport Theatre Travel Trends Wellness Win All Logistics & Transport Aviation Cargo & Storage Distribution Fleet Management Public Transport Railway Shipping Supply Chain Transport Trends Warehousing All Manufacturing Industrial automation Machinery Manufacturing Trends All Marketing & Media Advertising Bizcommunitoon Branding Cinema CRM CSI Design Digital Direct Marketing Education Entrepreneur Month Entrepreneurship Events & Conferencing Exhibitions Focus on Media Magazines Marketing Media Mobile Newspapers Online Media OOH PR & Communications Printing Production Promotions Publishing Radio Recruitment Research Retail Sales Social Media Sponsorship TV With or Without Sugar Youth Marketing In the news Enquire about a company press office All Property Commercial Property Industrial Property Market & Investments Property Management Rental Residential Trends All Retail Banking & Finance Branding CGF Global Summit Cold Chain Commercial Property CRM CSI E-commerce eCommerce Awards Exhibitions & Events Fashion, Clothing & Textiles FMCG Franchising Green Sustainability Health & Safety Hospitality Import/Export In-store Media Informal Retailing Manufacturing Merchandising Packaging Refrigeration Regulatory Research Retail Marketing Retail Services Retail Trends Retailers Sales Security Shopfitting Supply Chain Technology Training Trends All Tourism Accommodation Air Travel Catering Food Services Hospitality Restaurant Supply Tourism Tours Travel Trends Media News Menu News MyBiz Press offices Jobs Events Contributors People directory Companies Multimedia News My Biz Press offices Jobs Events Contributors People Companies Multimedia News Company news In briefs New appointments New business Newsletter archive Most read articles Submit news My newsfeed My profile Edit my profile My CV My favourites My portfolio/showcase My followers Following people Press office news Press offices Press office listings Press office info My press office Open a Biz Press Office Jobs offered Jobs wanted My saved jobs My CV Recruiters Companies recruiting Submit a job advert Recruitment login Submit a job Industry events Workshops Other Calendar Submit event Articles Contributors A-Z Contribute Find people People you may know Invite people Edit my profile Company listings Associations My company Press office companies Get a company listing Video Audio Galleries Images Submit your media News Company news In briefs New appointments New business Latest newsletter Most read Subscribe to industry newsletters BizTrends 2017 #BizTrends2017: Rediscovering the art of storytelling in the connected ageTom Manners #BizTrends2017: The gamechangers for digital marketersPilira Mwambala #BizTrends2017: Stop driving customers away with poor marketing automationNick Orton #BizTrends2017: The Big Rethink - Seismic trends in marketingShireen Jaftha More trends... Top stories National Film and Video Foundation announces changes to the SAFTAsJessica Tennant #BizTrends2017: Rediscovering the art of storytelling in the connected ageTom Manners #BizTrends2017: The gamechangers for digital marketersPilira Mwambala #LoeriesRankings with… M-NetLeigh Andrews How is fake news driving South Africa's political agendas? Creative Circle Awards: October/November/December winners New printing deal set to lift Media24 Midas Awards for the World's Best Financial Advertising announced ROAR Organiser and Exhibitor Awards winners #TRENDING: Social media resistance and ‘alternative' factsLouise Marsland #BizTrends2017: People-powering the digitalisation processLauren Hartzenberg Umuzi to share its creativity with Cape TownPasqua Heard Why brands can dive deeper into augmented reality in 2017Etienne de Villiers Cartoon Network launches app Who will be crowned South Africa's Best Managed Company? Sunday papers enjoy high readership SA's young creatives participate in Nike's Sock Dart Creative Hub Newly launched Warc Awards seek next-generation marketing effectiveness Twitter adds 'explore' to make finding tweets easier Facebook's new Privacy Basics features improved functionalityMore Top stories news...  Submit news Bizcommunity has over 400 industry contributors and we always welcome further contributions and contributors. Submit news GroupM becomes majority stakeholder in MediaCom India 26 Jan 2017 | Save | Email | Print |  PDF     WPP's global media investment arm, GroupM, has increased its holding in MediaCom India to become a majority stakeholder, which allows MediaCom India to access and tap into the global reach and infrastructure of GroupM. MediaCom India, founded in 2007, employs around 170 people in India, with offices in Gurgaon, Bangalore and Mumbai as well as a representative office in Chennai. As a content and connection agency, it specialises in media buying and planning across channels. Its clients include Dell, Edelweiss, Future Group, Makemytrip.com, Mars, Pedigree, Piaggio, P&G, Royal Enfield, SAB Miller, Tata Docomo, Urban Ladder, Wellspun and Wrigley’s. Its revenues were around 700m INR in 2016, with assets of 90m INR as of the same date. This acquisition continues WPP's strategy of investing in fast growth markets, new media and digital. Collectively, WPP companies (including associates) in India generate revenues estimated to be over $600m in 2016 and employ 15,000 people. ‹    Like Save Email Print PDF Comment on thisComment Comment guidelines and disclaimer LEGAL DISCLAIMER: This Message Board accepts no liability of legal consequences that arise from the Message Boards (e.g. defamation, slander, or other such crimes). All posted messages are the sole property of their respective authors. The maintainer does retain the right to remove any message posts for whatever reasons. People that post messages to this forum are not to libel/slander nor in any other way depict a company, entity, individual(s), or service in a false light; should they do so, the legal consequences are theirs alone. Bizcommunity.com will disclose authors' IP addresses to authorities if compelled to do so by a court of law. Read more: WPP, GroupM Related National Film and Video Foundation announces changes to the SAFTAs By Jessica Tennant How is fake news driving South Africa's political agendas? ROAR Organiser and Exhibitor Awards winners New printing deal set to lift Media24 News Show more Subscribe Receive free email newsletter Make us your homepage Add us to your favorites RSS feed Get biz on your phone Follow us Invite Tell a friend about us News Articles News by industry Company news Cartoons Events In briefs Galleries Newsletter archive Ornico ad showcase Reviews Trends Community Companies Contributors Portfolio showcases Forums Jobs Jokes Noticeboards People Polls Social media Submit News Company Job ad Op-ed contribution Portfolio showcase New business New appointment Event listing Gallery Noticeboard MyBiz Account Home My company listing My job ads My newsfeed MyBiz CV MyBiz Favourites MyBiz Profile Subscribe to news My newsletters Customise newsletters Advertise Product overview Website Newsletters Press offices Recruitment Special products Download ratecard Contact us Bizcommunity About us Contact us Send us news Our Biz Press Office Follow us Feedback Join us ADSL & Web hosting proudly provided by Afrihost. All rights reserved. © 2017. Bizcommunity.com, its sponsors, contributors and advertisers disclaim all liability for any loss, damage, injury or expense that might arise from the use of, or reliance upon, the services contained herein. Privacy policy, Terms of Use, PAIA.
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times DJIA ▲ 20093.78 -0.04%   S&P 500 ▲ 2294.69 -0.09%   Nasdaq ▲ 5660.78 0.10%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ 0/32 yield 2.484%   Crude Oil ▲ 53.20 -1.08%   Euro ▲ 1.0698 0.14%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Design & Decoration The Lush New Décor Look That’s Vanquishing Minimalism Rumble Seat Jaguar XF35t Review: British Style, Off the Rack Pedaling Through the Bicycle’s 200 Years Exotic Locales Need Better Fast Food Style & Fashion The January-to-July Sweater Off Duty Travel Sicily’s Superior Cannoli: A Guide for Connoisseurs—and Skeptics Style & Fashion The Device Squad: Five Must-Have Beauty Gadgets WSJ. Magazine A Former Buddhist Kingdom Reckons With Modernization WSJ. Magazine A New Book Brings Yves Klein’s Parisian Apartment to Life FETE ACCOMPLI A GOOD LOOKS GUIDE TO RECENT EVENTS Dior Celebrates Haute Couture With Unicorns Gear & Gadgets A New Computer as Beautiful as a Vintage Apple I A-hed Alexa, Stop Making Life Miserable for Anyone With a Similar Name! Word on the Street A Clash of ‘Alternative’ and ‘Facts’ Soapbox Willem Dafoe, Floyd Mayweather and More on Commitment The Watch Man Leather or Not: Picking the Best Watch Strap for You Mind & Matter In Romance, a Little Understanding <br/> Goes a Long Way Find My AirPods: Apple Now Helps You Locate Your Little Lost Earphone Answering the Urge to Volunteer Stock Photos Get More Real Ask Teri Is a Fancy Front Loader Worth the Price? http://www.wsj.com/articles/the-joke-that-makes-or-breaks-you-at-work-1485273069 Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Life Careers Work & Family The Joke That Makes or Breaks You at Work Using humor at the office can boost your status, but only the right kind of humor Humor can make an employee be perceived as confident and competent, but in the workplace it can be a double-edge sword. WSJ's Sue Shellenbarger and Tanya Rivero discuss how employees can use humor to their benefit. Photo: iStock By Sue Shellenbarger Sue Shellenbarger The Wall Street Journal BiographySue Shellenbarger Google+ Sue.Shellenbarger@wsj.com Jan. 24, 2017 10:51 a.m. ET 16 COMMENTS Colleagues who make others laugh are seen as more self-confident, competent and higher in status, according to a series of experiments by researchers at the University of Pennsylvania’s Wharton School and Harvard Business School. This conclusion, compelling for the many people who have spent on clothes, cars, credentials or coaching to burnish their image, has gotten some understandable attention recently. Laughs are a risky path to prestige, however: Tell just one inappropriate joke and your status among peers hits the skids. Humor is often seen as a sign of intelligence, and delivering a joke well requires sensitivity to others’ moods and tastes. John Thorne often uses self-deprecating humor to elevate his employees’ status among clients. As president of Automotive Events, a Cleveland-based producer of car-related promotions, he’s often the one who wins new clients. But when he introduces them to the employees who will be organizing and running their events, he jokes, “I don’t actually do anything. It’s these guys who do the work,” he says. When clients laugh, he says, “No seriously, I don’t do anything all day. I’m just here to make sure the coffee is pouring.” The gambit helps clients feel better about the transition to working with someone else, he says. Telling jokes can make leaders be seen as more confident and competent, but it also can bring executives down to employees’ level, making them seem more human and vulnerable, says Clayton Fletcher, a comedy consultant with Peppercomm, a strategic communications firm in New York City, who has coached Mr. Thorne. Past research has shown the value of workplace humor in easing stress, building rapport and increasing the productivity and creativity of teams. Sources: T. B. Bitterly and M. Schweitzer, The Wharton School The Wharton study is the first to assess the impact of joking on an individual’s status at work. Researchers asked a total of 2,300 participants in eight experiments to observe mock ad testimonials, view illustrated job interview transcripts and recall jokes told by co-workers. Participants rated each joke-teller’s status based on such criteria as how respected, powerful, admired and influential the person was likely to be in colleagues’ eyes. Simply recalling a funny joke by a co-worker elevated the joke-teller’s status in participants’ minds, says T. Bradford Bitterly, a doctoral candidate at Wharton and lead author on the study, published in November in the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology. “It shows how powerful humor can potentially be,” he says. Twenty-two-year-old Daniel Monarres of San Antonio believes his ability to poke fun at himself during an interview helped him win a slot in a highly competitive graduate program at Texas A&M University’s Mays Business School in College Station, Texas. When the interviewer asked about his hobbies and whether he played golf, Mr. Monarres admitted that he didn’t, then quipped that he served as trainer to his two college roommates, both expert golfers who played on the university team. The interviewer laughed and the conversation ended on a warm note, he says. Related Coverage Why Telling a Joke Pays Off for the Boss How to Build Instant Rapport in an Interview Secrets of Effective Office Humor Effective humor can trigger abrupt changes in people’s image. A soft-spoken introvert who “out of nowhere, in a deadpan manner, delivers a line that is super-funny,” can rocket to greater influence among co-workers, says Bob Kulhan, founder of Business Improv, a Chicago consulting firm, and author of “Getting to ‘Yes, And,’ ” a new book about using comedic skills at work. There’s plenty of joking going on in the workplace, and a lot of it is missing the target. While all but 1 of 200 participants surveyed by the Wharton researchers could recall a joke told by a co-worker, they rated nearly one-third of the jokes as inappropriate. There’s no risk to your reputation in telling an appropriate joke, even if it flops and no one laughs, the Wharton study shows. You’ll still be seen as confident. Sources: T. B. Bitterly and M. Schweitzer, The Wharton School Telling an inappropriate joke, however, can do serious damage. Participants in another Wharton study assessed the status of three job seekers who were asked in a simulated interview to suggest a creative use for an old tire. One drew a laugh by saying, “Someone doing CrossFit could use it for 30 minutes, then tell you about it forever.” The second made an inappropriate joke about turning the tire into condoms, and the third gave a serious response: “Make a tire swing out of it.” Participants rated the first joker highest in status, the serious respondent second and the applicant who made the off-color joke last. Figuring out whether a joke will fly requires deciding whether it meshes with the setting, listeners’ tastes and their purpose at the moment, says Andrew Tarvin, a New York City workplace humor coach and author who has taught comedy techniques to employees at Procter & Gamble, PricewaterhouseCoopers, GlaxoSmithKline and other companies. A joke can work even in a somber situation if it relieves tension. A wisecrack can flop badly, however, if the joker disregards listeners’ emotions: A CEO who jokes after a round of layoffs that he’s going to have to get a smaller yacht is likely to come across as aggressive and mean, says Mr. Tarvin. And spouting one-liners in a meeting where participants are intent on solving a complex problem isn’t likely to accomplish much more than annoying people. Work & Family Mailbox Q: Your column on what parents of teenage boys need to know was very helpful. What is the impact of kids’ heavy use of social media during such a fragile developmental period?—T.M. A: There’s some evidence linking social-media use to declines in children’s social skills and empathy. Preteens who spent five days at an overnight nature camp with no access to television, computers or mobile phones showed significant gains in their ability to read unspoken emotional cues in others’ faces, based on test scores before and after the camp session, according to a 2014 study led by researchers at the University of California, Los Angeles. The campers’ scores rose more than scores of a control group of preteens who remained at school with their usual screen time. College students’ scores on a broader measure of empathy have fallen since 2000, according to a 30-year research review students’ responses to a standardized empathy scale. The results are based on students’ agreement with such statements as, “I often have tender, concerned feelings for people less fortunate than me,” and, “I sometimes try to understand my friends better by imagining how things look from their perspective.” Write to Sue Shellenbarger at sue.shellenbarger@wsj.com Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Most Popular Videos Trump Emphasizes Close Relationship With U.K. A Real-Life Alexa Lives With 'Alexa' Ferris Bueller 'Oh Yeah' Song Helps Co-Creator Earn Millions Goldman: 2 Stock Picks; How to Play Bonds Oscar Schafer's 3 Values in a Pricey Market Most Popular Articles Opinion: Trump Tries to Build a ‘Different Party’ Opinion: Trump’s Little Mexican War Miami-Dade Mayor Orders Jails to Comply With Trump Immigration Plan Opinion: Chuck Schumer Goes Wild Opinion: A GOP Regulatory Game Changer SHOW COMMENTS HIDE COMMENTS (16) Failed to load comments Show More Archives Advertisement Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Trump Emphasizes Close Relationship With U.K. A Real-Life Alexa Lives With 'Alexa' Ferris Bueller 'Oh Yeah' Song Helps Co-Creator Earn Millions Goldman: 2 Stock Picks; How to Play Bonds Oscar Schafer's 3 Values in a Pricey Market Most Popular Articles Opinion: Trump Tries to Build a ‘Different Party’ Opinion: Trump’s Little Mexican War Miami-Dade Mayor Orders Jails to Comply With Trump Immigration Plan Opinion: Chuck Schumer Goes Wild Opinion: A GOP Regulatory Game Changer Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Toggle navigation Oped Opinion News Post Editorial National World Sports Business Entertainment Weird Health Sci-tech Magazine HOME LATEST PRINT OPINION E-PAPER HOT TOPICS Hot Topics Panama Leaks Pak-India Ties Donald Trump CPEC Pak vs Aus Print Story X Print Story News item about PM engagements fictitious Home / Today's Paper / National / News item about PM engagements fictitious January 26, 2017 Print : National 0 0 World Economic Forum Govt spokesperson says Nawaz personally invited by Schwab; met important world, business leaders ISLAMABAD: A government spokesperson strongly rebutted a news report published in a section of the press on Wednesday regarding Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif’s engagements at Davos and the claim that he was barred from speaking at the World Economic Forum. The spokesperson said the prime minister was officially invited by World Economic Forum Executive Chairman Prof Klaus Schwab to attend the event in Davos, adding that Nawaz held a meeting with Schwab where Pakistan’s economic growth and investment potential were acknowledged. It was also reminded that the prime minister held several meetings at the forum with world leaders and top executives from leading international companies – including the CEOs of VimpelCom and Procter & Gamble, Mr Jack Ma, Swiss Confederation president and the prime ministers of Sweden, Norway and Sri Lanka – for publicising Pakistan’s investment-friendly environment and the tremendous opportunities that the country offered. The statement said the prime minister also met Bill Gates on polio eradication from Pakistan and a group of top executives from leading Telecom companies. He held meeting with the UN secretary-general and effectively used the World Economic Forum to high light the Kashmir cause.  The spokesperson stated that Nawaz held highly-productive meetings at Davos and the news about barring him from the event was incorrect and based on fictitious information.     0 0 News item about PM engagements fictitious was posted in National of TheNews International - https://www.thenews.com.pk on January 26, 2017 and was last updated on January 26, 2017. This news story is related to Print/181799-News-item-about-PM-engagements-fictitious/ - breaking news, latest news, pakistan ne. Permanent link to the news story "News item about PM engagements fictitious" is https://www.thenews.com.pk/print/181799-News-item-about-PM-engagements-fictitious. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments. More From National Kashmiris, Sikhs observe black day to condemn India CIA predicted another martial law in Zia era India has turned Kashmir into world’s largest open-air prison: Haider Missing IT expert a case of ‘enforced disappearance’, IHC told Thousands face death while illegally travelling to Turkey, Europe Qadri reiterates threat to launch decisive anti-govt agitation Pakistan secretly carried out cold test of nuclear device on Oct 6, 1984 Calling anyone infidel, traitor, blasphemer is violation of law, Constitution Hate speech is most hated in West and Islamic countries PBA, APNS, CPNE, journalists welcome Pemra ban on anchor Sindh opposition misses PA agenda Will PTI respond to assertion of Maryam’s lawyer on fake signatures? Drug lawyers, pharmacists level charges against officials Bangladesh seeks more security for its mission in Pakistan Nisar, IGFC discuss Balochistan’s security situation For the chosen few Babar Sattar A strategic shift Hussain H Zaidi Fata in the crosshairs Talimand Khan Rising in transparency Ahsan Iqbal Astana: What talks? Malak Chabkoun Orwell’s lessons Bob Rae National World Sports Business Weird Technology Entertainment Video Gallery Magazines Facebook Blog Twitter Google Plus Photo Gallery Print Edition Top Story Opinion World Sports National Contact Us Classified How to Advertise About Us RSS Videos E-Paper Back Issues THE NEWS INTERNATIONAL - COPYRIGHT @2017 THIRD-PARTY ADVERTISEMENT POLICY | PRIVACY POLICY | CONTACT US
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Subscribe Search Engine Land Annual Report Google: We removed 1.7 billion "bad ads" last year It's Baaaaack! Google Dance returns to SMX West in March Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Everything you need to know about SEO, delivered every Thursday. SUBSCRIBE Do organic keyword rankings matter anymore? With all the ways search engine results pages have evolved over the years, columnist Julian Connors explores the question of whether SEO is still a wise investment. Julian Connors on January 26, 2017 at 11:58 am More High keyword rankings are the most sought-after achievement in the world of search engine optimization (SEO). Small businesses and brands alike strive to obtain the first organic listing in search results because of the lucrative traffic and lead opportunities that are associated with this position. But with the evolution of paid advertising and expansion of universal search, as well as Google’s continuous efforts to provide consumers with content that resolves their demands directly in search results, the opportunities attached to traditional keyword rankings are diminishing at an alarming rate. In today’s search landscape, SEOs and digital marketing specialists have to consider whether it’s worth the amount of time and resources it takes to achieve premier organic rankings, considering the click-through rates (CTR) associated with organic rankings that are positioned under PLAs, local results and other forms of content. Keyword rankings aren’t the only way to connect to online customers There was a time not too long ago when achieving the first organic position on Google was one of the only ways to attract new online customers to a website without having to invest in paid advertising or e-mail marketing. Ten years ago, the world was just warming up to the power of social media and its influence on the World Wide Web. Back then, most consumers were just starting to become aware of YouTube’s marketing power, Facebook was starting to open itself up to audiences outside of college students, and blogging was just starting to become mainstream, as everyone from CNN to Mashable began investing in new, niche content in the form of top lists and how-to articles. Because of this boom in social connectivity, businesses and brands suddenly had access to free channels that were viable for attracting new business to their websites. In 2017, there are thousands of social media platforms to join, millions of user-generated content forums, and approximately 320 million blogs around the world (up from 260 million in 2015). Today, it’s rare to find a local business or brand that isn’t connected to an established directory host like Yelp or TripAdvisor, whose own online credibility is so impressive that it allows their less authoritative clients to rank well within organic results. New niche environments allow businesses to focus on conversions, not site traffic When companies and brands were only able to connect with new customers through organic rankings, it made sense to invest a significant amount of time and resources to build thousands of links and cram keywords into a particular website to increase visibility. Now that there are thousands of free channels that cater to niche demographics with specific interests, it’s easier than ever for brands to identify relevant environments that can be targeted for conversions. The online landscape of today allows businesses and brands to focus on maximizing qualified conversions, rather than trying to gain as much traffic as possible with the hopes that a particular portion is going to convert into a sale. One of the problems with keyword rankings is that any consumer can click through to a website and immediately leave because the title tag and meta description didn’t align with the content of its associated landing page. Ranking first on Google does not mean that every visitor is going to turn into a paying customer because of how limited keywords are for understanding granular details associated with online consumers. Social media and other niche online communities trump the value of keyword rankings because they serve as natural environments for like-minded users with specific interests to hang out in, consuming new forms of hyper-focused content that keep them returning. Because of how easy it is today for businesses to build strong social media followings, basic engagement can improve everything from brand awareness and online reputation to traffic and revenue. Keyword rankings lack the power of social media because they are not proactive means of engagement, and they don’t necessarily connect brands with the type of qualified traffic that exists and is readily available in communities like Reddit or Instagram. Google is crushing the desire to achieve premier keyword rankings It’s always important to keep in mind that Google is a business; they are not just a convenient means for finding information or purchasing products. Recognizing that Google is a business that competes in a free market where consumers have options, it is their goal to become an all-inclusive destination that provides an experience that is so fulfilling, it keeps consumers returning to their search engine. Local results bury traditional rankings Google’s focus on providing content that displays local options for consumers to consider has diminished the power of premier keyword rankings for some industries which were appearing at the very top of search listings, only to now be buried beneath the fold. Sponsored ads blend with organic results Product listing ads and the inclusion of a fourth paid search ad for certain highly commercial queries have pushed organic results down the page even further, which significantly reduces the CTR of each organic position. Considering that the first organic position on Google commanded a 31 percent CTR in 2014 and the fourth position garnered a 7 percent CTR, it’s clear that today’s blended search results pages may render top organic results that are not nearly as powerful for driving site traffic as they used to be. Free products, direct answers & featured snippets diminish consumers’ need to engage in site content The ability for Google to resolve consumer demands without having to enter a particular website continues to increase, as there are more free products, definitions and featured snippets appearing every day. Informational websites that depend on attracting a tremendous amount of traffic in order to maintain their ad rates are at the mercy of featured snippets, which provide users with immediate answers whenever they search with specific questions. Featured snippets also push traditional rankings below the fold, which may negatively affect CTR. Why keyword rankings are still important for success Although all of the points made against the effort it takes to build premier keyword rankings are valid, it is still important for businesses and brands to actively strive for premier organic rankings. Despite diminished visibility and CTR within particular types of search listings, organic rankings remain one of the most powerful entrances for brands to connect with new customers. SEOs and digital marketing specialists can maximize their traffic and conversion opportunities through keyword rankings by creating quality content around niche concepts and phrases that their target audience uses or searches for. This allows brands to increase their monthly traffic and receive qualified conversions based on the type of consumer research that guides their content development efforts. Like anything else with digital marketing, the formula for achieving success is to maintain a campaign that combines social media, paid advertising, SEO and other relevant channels. Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Julian Connors Julian Connors, President at SEO Without Borders, is an experienced search marketing manager who has developed complex, wide-scale search and social campaigns for brands that include: P&G, Duracell, Dickies, Staples, and more. A published author on the concept of "Social SEO," Connors contributes to a number of recognized publications and speaks at digital marketing conferences throughout the country. Related Topics All Things SEO ColumnChannel: SEOGoogle: OneBox, Plus Box & Direct AnswersGoogle: SEOGoogle: Web SearchSEO - Search Engine OptimizationSEO: General Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers Data for Retailers The Ultimate App Personalization Playbook I have 50,000+ email subscribers…now what? The Facebook Playbook for Call Conversions Google AdWords and the Conversion Blind Spot See More Whitepapers Webcasts Creative is Complicated: Tips for better brand/agency collaboration 5 Disruptions Reshaping Marketing As We Know It Integrated Marketing Analytics: Creating a single source of data truth See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Subscribe Search Engine Land Annual Report Google: We removed 1.7 billion "bad ads" last year It's Baaaaack! Google Dance returns to SMX West in March Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Everything you need to know about SEO, delivered every Thursday. SUBSCRIBE Do organic keyword rankings matter anymore? With all the ways search engine results pages have evolved over the years, columnist Julian Connors explores the question of whether SEO is still a wise investment. Julian Connors on January 26, 2017 at 11:58 am More High keyword rankings are the most sought-after achievement in the world of search engine optimization (SEO). Small businesses and brands alike strive to obtain the first organic listing in search results because of the lucrative traffic and lead opportunities that are associated with this position. But with the evolution of paid advertising and expansion of universal search, as well as Google’s continuous efforts to provide consumers with content that resolves their demands directly in search results, the opportunities attached to traditional keyword rankings are diminishing at an alarming rate. In today’s search landscape, SEOs and digital marketing specialists have to consider whether it’s worth the amount of time and resources it takes to achieve premier organic rankings, considering the click-through rates (CTR) associated with organic rankings that are positioned under PLAs, local results and other forms of content. Keyword rankings aren’t the only way to connect to online customers There was a time not too long ago when achieving the first organic position on Google was one of the only ways to attract new online customers to a website without having to invest in paid advertising or e-mail marketing. Ten years ago, the world was just warming up to the power of social media and its influence on the World Wide Web. Back then, most consumers were just starting to become aware of YouTube’s marketing power, Facebook was starting to open itself up to audiences outside of college students, and blogging was just starting to become mainstream, as everyone from CNN to Mashable began investing in new, niche content in the form of top lists and how-to articles. Because of this boom in social connectivity, businesses and brands suddenly had access to free channels that were viable for attracting new business to their websites. In 2017, there are thousands of social media platforms to join, millions of user-generated content forums, and approximately 320 million blogs around the world (up from 260 million in 2015). Today, it’s rare to find a local business or brand that isn’t connected to an established directory host like Yelp or TripAdvisor, whose own online credibility is so impressive that it allows their less authoritative clients to rank well within organic results. New niche environments allow businesses to focus on conversions, not site traffic When companies and brands were only able to connect with new customers through organic rankings, it made sense to invest a significant amount of time and resources to build thousands of links and cram keywords into a particular website to increase visibility. Now that there are thousands of free channels that cater to niche demographics with specific interests, it’s easier than ever for brands to identify relevant environments that can be targeted for conversions. The online landscape of today allows businesses and brands to focus on maximizing qualified conversions, rather than trying to gain as much traffic as possible with the hopes that a particular portion is going to convert into a sale. One of the problems with keyword rankings is that any consumer can click through to a website and immediately leave because the title tag and meta description didn’t align with the content of its associated landing page. Ranking first on Google does not mean that every visitor is going to turn into a paying customer because of how limited keywords are for understanding granular details associated with online consumers. Social media and other niche online communities trump the value of keyword rankings because they serve as natural environments for like-minded users with specific interests to hang out in, consuming new forms of hyper-focused content that keep them returning. Because of how easy it is today for businesses to build strong social media followings, basic engagement can improve everything from brand awareness and online reputation to traffic and revenue. Keyword rankings lack the power of social media because they are not proactive means of engagement, and they don’t necessarily connect brands with the type of qualified traffic that exists and is readily available in communities like Reddit or Instagram. Google is crushing the desire to achieve premier keyword rankings It’s always important to keep in mind that Google is a business; they are not just a convenient means for finding information or purchasing products. Recognizing that Google is a business that competes in a free market where consumers have options, it is their goal to become an all-inclusive destination that provides an experience that is so fulfilling, it keeps consumers returning to their search engine. Local results bury traditional rankings Google’s focus on providing content that displays local options for consumers to consider has diminished the power of premier keyword rankings for some industries which were appearing at the very top of search listings, only to now be buried beneath the fold. Sponsored ads blend with organic results Product listing ads and the inclusion of a fourth paid search ad for certain highly commercial queries have pushed organic results down the page even further, which significantly reduces the CTR of each organic position. Considering that the first organic position on Google commanded a 31 percent CTR in 2014 and the fourth position garnered a 7 percent CTR, it’s clear that today’s blended search results pages may render top organic results that are not nearly as powerful for driving site traffic as they used to be. Free products, direct answers & featured snippets diminish consumers’ need to engage in site content The ability for Google to resolve consumer demands without having to enter a particular website continues to increase, as there are more free products, definitions and featured snippets appearing every day. Informational websites that depend on attracting a tremendous amount of traffic in order to maintain their ad rates are at the mercy of featured snippets, which provide users with immediate answers whenever they search with specific questions. Featured snippets also push traditional rankings below the fold, which may negatively affect CTR. Why keyword rankings are still important for success Although all of the points made against the effort it takes to build premier keyword rankings are valid, it is still important for businesses and brands to actively strive for premier organic rankings. Despite diminished visibility and CTR within particular types of search listings, organic rankings remain one of the most powerful entrances for brands to connect with new customers. SEOs and digital marketing specialists can maximize their traffic and conversion opportunities through keyword rankings by creating quality content around niche concepts and phrases that their target audience uses or searches for. This allows brands to increase their monthly traffic and receive qualified conversions based on the type of consumer research that guides their content development efforts. Like anything else with digital marketing, the formula for achieving success is to maintain a campaign that combines social media, paid advertising, SEO and other relevant channels. Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Julian Connors Julian Connors, President at SEO Without Borders, is an experienced search marketing manager who has developed complex, wide-scale search and social campaigns for brands that include: P&G, Duracell, Dickies, Staples, and more. A published author on the concept of "Social SEO," Connors contributes to a number of recognized publications and speaks at digital marketing conferences throughout the country. Related Topics All Things SEO ColumnChannel: SEOGoogle: OneBox, Plus Box & Direct AnswersGoogle: SEOGoogle: Web SearchSEO - Search Engine OptimizationSEO: General Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers Data for Retailers The Ultimate App Personalization Playbook I have 50,000+ email subscribers…now what? The Facebook Playbook for Call Conversions Google AdWords and the Conversion Blind Spot See More Whitepapers Webcasts Creative is Complicated: Tips for better brand/agency collaboration 5 Disruptions Reshaping Marketing As We Know It Integrated Marketing Analytics: Creating a single source of data truth See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Log In | Become a Member | Contact Us Leading printing executives into the future Connect on Twitter | Facebook | LinkedIn Home Economics Wide Format Labels & Packaging Print Software Webinars White Papers Report Store Jobs News Commentary & Analysis Data Analysis Video Center Merger & Acquisitions Featured:     The Uber-ization of Web-to-Print     Printing Business Outlook 2017 Report     European Coverage     Production Inkjet Analysis AF&PA Elects New Chair, Announces Officers at Winter Board of Directors Meeting  Friday, January 27, 2017 Press release from the issuing company Clearwater Paper Corporation’s Linda Massman Named Board Chair  WASHINGTON, DC – The American Forest & Paper Association (AF&PA) announced the election of Clearwater Paper Corporation President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Linda Massman as the new AF&PA Board Chair and released the 2017 slate of AF&PA Board officers. Top industry leaders participated in the association’s Winter Board of Directors Meeting in Washington on January 26.  “The American Forest & Paper Association Board represents preeminent industry talent and vision, and I am honored to lead our members in accomplishing our key advocacy priorities for the coming year,” said Massman. “Our agenda targets regulatory reform, comprehensive tax reform, transportation efficiency measures and trade policy. On all, we will provide ideas for forward-thinking policy improvements that allow our businesses to compete at home and around the globe.”   A distinguished industry leader, Massman was elected as Clearwater Paper's Chief Executive Officer in 2013 after serving as the company’s President and Chief Operating Officer since 2011 and Chief Financial Officer from 2008 to 2011. Before joining Clearwater Paper, Massman served as Group Vice President of Finance and Corporate Planning for SUPERVALU Inc. and as a business strategy consultant forAccenture. Prior to being elected chair of the AF&PA Board, Massman served as Vice Chair and as AF&PA PAC Co-Chair. AF&PA President and CEO Donna Harman said, “Under Massman’sleadership, we are ensuring policymakers in Washington, D.C. and state capitals across the country understand the needs of our industry. With 900,000 employees in familywage jobs in large and small communities across 45 states, our U.S. manufacturing operations and our products are a foundation of American daily life.  Our industry’s contributions to our nation grow even brighter when efficient and effective regulatory, tax, transportation and trade policies unleash our ability to invest, innovate and compete wherever we are located.” Also elected as officers are Evergreen Packaging Inc. President & CEO John Rooney (first vice chair) and Greif, Inc. President & CEO Peter Watson (second vice chair). Packaging Corporation of America Chair & CEO Mark Kowlzan will serve as immediate past chair. Beginning new terms as AF&PA Board members in 2017 are Michael Doss, Graphic Packaging International, Inc.; Peter Watson, Grief, Inc.; James Morgan, Interstate Resources; Matthew Kaplan, KapStone Paper and Packaging Corporation; Richard McLeod, The Procter & Gamble Company; Philip Rundle, Rolland Enterprises Inc.; Colin Moseley, Simpson Lumber Company, LLC; Christopher DiSantis, Verso Corporation; and Steven Voorhees, WestRock Company. The AF&PA Board of Directors currently consists of 21 top industry leaders who represent a broad spectrum of companies in the paper and wood products manufacturing sector.      Tweet       Email    Print    Order Reprints   Post a Comment To post a comment Log In or Become a Member, doing so is simple and free   Industry News Dscoop Announces Education Sessions at Dscoop Phoenix Deluxe Reports Fourth Quarter 2016 Financial Results Agfa Graphics Adds Account Managers in Canada  New INX International Ink Co. expansion in Charlotte impacts production on four continents AF&PA Elects New Chair, Announces Officers at Winter Board of Directors Meeting  Printing Industries of America Announces the 2016 Robert F. Reed  Technology Medal Recipient Nilpeter reaches milestone with production of the 100th FP-4 flatbed unit for hot foil and embossing All Today's Industry News » SHARE Email Tweet Print Video EFI and Konica Minolta: A Solid Partnership Frank on RIT Professor Frank Cost's Contact Print Book Change Management in Print MIS Workflow Integration Delivers Near Lights Out Cut Sheet Workflow at the World Bank GAM Graphics & Marketing Opens New Markets with Superwide Format Printing Frank Mallozzi Reports on EFI Connect 2017 More Video » WhatTheyThink Job Board Route Sales Driver at Bottcher America in Ohio & Kentucky Area IT DATA / DIGITAL PRINT SPECIALIST at Mail Movers in Salisbury, MD Project Manager of Certification Programs at IDEALLIANCE in Alexandria, VA Production Assistant at Rescigno's in Bridgeview, IL Technical Sales at Splice Solutions Inc. in Mid West View More Jobs Recent Blog Posts Customer Experience 2.0 (Digital Nirvana) 25 Tips for Successful Content Marketing (Digital Nirvana) Unemployment Rate Steady at 6.3%; Data Imply Stabilizing Labor Market (Dr. Joe) What is Responsive Web Design? (Digital Nirvana) Digital Print Quality Issue: Punch, Counterpunch (Digital Nirvana) Are Younger Designers Unaware of Local Printing and Support? (Digital Nirvana) More » Recent Webinars January Economic Update: The 2017 Economy, Print and the Emerging Third Media Wave December Economic Update: 2017 US Economy Outlook and Commercial Printing Forecast Post-Election Economic Webinar Tricks of the Trade in Workflow Automation More Webinars » Become a Member Join the thousands of printing executives who are already part of the WhatTheyThink Community. Log in or register to access your WhatTheyThink Account Help & Member Center Contact Us Member Center About About WhatTheyThink Syndication and News Licensing Reprints Sponsorship Submit Your News Privacy Policy Terms WhatTheyThink Services Consulting Research Speakers Bureau Economic Advisory Service Corporate Membership   Copyright © 2017 WhatTheyThink. All Rights Reserved    
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Main Menu Facial Care Market: Asia-Pacific Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth | Trends and Forecast 2024 27 January 2017Military News Transparency Market Research, in a report titled “Facial Care Market – Asia-Pacific Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2013 – 2019,” states that the Asia Pacific facial care market is poised to expand at a 6.90% CAGR from 2013 to 2019, rising to a value of US$39.7 bn by the end of the forecast period. Facial care market in Asia-Pacific is the largest and fastest growing market under the Skin Care Market. Facial care comprises of almost 70% of the skin care market revenue and is expected to grow exponentially in the coming years. This growth can be attributed to introduction of diversified products such as anti-ageing creams, BB creams, moisturizers, skin toners, cleansing wipes, masks & serums, and others. This has given consumers wider discretions and thus helped increase the penetration level of personal and facial care products. The market growth is further augmented by increased awareness about the facial care products and the entry of new multinationals, which has made facial care products more easily visible and accessible for the consumer. Get PDF Sample for Professional and Technical Insights at www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… The Asia-Pacific facial care market is primarily driven by the growing popularity of multi-functional products, and widening horizon of distribution network and channels. Additionally, growing demand for fairness products, increased focus on advertising, and consumer life style changes, are some of the identifiable factors supporting the growth of the facial care market in the Asia-Pacific region during the forecast period. The growing online retailing and the regular introduction of new product segments especially for men consumer group, are serving as new opportunities for the Asia-Pacific facial care market. Driven by impact of all the above-mentioned factors, the Asia-Pacific facial care market is expected to record growth at a CAGR of 6.9% during the period 2013 to 2019. The market is dominated by China owing to the huge population size and economic prosperity of the nation which directly affects the consumption demand. Of the different product types, skin whitening and anti-ageing constituted the largest segment in 2012. The fairness cream market in Asia-Pacific is experiencing strong demand due to enhanced awareness driven by larger penetration of media and also due to rise in consumer disposable income. The fairness cream market is poised for further growth aided by the increase in organized retailing and growing demand from the men’s segment. Men’s consumer group segment is expected to grow at the fastest growth rate from 2013 to 2019. The shift in trend can be attributed to reasons such as men becoming savvy consumers of skin care, and seeking ways to look and feel better. Among the retail distribution channels, non store-based retailing is expected to grow at the fastest growth rate due to the increasing internet penetration and the social networking sites where the manufacturers put their advertisements of their products. Out of the four major countries of Asia Pacific considered in the report, namely – China, Japan, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Hong Kong, South Korea, Thailand and Oceania (New Zealand and Australia). China holds majority of the market share followed by Japan and India. Many Chinese consumers prefer Western Luxury brands, and a youthful beauty-driven consumer demographic is fuelling demand for skin care products. Large multinational players dominate the Asia-Pacific facial care market. Dominant players are participating in mergers and acquisitions to maintain their position in the market. Key Asia-Pacific players active in the facial care market are L’Oreal S.A, Unilever Ltd., and Shiseido Co. Ltd., The Procter and Gamble Company, Estee Lauder Company Ltd., Johnson and Johnson Ltd., Kose Corporation, and Kao Corporation among others. About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. US Office Contact 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. Posted Under Uncategorized Tagged Business, Economy, Finances, Banking & Insurance company intelligence major Post navigation Microbial Seed Treatment Market Global Industry Analysis, Trends and Forecast, 2015-2025 Kitron: Invitation to Capital Markets Day Search Search for: Recent Posts Shanghai Disney Resort Marks its First Chinese New Year with Guests from Home and Abroad Travelniq Is Changing the Way People Travel Terror Attack Like Those In Fort Lauderdale Airport Could Be Avoided Ziv’s workout announce extreme heat resistant 932?F BBQ gloves Deep Discounts Available Now on Hearth & Home Products at Wallingford’s Colonial Flooring America Copyright © 2017 Military Technologies. Proudly powered by WordPress. | Theme: Awaken by ThemezHut.
Right now Today's high Today's low Full weather report Full traffic report Homicide Weather Traffic Newsletters Go Skip to Main Window News Business Breaking News California Crime Education Environment Local Local Elections Lottery Results Nation and World Politics Transportation Sports Angels Clippers College Columnists Dodgers Ducks Football Golf High School High School Football Kings Lakers Motorsports Olympics Rams Soccer UCLA USC Entertainment Celebrities Comics Dining Dining Directory Events Games Horoscopes Movies & TV Music Theater Lifestyle Food Health Hiking Home + Garden Religion Travel Obituaries Obituaries Place an Obituary Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Editorial Board Endorsements The Cannifornian Marketplace Special Sections Readers Choice Classified Directory Jobs Local Ads Place An Ad Real Estate Weekly Ads Services Subscriber Services Subscribe e-Edition Contact us Share Your News Work for Us Mobile apps Email Newsletter Sign up Submit Ad # Twitter Reddit Pinterest ... Email Print Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tweet Follow @https://twitter.com/ladailynews Home â News â Crime â Homicide Porsche belonging to hairdresser fatally stabbed in Woodland Hills found A local news crew reports from a house in Woodland Hills on Tuesday, Jan. 24, 2017. Homicide detectives are investigating the death of Fabio Sementilli, an internationally known hairdresser and beauty company executive found beaten and stabbed outside his home. Police say paramedics found Sementilli bleeding profusely Monday afternoon at the gated house in the upscale Woodland Hills neighborhood. The 49-year-old suffered multiple stab wounds and died at the scene. AP Photo/Richard Vogel/File By City News Service Posted: 01/26/17, 3:39 PM PST | Updated: 1 day ago # Comments Hairstylist and Wella trainer Fabio Sementilli was stabbed to death Monday, Jan. 23, 2017, at his Woodland Hills home. His Porsche 911 Carrera was reported missing. Investigators announced they recovered the car on Thursday, Jan. 26, 2017. Photo courtesy Wella/Coty WOODLAND HILLS >> Investigators have recovered a Porsche belonging to a beauty company executive who was fatally stabbed at his Woodland Hills home and are hoping it yields evidence that leads to his killer. Paramedics sent to the 5000 block of Queen Victoria Road shortly after 5 p.m. Monday on a medical emergency call pronounced Fabio Sementilli, 49, dead at the scene. The paramedics found the Canadian-born hair stylist in a pool of blood in the outdoor patio area and contacted the Los Angeles Police Department’s Topanga Division. Homicide detectives determined that Sementilli had suffered several stab wounds to his neck and upper body, police said. The victim’s black 2008 Porsche 911 Carrera, which had paper plates, was missing. Police confirmed Thursday afternoon that the vehicle had been recovered, but no details about when and where it was found were made available. Sementilli was an established hairdresser who served as vice president of education for Wella, the salon professional division of Proctor and Gamble, according to Salon Today magazine. Anyone with information on the crime was urged to call homicide detectives at 818-374-1925, or 877-LAPD-247. Click here to subscribe to Digital & Home Delivery - 50% off Related Hairdresser found dead in Woodland Hills, and his Porsche is missing Top Stories ‹ › MOST POPULAR Day Week News Sports Biz A&E Email Life Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LA Daily News Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Feed Copyright © LA Daily News Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map Arbitration Digital First Media
Today: January 28, 2017, 10:36 am ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES Your current selected language is German Click below to switsch to English ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES ﻿ Business Saatchi & Saatchi wins HSBC global brand account PR-Inside.com: 2017-01-26 09:02:02 Saatchi & Saatchi London 40 Chancery Lane London WC2A 1JA Press Release   Under Strict Embargo Until: Date: For immediate release 26th January 2017   Saatchi & Saatchi wins HSBC global brand account   Saatchi & Saatchi has replaced JWT as the lead agency on HSBC's global brand advertising account following a competitive pitch.   The agency will now develop and launch a new brand positioning for the business, which will be rolled out in multichannel communications across the world, including HSBC's iconic global airports portfolio.   Saatchi & Saatchi London led a Publicis Communications team for the win, bringing in capabilities from across Publicis Groupe agencies including DigitasLBi and MSL Group. Specialists from across the Groupe will now sit together as an integrated team on the business, based in the new Saatchi & Saatchi offices at 40 Chancery Lane.   Saatchi & Saatchi has been on the HSBC advertising roster since 2012, when it was appointed to the HSBC Premier and Sponsorship accounts, before adding responsibility for HSBC's Jade, Asset Management and Insurance briefs.   Magnus Djaba, Global President of Saatchi & Saatchi and CEO of Saatchi & Saatchi London, said: "HSBC is at the forefront of change in the fast moving financial services sector and we are delighted and proud to have been chosen to help them deliver that message to global consumers."   ENDS   About Saatchi & Saatchi (SSF Group) Saatchi & Saatchi London is known for its strength in creating Loyalty Beyond Reason for its clients' brands, creating powerful and profitable relationships by improving the quality and quantity of conversations that take place about these brands. Saatchi & Saatchi's clients include Asda, EE, Kerry Foods, HSBC, Procter & Gamble, Toyota and Visa.  The Saatchi & Saatchi network has 130 offices in 70 countries and 6,500 employees. Saatchi & Saatchi London is part of the SSF Group, a mini group within the Publicis Groupe that unites Saatchi & Saatchi and Fallon. For more information, visit www.saatchi.co.uk.    Press Contact: Georgia Wright  PR Director - London and International  Mobile: +44 7932 764 557 georgia.wright@saatchi.co.uk       This announcement is distributed by Nasdaq Corporate Solutions on behalf of Nasdaq Corporate Solutions clients. The issuer of this announcement warrants that they are solely responsible for the content, accuracy and originality of the information contained therein. Source: Publicis Groupe via Globenewswire # 735 Words Related Articles More From The Author CapMan to publish its Financial Statements Bulletin [..] CapMan Plc Stock Exchange Release        26 January 2017 at 9.30 a.m. EET CapMan to publish its Financial Statements Bulletin [..] Global advantages of Fairfax County is theme [..] The Fairfax County Economic Development Authority : “Think Global Expansion, Think Fairfax County, USA” will be the theme [..] Wells Fargo Names Jafar Amin Regional President [..] Wells Fargo & Company : “We continue to grow our business in Asia by providing our corporate, commercial and financial [..] Smiths Detection’s HI-SCAN 6040aTiX X-Ray System Achieves [..] Random searches of air travellers’ cabin luggage will soon be a thing of the past for airports using Smiths Detection’s [..] MURPHY OIL CORPORATION ANNOUNCES PRELIMINARY FOURTH QUARTER [..] EL DORADO, Arkansas, January 25, 2017 - Murphy Oil Corporation (NYSE: MUR) today announced its preliminary financial and operating [..]   More From Business Soraya (Morgan) Gutman TEDx Talk Released Soraya (Morgan) Gutman, president–executive services at Brand Launcher, Baltimore, Maryland, presented a TEDx Talk in Wilmington, [..] Ghost White Toner is first time exhibitor [..] Spring Fair is UK"s No. 1 event for Gifts and Home trade attracting creative business owners, buyers and designers from [..] HOME GB Trading�/ Agricultural and Farming Machinery provide a range of new and used agricultural tractors, machinery plant and much [..] HIH Insurance Australia newly resurrected The new HIH insurance Australia will be in operation later this year. It will primarely be a brokerage company using [..] Rehm presents innovations at IPC APEX EXPO "Turn toward the future" - IPC APEX EXPO invites specialist visitors to San Diego, California from 14 to 16 February [..] Disclaimer: If you have any questions regarding information in this press release please contact the company added in the press release. Please do not contact pr-inside. We will not be able to assist you. PR-inside disclaims the content included in this release. ﻿ Home Sign Up! New Press Release Categories Terms Of Service Privacy About Us Contact Us                
