Skip to content × Search Search Search ✔ BayToday.ca ✔ Classifieds ✔ Google Search site × 11.5 °Cforecast > Home Local Local News More Local Northern Ontario Local Sports City Police Beat OPP Beat Weather NORM - Northern Ontario Rate Market Announcements Obituaries In Memoriam Births Weddings and Engagements Anniversaries Graduations Careers Lost and Found Pets Notices and Tenders Classifieds All Listings Today's Ads Create or Manage your FREE Account Post a Classified (FREE) Your Ads National National News National Business National Entertainment Automotive National Sports National Hockey Columns The Doctor Game Perspectives Penny wise Genealogy In Action The Aboriginal Beat This Should Work with Bruce MacNab Wine All the Time Aisle Seat Remember This? Financial Literacy Debbie Travis' House to Home Everything King (with Wendy King) Entertainment Entertainment News Movie Showtimes & Trailers Horoscopes Lottery Results Crosswords Comics Shop Local Flyers Gas Prices Garage Sales Home More Local P & G Auto takes tires off the road to help make children's dreams come true 'Some of the problems we think are big, are nothing compared to what they're going through' Darrell Pitman, P & G Auto 0 Jun 2, 2017 6:04 PM by: Linda Holmes Updated Jun 2, 2017 10:05 PM Previous Next 1 / 1 P & G Auto accepts old tires to raise money for the Sunshine Foundation Expand Previous Next In 2013, Darrell Pitman, owner of P & G Auto, volunteered on a Sunshine Foundation Dreamlift. The Sunshine Foundation of Canada helps make dreams come true for children living with severe physical disabilities or life-threatening illnesses. That morning a plane full of excited youngsters left Toronto for a quick one day trip to Disney World with Pitman on board. He still keeps in touch with one of the Sunshine children he helped on that trip.   "For most of them, it's their first time away from their parents. It was an amazing experience," said Pitman. "Some of the problems we think are big, are nothing compared to what they're going through, and they get so much out of that small trip to Florida."    The Sunshine Foundation is a charitable organization that relies heavily on donations. This is the eighth year for the 'OARA Tire Take Back' fundraising initiative. For the past few weeks, the Ontario Automotive Recyclers Association along with Ontario Tire Stewardship, encouraged people to drop off their used tires free of charge, at participating locations. Pitman said for each tired dropped off, OTS donates one dollar to the Sunshine Foundation. "We put them in a pile and then they're picked up by one of the tire haulers." Pitman pointed out the tires are all recycled. "Mulch for your garden is made from scrap tires now, they make some kind of shingles, rubber mats, stuff like that."   Pitman said 10 years ago the tires would be piled up, and when it rained, the standing water would become a breeding ground for mosquitoes. Back then when enough tires were collected, they would be disposed of at the landfill.   Jeff Serran's family has been dropping off old tires off at P & G, taking advantage of the fundraiser for years. Serran likes that it benefits both children and the environment. "Not only are you making a difference for the people that need the services, but it's helping protect our environment so it's here for future generations," said Serran. Friday was the last day to drop off tires. At the end of each campaign P & G holds a community fundraising barbecue. Pitman expects to donate roughly $4,000 from this year's event. Over the years his business has diverted nearly 4,500 tires from the landfill while managing to raise close to $9,400 for the Sunshine Foundation. See a typo/mistake? Have a story/tip? 0 Shares Facebook Twitter Email Text Comments More More Local Le Fromage Country Market opens in Verner Special Olympics mini putt A microchip, the size of a grain of rice, is sometimes all it takes to reunite a lost pet with its owner Visit our homepage > Latest Poll Is Premier Wynne's proposed $15 minimum wage good or bad for the province? view related story Good Bad Unsure Vote results > archives > Local Local News More Local Northern Ontario Local Sports City Police Beat OPP Beat Weather NORM - Northern Ontario Rate Market Announcements Obituaries In Memoriam Births Weddings and Engagements Anniversaries Graduations Careers Lost and Found Pets Notices and Tenders Classifieds All Listings Today's Ads Create or Manage your FREE Account Post a Classified (FREE) Your Ads National National News National Business National Entertainment Automotive National Sports National Hockey Columns Perspectives Penny wise Genealogy In Action The Aboriginal Beat Financial Literacy Entertainment Entertainment News Movie Showtimes & Trailers Horoscopes Lottery Results Crosswords Comics Shop Local Flyers Gas Prices Garage Sales About Advertising Terms of Service Privacy About Contact Village Media Visit our network of sites: BarrieToday.com BayToday.ca GuelphToday.com SooToday.com TimminsToday.com Partner sites: Sudbury.com TBNewsWatch.com Manitoulin.ca Local Xpress © 2017 BayToday.ca
Shop-O-Matic Lifestyle Shop-O-Matic Freebie Friday: Free doughnuts for National Donut Day; free movies; storm supply savings during tax holiday Here’s 10 wet and wild ways to save on summer fun, not only during Memorial Day weekend, but through August. Here’s 10 wet and wild ways to save on summer fun, not only during Memorial Day weekend, but through August. Doreen ChristensenContact ReporterSun Sentinel Freebie Friday: Celebrate National Donut Day with free doughnuts at Krisy Kreme Dunkin' Donuts and others. Privacy Policy Happy Freebie Friday! It's National Donut Day and you can celebrate the holey holiday with free doughnuts at Dunkin' Donuts, Krispy Kreme and other spots. Also, we've entered hurricane season, and it's predicted to be a busy one with five to nine named storms. Prepare and save on storm supplies during Florida's 2017 Disaster Preparedness Sales Tax Holiday through Sunday. Also, school's out and summer fun's in. Check my list of 50 free and cheap things to do, from free movies to spa treatments to museum visits. Have a great weekend and keep on saving! Connect with me: "Like" Doreen's Deals on Facebook; follow Doreen Christensen on Twitter, Facebook and GooglePlus; sign up for my Freebie Friday Newsletter. FREEBIES Free doughnuts for National Donut Day on Friday Free $10 movie tickets with purchase of P&G products at Publix Free tax on eligible hurricane supplies during Florida's 2017 Disaster Preparedness Sales Tax Holiday, expires Sunday Free and cheap summer fun for everyone Free Summer Savings Card offers BOGO deals at 65+ attractions, restaurants Free $5 gift card with Target food purchase by texting MEAT to 827438 Free movie rental on Google Play from Orville Redenbacher Free entry at Flagler Museum on Monday Free museum visits on Saturday-Sunday from Bank of America Free Orlando theme park tickets and hotel deals just for teachers Free swim lessons for children in Broward and Palm Beach counties Free saltwater and freshwater fishing days in June Free museum visits for military families with Blue Star Museum Program Free and discounted movies for military families with Blue Star theater program Doreen Christensen Friday is a holey holiday as we celebrate National Donut Day with free sweet treats at participating locations. Dunkin' Donuts: Get a free classic doughnut with any beverage purchase. Try the new Vanilla Cake Batter Donut with cake batter filling frosted with chocolate icing and confetti sprinkles.... Friday is a holey holiday as we celebrate National Donut Day with free sweet treats at participating locations. Dunkin' Donuts: Get a free classic doughnut with any beverage purchase. Try the new Vanilla Cake Batter Donut with cake batter filling frosted with chocolate icing and confetti sprinkles.... (Doreen Christensen) Free custom Disney Family cling decal Free 90-day membership at BJ's Wholesale Club Free appetizer at BJ's Restaurant and Brewhouse; expires June 17 Free book for kids with Barnes & Noble summer reading program Free sub with purchase at Jersey Mike's; expires June 15 Free $10 gift cards with $20 purchase at Publix; expires July 31 Free 8-by-10 portrait sheet for military at JC Penney; expires July 11 Free tickets for military families at SeaWorld and Busch Gardens Beauty goodies for men and women include free waxing services at European Wax Center, free Burberry fragrance samples, gifts for your birthday, beauty boxes and Sephora makeup classes.  (Doreen Christensen) Free entry for four at Frost Science Museum, Vizcaya, with library card Free waxing at European Wax Center Free $5 gift card instantly with purchase of P&G products at Publix Free samples of Breathe Right Nasal Strips Free Sawgrass Mills coupon books with hundreds in savings Free kids' meals at Chili's; expires Sunday Free ropes course for graduates with tassel at Xtreme Action Park Free month of DirecTV Now with code ROKU1MONTH; expires Aug. 31 Free samples of Starbucks K-Cups Free bowling games from GoBowling.com Free samples of Nexcare bandages Free bottle of Nestea Free $10 gift cards with Publix rewards programs Freebies, discounts on tickets for Miami Marlins Free extra 3 months of Google Express with code GETDELIVERY Free DC Super Hero Girls Wonder Woman Day Special Edition #1 comic book Free Atkins Quick-Start Kit and $5 off coupon Free Kind Bar for your friends Free $10 Nordstrom gift card with rewards signup; expires July 9 Free sample of TRESemme shampoo Free drinks, side items at Steak 'n Shake; expires June 11 Free movie tickets from AT&T at Cinemark, AMC and Regal The votes are in as fans of Trader Joe's picked the top products in the chain's 8th Annual Customer Choice Awards. The California-based grocery chain stocks more than 3,000 private-label brands and enjoys a cultlike following. (Doreen Christensen) Free sunglasses with Skittles purchase; expires June 27 Free water bottle, cinch sack from Jolly Time Popcorn Free burger with text signup at Checkers Free summer Walmart Beauty Box stuffed with products and samples Free movie ticket from General Mills cereal; expires Oct. 31 Free Noosa yogurt Free 4-inch sub with app download at Quiznos Free side salad with app download at Blaze Fast Fire'd Pizza Free entree with purchase at P.F. Chang's Free queso and burrito at Moe's Southwest Grill Doreen Christensen Beat the summer heat and help young children stay safe with free swim lessons offered in Broward and Palm Beach counties. In Broward County, sign up at WaterSmartBroward.org  to get a coupon by mail good for the free lessons for children aged 6 months to 4 years. The site lists vendors offering... Beat the summer heat and help young children stay safe with free swim lessons offered in Broward and Palm Beach counties. In Broward County, sign up at WaterSmartBroward.org  to get a coupon by mail good for the free lessons for children aged 6 months to 4 years. The site lists vendors offering... (Doreen Christensen) Free lipstick from Mac Cosmetics Free $7.99 Schwarzkopf Gliss hair repair product; expires Dec. 31 Free Schwarzkopf hair color product; expires Dec. 31 Free sample of Albolene Eye Makeup Remover Free Salonpas pain relief patches Free sample of LivRelief Pain Cream Free concert tickets from Ticketmaster.com Free tickets, discounts to stage performances from GoldStar.com Free 1-hour GoGo In-Flight Wi-Fi, texting for T-Mobile customers Free ice cream cone from Baskin-Robbins by texting SCOOP to 31310 Free pet exam at VCA Animal Hospital Free eats and dining discounts from AARP Free facial at Aveda retail stores Free $49 Amazon Prime Student membership for college kids Free 30-day trial of Amazon Prime Video Free Oxy On-The-Go Acne Stick rebate; expires Oct. 31 Free Red Bull Energy Drink at Walgreens; expires June 14 Free Right-Guard antiperspirant rebate; expires June 15 Free 1 month of service or free $150 Apple TV from DirecTV Now Free $50 Roku Streaming Stick from SlingTV Free 30-day trial of HBO, Cinemax from Amazon Prime Free $20 parenting book from Publix Baby Club Free Consumer Action Handbook from USA.gov Free 6-inch sub with purchase at Subway, with signup Free Redbox DVD rental by texting FREEBIE to 727272 Free Angie's List membership Free 12-month Lego Club magazine for kids Free lens cloth and glass cleaner from Wal-Mart Vision Centers Free game tokens from Chuck E. Cheese's e-Club Free 1,200 photo prints per year with free Snapfish mobile app Doreen Christensen We’ll be seeing a lot more red in the Miami Design District now that famed French luxury designer Christian Louboutin has opened a new Florida flagship boutique. The designer who creates those wildly expensive and beautiful shoes with the striking red soles celebrated on Tuesday the opening of... We’ll be seeing a lot more red in the Miami Design District now that famed French luxury designer Christian Louboutin has opened a new Florida flagship boutique. The designer who creates those wildly expensive and beautiful shoes with the striking red soles celebrated on Tuesday the opening of... (Doreen Christensen) RETAIL COUPONS & DEALS 20 percent off at Kohl's; expires Sunday 20 percent off at Macy's; expires Wednesday 20 percent off at JC Penney; expires Saturday 20 percent off at  Lord & Taylor; expires Wednesday June Target Beauty Boxes for men and women for $7 20 percent off at Beall's Florida; expires Saturday 50 percent off at A.C. Moore; expires Saturday 40 percent off at Michaels $25 off furniture purchase at IKEA $5 off mobile coupon at The Home Depot 20 percent off at Ulta Beauty; expires Saturday $20 off at HSN using Visa Checkout 40 percent off at Jo-Ann Fabric; expires Saturday Earn 125 Starbucks stars with purchase of K-Cups and bottled drinks 50 percent off two Uber rides from Chase $5 off at BJ's Wholesale Club with free membership; expires July 31 25 cents off per gallon of gas with product purchase at BJ's Wholesale Club; expires July 5 $10 off at Lane Bryant by texting MOBILE to 552255 $20 off at Festival Flea Market Mall; expires June 30 $10 off grocery pickup service at Wal-Mart 20 percent off at Bed, Bath and Beyond Walgreens paperless coupons Costco Wholesale coupons  Target Cartwheel coupons with app download Whole Foods Market app digital coupons Doreen Christensen Get a free entree when you buy one at P.F. Chang's. Sign up by email for a limited time to get a coupon for a buy-one-get-one-free main entree or salad at your favorite location when dining in. Print or show the coupon on your smartphone. You'll also be opting in to receive promotional emails. ... Get a free entree when you buy one at P.F. Chang's. Sign up by email for a limited time to get a coupon for a buy-one-get-one-free main entree or salad at your favorite location when dining in. Print or show the coupon on your smartphone. You'll also be opting in to receive promotional emails. ... (Doreen Christensen) CONSUMER NEWS May restaurant and retail roundup How to stop annoying robocalls 7 hacks to get free flights and avoid fees on Spirit Airlines Amazon offers free shipping with $25 purchase Target raises free shipping rate by $10 Groupon trade-in offer for Groupon Bucks Trader Joe's tops Publix in Consumer Reports grocery store survey Bust dirt and grime with DIY green cleaning products Wal-Mart offers pickup discounts with online orders How to easily save energy to lower FPL power bills Palm Beach socialite shares thrift-store shopping secrets Spring and summer travel: How to get the cheapest deals on airfare Wawa opens three South Florida locations Winn-Dixie replaces Fuelperks! with Plenti rewards AmazonFresh delivering fresh groceries to South Florida doorsteps Comparing unlimited data plans from the "Big Four" carriers Verizon offers unlimited data plan Earn gift cards galore with Publix rewards programs News for cable and satellite TV cord cutters How to save $1,400 with the 52-Week Money Challenge Sip craft brews and wine while shopping for organics at Lucky's Market How to protect yourself from identity theft while shopping online Save on cosmetics with drug store swaps, beauty hacks Save big bucks on groceries at Aldi Expert rates Trader Joe's, Whole Foods cheap wines Free two-day shipping from Wal-Mart on millions of items Doreen Christensen It's been a long school year and hard-working teachers have earned some fun as school lets out and summer kicks off. Teachers planning upcoming Memorial Day weekend getaways or summer vacations can use their school IDs to get free entry at several Orlando theme parks and attractions, and save on... It's been a long school year and hard-working teachers have earned some fun as school lets out and summer kicks off. Teachers planning upcoming Memorial Day weekend getaways or summer vacations can use their school IDs to get free entry at several Orlando theme parks and attractions, and save on... (Doreen Christensen) DINING DEALS & COUPONS Arby's: Free classic roast beef sandwich with purchase Buca di Beppo: $15 off $30 purchase; expires June 11 Checkers: Free burger with text signup Chili's: Free kids' meals; expires Sunday Cumberland Farms: Free doughnut on Friday Dunkin' Donuts: Free doughnut on Friday Dunkin' Donuts: Free beverage with rewards signup Denny's: 15 percent off with AARP card Friendly's: Free scoop and 25 percent off with rewards signup HoneyBaked Ham: Free Classic Ham sandwich Jersey Mike's: Free sub with purchase; expires June 15 Johnny Rockets: Free hamburgers and movie discounts Krispy Kreme: Free doughnut on Friday Krispy Kreme: BOGO doughnuts on Tuesdays Moe's Southwest Grill: Free queso and burrito Outback Steakhouse: 15 percent off for military families; expires July 4 Outback Steakhouse: 10 percent off with AARP card Panera Bread: Free pastry with rewards signup P.F. Chang's: Free entree with purchase, with email signup Quiznos: Free sub with download of Toasty Points loyalty app Red Robin: 35 percent off online orders with code YUMMM35 Steak 'n Shake: Free drinks, side items and coupons; expires June 11 T.G.I. Friday's: All-you-can-eat appetizers School's out and summer fun's in so let's get the party started with some free and cheap fun in and out of the South Florida sun. Here’s omre than 50 wet and wild ways to save all summer long. Click here to see a video. (Doreen Christensen) FREE AND DISCOUNTED THINGS TO DO 50 free and cheap ways to have summer sun Free museum visits on Saturday-Sunday from Bank of America Free museum visits for military families with Blue Star Museum Program Free movies for military families with Blue Star theater program Free National Parks Military Pass for military and families with ID Free admission for veterans, military, fire, police and EMT at Zoo Miami and half-off for up to 6 family members, through Friday Free entry for 4 at Frost Science Museum with Miami-Dade library card $8 films in June during Miami Film Month Free Summer Savings Card offers BOGO deals at 65 attractions, restaurants Freebies, discounts on tickets for Miami Marlins Unlimited trips to 4 attractions with Summer Savings Pass Unlimited visits to 5 attractions with South Florida Adventure Pass Free bowling games from GoBowling.com Free workshops at The Home Depot on Saturdays-Sundays Free guitar classes at Guitar Center on Saturdays Free concert tickets with purchase from Ticketmaster.com 25 percent off Regal e-movie tickets with AARP card Free and discounted tickets to performances from Goldstar.com Free entry for fourth-graders, families at U.S. National Parks Free classes and events at American Girl stores Free cooking classes at Williams Sonoma stores Doreen Christensen Step back in time to the Gilded Age and wander around Whitehall, Henry Flagler's palatial Palm Beach estate, for free on Monday. From noon to 5 p.m., entry fees will be waived on Founder Day, which is celebrated each year on June 5 to honor Flagler's granddaughter, Jean Flagler Matthews, who established... Step back in time to the Gilded Age and wander around Whitehall, Henry Flagler's palatial Palm Beach estate, for free on Monday. From noon to 5 p.m., entry fees will be waived on Founder Day, which is celebrated each year on June 5 to honor Flagler's granddaughter, Jean Flagler Matthews, who established... (Doreen Christensen) TRAVEL DEALS, THEME PARK SAVINGS Just for teachers: Orlando theme park tickets and hotel deals Summer travel: How to get the cheapest deals on airfare Florida resident deal: 3 days for $139 at Disney World; expires June 9 Hotel, travel discounts in 100 cities from Convention & Visitor Bureaus Free admission, discounts at Universal, Busch Gardens, Disney Summer savings from Discover the Palm Beaches Freebies and deals for Florida residents from Sunny.org Special offers, deals and discounts at Disney World Ticket savings, hotel deals for military at Disney World Free tickets for military and families at SeaWorld and Busch Gardens Copyright © 2017, Sun Sentinel Celebrate National Donut Day with free doughnuts at Dunin' Donuts and Krispy Kreme. All Sections News Sports Broward Palm Beach Entertainment Classified Obituaries 81°
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Teachers Advisors LLC Has $1.20 Million Position in Photronics, Inc. (PLAB) Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Shares Sold by Cordasco Financial Network Woodstock Corp Sells 3,261 Shares of Microsoft Co. (MSFT) Cordasco Financial Network Has $191,000 Stake in Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Shares Bought by Gradient Investments LLC CrestPoint Capital Management LLC Increases Position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Shares Bought by Portfolio Solutions LLC Bank of Montreal Can Sells 63,640 Shares of Finish Line Inc (FINL) HeidelbergCement AG (HEI) Given a €95.00 Price Target by Citigroup Inc Analysts HeidelbergCement AG (HEI) Given a €107.00 Price Target at BNP Paribas Credit Suisse Group AG Analysts Give GEA Group Aktiengesellschaft (G1A) a €42.00 Price Target Berenberg Bank Reiterates €9.50 Price Target for Evotec AG (EVT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Initiates Coverage on CUI Global Inc (CUI) Short Interest in Entegra Financial Corp (ENFC) Drops By 6.8% IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. (IDXX) Now Covered by Aegis Wedbush Comments on Genuine Parts Company’s Q3 2017 Earnings (GPC) Stabilus SA (STM) PT Set at €66.00 by Hauck & Aufhaeuser Wacker Chemie AG (WCH) PT Set at €98.00 by Morgan Stanley Deutsche Pfandbriefbank AG (PBB) Given a €13.00 Price Target at Commerzbank Ag Michael Kors Holdings Ltd (KORS) PT Set at $35.00 by BMO Capital Markets Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Shares Bought by Gradient Investments LLC June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Gradient Investments LLC raised its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) by 16.7% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 69,541 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 9,966 shares during the period. Gradient Investments LLC’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Co were worth $6,248,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other hedge funds have also bought and sold shares of the stock. E&G Advisors LP raised its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 13.0% in the first quarter. E&G Advisors LP now owns 10,400 shares of the company’s stock worth $934,000 after buying an additional 1,200 shares during the last quarter. Home Federal Bank of Tennessee raised its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 38.3% in the first quarter. Home Federal Bank of Tennessee now owns 30,769 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,765,000 after buying an additional 8,516 shares during the last quarter. Mitchell Mcleod Pugh & Williams Inc. raised its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 3.2% in the first quarter. Mitchell Mcleod Pugh & Williams Inc. now owns 17,828 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,601,000 after buying an additional 548 shares during the last quarter. Univest Corp of Pennsylvania raised its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 2.7% in the first quarter. Univest Corp of Pennsylvania now owns 9,395 shares of the company’s stock worth $844,000 after buying an additional 251 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Stillwater Investment Management LLC raised its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 1.6% in the first quarter. Stillwater Investment Management LLC now owns 23,896 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,147,000 after buying an additional 385 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 68.33% of the company’s stock. Shares of Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE PG) opened at 88.13 on Friday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $87.44 and a 200-day moving average price of $87.22. Procter & Gamble Co has a 12-month low of $80.95 and a 12-month high of $92.00. The stock has a market cap of $225.40 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.20 and a beta of 0.64. Procter & Gamble Co also was the target of some unusual options trading activity on Tuesday. Stock investors bought 823 call options on the stock. This is an increase of approximately 294% compared to the average daily volume of 209 call options. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, April 26th. The company reported $0.96 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.94 by $0.02. The business had revenue of $15.61 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $15.70 billion. Procter & Gamble Co had a net margin of 23.44% and a return on equity of 18.58%. The firm’s revenue was down 1.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $0.86 EPS. Equities analysts anticipate that Procter & Gamble Co will post $3.85 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, May 15th. Investors of record on Friday, April 21st were paid a $0.6896 dividend. This is an increase from Procter & Gamble Co’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.67. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, April 19th. This represents a $2.76 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.13%. Procter & Gamble Co’s dividend payout ratio is presently 48.73%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this article can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/procter-gamble-co-pg-shares-bought-by-gradient-investments-llc.html. A number of brokerages have issued reports on PG. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $90.00 price target on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research note on Thursday, February 16th. Barclays PLC set a $93.00 price target on Procter & Gamble Co and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, February 18th. B. Riley lowered Procter & Gamble Co to a “neutral” rating and set a $91.00 price target for the company. in a research note on Saturday, March 11th. Jefferies Group LLC increased their price target on Procter & Gamble Co from $99.00 to $101.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 15th. Finally, Vetr lowered Procter & Gamble Co from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $87.23 price target for the company. in a research note on Monday, February 27th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating, six have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $92.90. In related news, insider Ioannis Skoufalos sold 3,879 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, May 22nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $86.17, for a total value of $334,253.43. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, insider Patrice Louvet sold 3,837 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, May 4th. The shares were sold at an average price of $87.00, for a total transaction of $333,819.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 46,913 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,081,431. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders sold 199,891 shares of company stock valued at $17,276,637. 0.35% of the stock is owned by insiders. Procter & Gamble Co Company Profile The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Feminine Protection Market Analysis: Size, share, Growth, Industry Demand and Forecasts Analysis to 2021 – MarketReportsOnline   View as PDF  Print View    Latest report on Feminine Protection Industry of 82 pages now added by a leading business intelligence provider to MarketReportsOnline.com database. Pune, India – June 1, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ — The report entitled „Global Feminine Protection (Sanitary Pads, Tampons & Pantyliner) Market: Size, Trends & Forecasts (2017-2021)”, provides analysis of the global feminine protection market, with detailed analysis of market size and growth, and segmentation of the industry. The analysis includes the market by value and by region. The report also provides the analysis of the global feminine protection market of the US, Western Europe, Eastern Europe, China and Latin America regions. Complete report on Feminine Protection market spread across 82 pages with providing 4 company profiles, 1 table and 45 figures is now available at http://www.marketreportsonline.com/594821.html. Country Coverage: The US, Western Europe, Eastern Europe, China & Latin America Company Coverage of Feminine Protection Market: Procter & Gamble (P&G), Edgewell Personal Care Co., Unicharm Corporation & Kimberly-Clark Corporation Moreover, the report also assesses the key opportunities in the market and outlines the factors that are and will be driving the growth of the industry. Growth of the overall global feminine protection market has also been forecasted for the years 2017-2021, taking into consideration the previous growth patterns, the growth drivers and the current and future trends. Procter & Gamble (P&G), Edgewell Personal Care Co., Unicharm Corporation and Kimberly-Clark Corporation are some of the key players operating in the global feminine protection market, whose company profiling has been done in the report. In this segment of the report, business overview, financial overview and business strategies of the companies are provided Inquire for a discount on this Global Feminine Protection Market report at http://www.marketreportsonline.com/contacts/discount.php?name=594821. Feminine hygiene considered some special areas for personal hygiene. Maintaining appropriate hygiene for intimate area is one of the significant factors in female reproductive health, sexual health and quality of life. Feminine hygiene can further be categorized into: Feminine Protection and Intimate Care. The global feminine protection market is expected to increase at high growth rates during the forecasted period (2017-2021). The global feminine protection market is supported by various growth drivers, such as increasing global female population, increasing disposable income, increase in urban population, growth in e-commerce, etc. Feminine protection includes hygiene absorbent products which are engineered to absorb and retain menstrual blood or others emanating from vagina without causing any leakage. The feminine protection segment can be classified into three major categories – sanitary pads, tampons and Pantyliner. The intimate care is separate from the regular hygiene routine, that include the proper cleaning of intimate area without upsetting the pH balance and therefore help to avoid vaginal infections such as bacterial vaginosis (BV). The major types of intimate care products are: douches, intimate wash and sprays, and feminine wipes. Order a copy of this „Global Feminine Protection (Sanitary Pads, Tampons & Pantyliner) Market: Size, Trends and Forecasts (2017-2021)” research report at USD 1200 (Single User License) http://www.marketreportsonline.com/contacts/purchase.php?name=594821. Major Points from Table of Contents: 1. Executive Summary 2. Introduction 2.1 Feminine Hygiene: An Overview 2.2 Feminine Protection: An Overview 2.3 Intimate Care: An Overview 2.4 Advantages & Disadvantages Of Feminine Protection Products 3. Global Market Analysis 3.1 Global Feminine Protection Market: An Analysis 3.2 Global Feminine Protection Market: Product Analysis 4. Regional Market Analysis 4.1 The US Feminine Protection Market: An Analysis 4.2 Europe Feminine Protection Market: An Analysis 4.3 China Feminine Protection Market: An Analysis 4.4 Latin America Feminine Protection Market: An Analysis 5. Market Dynamics 5.1 Growth Drivers 5.2 Challenges 5.3 Market Trends 6. Competitive Landscape 6.1 Global Feminine Protection Market by Retail Brand Penetration 6.2 Western Europe Feminine Protection Market by Players 6.3 Eastern Europe Feminine Protection Market by Players 6.4 China Feminine Protection Market Share by Players 6.5 China Feminine Protection Market Players by Product Segments 7. Company Profiles Explore other newly published reports by Daedal Research at http://www.marketreportsonline.com/publisher/daedal-research-market-research.html. Contact Info: Name: Ritesh Tiwari Email: sales@marketreportsonline.com Organization: MarketReportsOnline Phone: + 1 888 391 5441 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/feminine-protection-market-analysis-size-share-growth-industry-demand-and-forecasts-analysis-to-2021-marketreportsonline/204116 For more information, please visit http://www.marketreportsonline.com/contacts/discount.php?name=594821 Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 204116 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Vein Health Clinic Announces New Treatment Options for Varicose Veins (Thu 1st Jun 17) Icarus P&T Announces Launch of Irish Branch of Online Stove Fan Store (Thu 1st Jun 17) Navajo Nation Community Health Insurance Connecting Kids To Coverage Launched (Thu 1st Jun 17) Private Label Skin Care Manufacturer Has New Natural-Based Products (Thu 1st Jun 17) Escape Entertainment Launches Power Team BuildingTM An Innovative Service To Enhance Team Performance And Leadership Development (Thu 1st Jun 17) CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 2017-2022 Global Ladies Underwear Market Share, Trends, Opportunities & Forecast Next PostNext Private Label Skin Care Manufacturer Has New Natural-Based Products Search Recent Posts Wonder Woman In 3D Crushed The Box Office With Approximately 43% Of Estimated $223 Million Worldwide In 3D Ticket Sales CAIR-Columbus to Seek Hate Crime Probe, Arrest of Suspect Following Beating of Ohio Muslim Woman Halozyme Phase 2 Data In Advanced Pancreas Cancer Featured In An Oral Presentation At ASCO Foreign Language Courses to Begin: Chinese, German, Japanese, Tagalog Saori Erickson Senior Recital Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Sign in Home Business Politics Nigeria Health & Wellbeing Education Life & Style Sport Editorial Backpage Sign in Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Password recovery Recover your password your email Search 23 C Lagos Monday, June 5, 2017 Sign in / Join SIGNUP TO BREAKING NEWS ALERTS LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password THISDAYLIVE Home Business Politics Nigeria Health & Wellbeing Education Life & Style Sport Editorial Backpage Home Business P&G Nigeria Collaborates with WeConnect to Train Women Entrepreneurs P&G Nigeria Collaborates with WeConnect to Train Women Entrepreneurs June 1, 2017 0 1289 Raheem Akingbolu Procter &Gamble, a leading FMCG company in Nigeria, has further shown its commitment to gender equality and supplier diversity through its partnership with WeConnect International in Nigeria to introduce the Women’s Business Development Programme. Over 50 women owned business entrepreneurs (WBEs) located in Ibadan, Oyo State, took part in the training, which was held at the P&G Ibadan Plant Site recently. The programme was designed to improve the entrepreneurial potential of the women and also expand the supplier development programmes beyond the walls of P&G to women entrepreneurs through connections and trainings. Speaking on the training sessions, P&G’s Ibadan Plant Manager, Peter Orji and one of the programme facilitators, elaborated on the importance of empowering women. He explained that P&G is renowned for women empowerment and as an extension, the organisation decided to partner with WeConnect in order to empower women entrepreneurs. According to him, “P&G is committed to advancing and supporting the growth of Nigerian small, medium scale enterprises owned by women and improve their management and operational skills. Women need to be up skilled alongside their male contemporaries in thriving economic climes in order to actively contribute to the growth of the nation at large.” The women entrepreneurs were trained on modules such as: Entrepreneurship and Strategy Development, Human Resource Development, Assessing Finance and Visibility for Personal & Corporate Branding using Digital Media & Tools. Insights were also given on P&Gs procurement processes which intimated the participants on the company’s sourcing principles and how to do business with P&G. One of the participants at the training and a certified WeConnect member, Chief Creative Director of My World of Bags, Femi Olayebi appreciated P&G and WeConnect for prioritising women and creating diverse opportunities to empower them. She stated that “many organisations do not give women enough support but partnerships like these have equipped me to positively contribute to the family and to the nation at large.” According to a report by McKinsey’s in 2016, if women were allowed to equally participate in the economy, they could add as much as $28 trillion or 26 percent to the annual global GDP in 2025. P&G is one of the global advocates of women empowerment. Currently there is a global campaign led by the organisation tagged ‘We See Equal’ which is a celebration of women and gender equality. This initiative will empower millions of women and create global pride in women breaking the glass ceiling and help shape the societal perception of women in business and in general. Previous articleCommunication Minister Leads Talk at Marketing Edge Summit Next articleAmbode Inaugurates More Free WiFi Spots in Lagos Online Editor RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Business CBN Pledges to Sustain Dollar Injection in FX Market Business BPE, NSE to Define Terms for Listing Privatised Firms on Bourse Business LSETF, UNDP Sign $4m Partnership Agreement 991,454FansLike 764,096FollowersFollow Latest News Presidency to Sue N’Assembly over Power of Appropriation June 5, 2017 Zenith Bank’s Eurobond Four Times Oversubscribed June 5, 2017 NNPC Incurs Losses as Marketers Shun Petrol Importation   June 5, 2017 Petition Against Physiotherapist Who Abused Special Needs Toddler Gets 9,000 Signatures June 5, 2017 Three Ex-NPA Officials, Jonathan’s Aide Named in $20m Bribery Scandal in... June 5, 2017 THISDAY Today (Download) Download Sunday 4th June 2017 June 5, 2017 0 Recent Comments Daniel Obior on NNPC Incurs Losses as Marketers Shun Petrol Importation   Daniel Obior on Presidency to Sue N’Assembly over Power of Appropriation D a n g o t e-C e m e n t on Petition Against Physiotherapist Who Abused Special Needs Toddler Gets 9,000 Signatures D a n g o t e-C e m e n t on Zenith Bank’s Eurobond Four Times Oversubscribed D a n g o t e-C e m e n t on IPOB: Arresting Kanu Again will Spark Problems for Nigeria MOST COMMENTED Nigeria WAEC Certificate: Buhari Files Appeal against Ruling Dismissing His Objection June 15, 2016 466 Davidson Iriekpen President Muhammadu Buhari has appealed the ruling of Justice Adeniyi Ademola of the Federal High Court in Abuja who on May 26, 2016... Economy Gone Out of Buhari’s Control, Says Lai Mohammed March 12, 2016 Buhari: Nigeria Can’t Afford Forex Demand for Students Studying Abroad March 6, 2016 PRESIDENT BUHARI, DON’T OFFEND THOSE KIDS March 12, 2016 LATEST Presidency to Sue N’Assembly over Power of Appropriation June 5, 2017 Zenith Bank’s Eurobond Four Times Oversubscribed June 5, 2017 NNPC Incurs Losses as Marketers Shun Petrol Importation   June 5, 2017 Petition Against Physiotherapist Who Abused Special Needs Toddler Gets 9,000 Signatures June 5, 2017 Three Ex-NPA Officials, Jonathan’s Aide Named in $20m Bribery Scandal in... June 5, 2017 MOST COMMENTED WAEC Certificate: Buhari Files Appeal against Ruling Dismissing His Objection June 15, 2016 466 Economy Gone Out of Buhari’s Control, Says Lai Mohammed March 12, 2016 Buhari: Nigeria Can’t Afford Forex Demand for Students Studying Abroad March 6, 2016 PRESIDENT BUHARI, DON’T OFFEND THOSE KIDS March 12, 2016 ABOUT USFounded on January 22, 1995, THISDAY is published by THISDAY NEWSPAPERS LTD., 35 Creek Road Apapa, Lagos, Nigeria with offices in 36 states of Nigeria , the Federal Capital Territory and around the world. It is Nigeria's most authoritative news media available on all platforms for the political, business, professional and diplomatic elite and broader middle classes while serving as the meeting point of new ideas, culture and technology for the aspirationals and millennials. The newspaper is a public trust dedicated to the pursuit of truth and reason covering a range of issues from breaking news to politics, business, the markets, the arts, sports and community to the crossroads of people and society. Contact us: hello@thisdaylive.com FOLLOW US About Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy © Copyright 2016 THISDAY NEWSPAPERS LTD.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by wiseguyreports 2017-2022 Global Power Toothbrush Market Size, Share, Trends, Opportunities & Forecast In this report, the global Power Toothbrush market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Power Toothbrush in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Global Power Toothbrush market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including  P&G Philips Colgate-Palmolive Panasonic WaterPik ARM&HAMMER Omron LION Ningbo seago Lebond Guangzhou Wanyuan RisunTechnology Kanger Li TRULY SKG Yuwell Berrcom On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Kids Adults On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Power Toothbrush for each application, including Vibration Rotation-oscillation If you have any special requirements, please let us know and we will offer you the report as you want. Get Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/932347-global-power-toothbrush-market-research-report-2017 Leave a Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/932347-global-power-toothbrush-market-research-report-2017 Table Of content Global Power Toothbrush Market Research Report 2017 1 Power Toothbrush Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Power Toothbrush 1.2 Power Toothbrush Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Power Toothbrush Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Power Toothbrush Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Kids 1.2.4 Adults 1.3 Global Power Toothbrush Segment by Application 1.3.1 Power Toothbrush Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Vibration 1.3.3 Rotation-oscillation 1.4 Global Power Toothbrush Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Power Toothbrush Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Power Toothbrush (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Power Toothbrush Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Power Toothbrush Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 7 Global Power Toothbrush Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 P&G 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Power Toothbrush Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 P&G Power Toothbrush Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Philips 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Power Toothbrush Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 Philips Power Toothbrush Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 Colgate-Palmolive 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Power Toothbrush Product Category, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 Colgate-Palmolive Power Toothbrush Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.4 Panasonic 7.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.4.2 Power Toothbrush Product Category, Application and Specification 7.4.2.1 Product A 7.4.2.2 Product B 7.4.3 Panasonic Power Toothbrush Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.5 WaterPik 7.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.5.2 Power Toothbrush Product Category, Application and Specification 7.5.2.1 Product A 7.5.2.2 Product B 7.5.3 WaterPik Power Toothbrush Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.6 ARM&HAMMER 7.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.6.2 Power Toothbrush Product Category, Application and Specification 7.6.2.1 Product A 7.6.2.2 Product B 7.6.3 ARM&HAMMER Power Toothbrush Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.7 Omron 7.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.7.2 Power Toothbrush Product Category, Application and Specification 7.7.2.1 Product A 7.7.2.2 Product B 7.7.3 Omron Power Toothbrush Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.8 LION 7.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.8.2 Power Toothbrush Product Category, Application and Specification 7.8.2.1 Product A 7.8.2.2 Product B 7.8.3 LION Power Toothbrush Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.9 Ningbo seago 7.9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.9.2 Power Toothbrush Product Category, Application and Specification 7.9.2.1 Product A 7.9.2.2 Product B 7.9.3 Ningbo seago Power Toothbrush Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.10 Lebond 7.10.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.10.2 Power Toothbrush Product Category, Application and Specification 7.10.2.1 Product A 7.10.2.2 Product B 7.10.3 Lebond Power Toothbrush Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.10.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.11 Guangzhou Wanyuan 7.12 RisunTechnology 7.13 Kanger Li 7.14 TRULY 7.15 SKG 7.16 Yuwell 7.17 Berrcom 9 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 9.1 Power Toothbrush Industrial Chain Analysis 9.2 Upstream Raw Materials Sourcing 9.3 Raw Materials Sources of Power Toothbrush Major Manufacturers in 2015 9.4 Downstream Buyers 10 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders  10.1 Marketing Channel 10.1.1 Direct Marketing 10.1.2 Indirect Marketing 10.1.3 Marketing Channel Development Trend 10.2 Market Positioning 10.2.1 Pricing Strategy 10.2.2 Brand Strategy 10.2.3 Target Client 10.3 Distributors/Traders List … Buy Now@ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=932347 CONTACT US: NORAH TRENT Partner Relations & Marketing Manager sales@wiseguyreports.com www.wiseguyreports.com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsBusiness, Global 1, power toothbrush, power toothbrush industry, power toothbrush industry trends, Power Toothbrush Manufacturers, Power Toothbrush Prospectus, Power Toothbrush Segmentation Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Black Annealed Wire Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Next PostNext Investor Ideas new Mining Stocks: Zinc One Resources (TSX: $Z.V; OTC: $ZZZOF), US Gold Corp. (Nasdaq: $DRAM) Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Conill and Procter & Gamble win Effie Award L-R: Carlos Martinez (Conill), Tom Lanktree (Conill), Carolina Rogoll (P&G), Julia Estacio (Conill) “Calling attention to the issues of stereotyping was an audacious and timely message in today’s environment. Los Angeles, CA (PRWEB) June 02, 2017 Conill and Procter & Gamble were among the winners of the 2017 North American Effie Awards, earning Bronze honors in the Hispanic category for the Tide brand’s Wash Away Labels marketing campaign. The award was presented at a gala event, held last night in New York City. The Wash Away Labels campaign centered on the realities Latinos face in today’s society and the negative stereotypes often associated with their countries of origin. Hurtful labels such as Mexicans as “beaners” or Cubans as “balseros” were painted on white T-shirts using ketchup instead of ink. People then washed away these stereotypes by washing the T-shirts using Tide Pods. The resulting stain-free shirts were then emblazoned with positive, more accurate monikers, such as “trabajadores” ( hard workers) and “valientes” (the brave). “This was a deeply personal campaign for many of our people,” said Conill President Carlos Martinez. “Calling attention to the issues of stereotyping was an audacious and timely message in today’s environment. This award is testament to the power of positive ideas from a bold, uncompromising brand and client.” An annual program, the North American Effie Awards honor the most effective marketing efforts of the year that represent cases that demonstrate effectiveness in solving a marketing challenge connected with the target audience and successful results. The Wash Away Labels work can be viewed at: https://conill.com/work/client/washawaylabels ABOUT CONILL Founded in 1968 as the nation’s first Latino marketing agency, Conill is currently among the most highly awarded multicultural agencies in the U.S. It has been recognized in Advertising Age’s annual Agency A-List Report in seven of the past ten years, including Multicultural Agency of the Year honors in 2011 and 2007. The agency’s roster of clients includes Aflac, Denny’s, Nationwide, Procter & Gamble, T-Mobile and Toyota Motor Sales. Share article on social media or email: CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious KCP&L Continues Sustainability Commitment by Announcing Retirement of Six Units at Three Power Plants Next PostNext L.A. Summer Residency Launches at Otis College Search Recent Posts Bloomberg faces an unexpected new threat to its dominance in data The London Stock Exchange Group could rebrand itself as International Data Inc ZEISS and ASML Strengthen Partnership for Next Generation of EUV Lithography Due in Early 2020s ZEISS and ASML Strengthen Partnership for Next Generation of EUV Lithography Due in Early 2020s ASML Completes Acquisition of HMI Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Corporate Social Responsibility Related News Releases and Story Ideas for Reporters, Bloggers and Media Outlets Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Corporate Social Responsibility Editors June 01, 2017 07:08 AM Eastern Daylight Time NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Following are the latest Corporate Social Responsibility news releases and story ideas available from Business Wire. These recaps, curated by Business Wire, provide reporters and bloggers around the globe instant access to the latest news releases, providing relevant and trending content to share with their audiences. Discover more news via Business Wire’s Hot Topic recaps or create a custom news feed specific to your needs here. This service is provided at no charge to members of the media and financial communities. RADNOR, Pa. -- Lincoln Financial Group's Commitment to the Arts Recognized Nationally by Americans for the Arts Source: Lincoln Financial Group CHICAGO -- America’s Charity Checkout Champions Raise over $441 Million for Good Causes Source: Engage For Good BOISE, Idaho -- Jitasa Offers Social Sector’s First Accounting Services and Technology Bundle Source: Jitasa NEW YORK -- Moody’s Corporation Releases 2016 Corporate Social Responsibility Report Source: Moody’s Corporation Investor Relations MINNEAPOLIS -- Xcel Energy Reduces Carbon Emissions 30 Percent Source: Xcel Energy CINCINNATI -- Tampax® Donates One Million Tampons to Girls and Women in Need Across the Nation in 30 Days Source: Procter & Gamble SALISBURY, N.C. -- Food Lion Announces 10 Percent MVP Discount for Active and Retired Military Personnel on Memorial Day Source: Food Lion CYPRESS, Calif. -- UnitedHealthcare Employees Honor Veterans by Placing More Than 1,800 Flags in Front of Orange County Offices Source: UnitedHealthcare JENKS, Okla. -- Gateway Mortgage Group Partners with Folds of Honor Source: Gateway Mortgage Group SAN FRANCISCO -- Habitat for Humanity and Wells Fargo Team Up With Veterans to Improve 100 Homes Source: Wells Fargo & Company TAMPA, Fla. -- Team Red, White & Blue kicks off 2nd Annual Eagle Charge Race Source: Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. NEW ORLEANS -- Travelers Institute Holds Annual “Kicking Off Hurricane Preparedness Season” Event in New Orleans Source: The Travelers Companies, Inc. DALLAS -- Securus Partners with Goodwill Industries of Dallas for its Call Center Agents Source: Securus Technologies, Inc. AUSTIN, Texas -- ExxonMobil Commemorates UTeach 20th Anniversary with Grant to Support Classroom Projects Source: Exxon Mobil Corporation LUXEMBOURG -- CONQUEST Acquires 6 Solar Parks in France from Solairedirect Source: CONQUEST BENTONVILLE, Ark. -- Walmart Expands Military Leave of Absence Policy for its Associates, Removing Barriers to Service Source: Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. DETROIT -- American Forest Foundation, International Paper, Procter & Gamble and 3M Announce Carolinas Working Forest Conservation Collaborative Source: American Forest Foundation and Procter & Gamble and 3M and International Paper ISELIN, N.J. -- UnitedHealthcare Awards $30,000 Grant to Fanwood-Scotch Plains YMCA to Encourage Children’s Physical Activity and Exercise Source: UnitedHealthcare DETROIT -- Detroit Lion Marvin Jones Jr. and UnitedHealthcare Renovate Gymnasium at J.E. Clark Preparatory Academy Source: UnitedHealthcare HONG KONG -- AsiaInspection Has Acquired GOAL, the Mexican Leader in Pre-Customs Clearance Inspections Source: AsiaInspection Follow the CSR Circuit newsfeed on www.twitter.com/BWCSRNews About Business Wire: Business Wire, a Berkshire Hathaway company, is the global leader in press release distribution and regulatory disclosure. Investor relations, public relations, public policy and marketing professionals rely on Business Wire to accurately distribute market-moving news and multimedia, host online newsrooms and IR websites, build content marketing platforms, generate social engagements and provide audience analysis that improves interaction with specified target markets. Founded in 1961, Business Wire is a trusted source for news organizations, journalists, investment professionals and regulatory authorities, delivering news directly into editorial systems and leading online news sources via its multi-patented simultaneous NX Network. Business Wire has 29 offices worldwide to securely meet the varying needs of communications professionals and news consumers. In 2015, Business Wire teamed up with Al Roker Entertainment to create BizWireTV, a bi-weekly digital video news program that features the top trending news releases that cross the wire. Learn more at services.BusinessWire.com and Tempo, the Business Wire resource for industry trends; follow updates on Twitter: @businesswire or on Facebook. Click here to subscribe to Mobile Alerts for Business Wire Corporate Social Responsibility. Contacts Business Wire Matt VanTassel, 212-752-9600 Release Summary Recap of CSR stories on Business Wire #Hashtags #CSR Social Media Profiles Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Pinterest Contacts Business Wire Matt VanTassel, 212-752-9600 Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     Feminine Protection Market Analysis: Size, share, Growth, Industry Demand and Forecasts Analysis to 2021 - MarketReportsOnline   View as PDF  Print View    Latest report on Feminine Protection Industry of 82 pages now added by a leading business intelligence provider to MarketReportsOnline.com database. Pune, India - June 1, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ -- The report entitled "Global Feminine Protection (Sanitary Pads, Tampons & Pantyliner) Market: Size, Trends & Forecasts (2017-2021)", provides analysis of the global feminine protection market, with detailed analysis of market size and growth, and segmentation of the industry. The analysis includes the market by value and by region. The report also provides the analysis of the global feminine protection market of the US, Western Europe, Eastern Europe, China and Latin America regions. Complete report on Feminine Protection market spread across 82 pages with providing 4 company profiles, 1 table and 45 figures is now available at http://www.marketreportsonline.com/594821.html. Country Coverage: The US, Western Europe, Eastern Europe, China & Latin America Company Coverage of Feminine Protection Market: Procter & Gamble (P&G), Edgewell Personal Care Co., Unicharm Corporation & Kimberly-Clark Corporation Moreover, the report also assesses the key opportunities in the market and outlines the factors that are and will be driving the growth of the industry. Growth of the overall global feminine protection market has also been forecasted for the years 2017-2021, taking into consideration the previous growth patterns, the growth drivers and the current and future trends. Procter & Gamble (P&G), Edgewell Personal Care Co., Unicharm Corporation and Kimberly-Clark Corporation are some of the key players operating in the global feminine protection market, whose company profiling has been done in the report. In this segment of the report, business overview, financial overview and business strategies of the companies are provided Inquire for a discount on this Global Feminine Protection Market report at http://www.marketreportsonline.com/contacts/discount.php?name=594821. Feminine hygiene considered some special areas for personal hygiene. Maintaining appropriate hygiene for intimate area is one of the significant factors in female reproductive health, sexual health and quality of life. Feminine hygiene can further be categorized into: Feminine Protection and Intimate Care. The global feminine protection market is expected to increase at high growth rates during the forecasted period (2017-2021). The global feminine protection market is supported by various growth drivers, such as increasing global female population, increasing disposable income, increase in urban population, growth in e-commerce, etc. Feminine protection includes hygiene absorbent products which are engineered to absorb and retain menstrual blood or others emanating from vagina without causing any leakage. The feminine protection segment can be classified into three major categories - sanitary pads, tampons and Pantyliner. The intimate care is separate from the regular hygiene routine, that include the proper cleaning of intimate area without upsetting the pH balance and therefore help to avoid vaginal infections such as bacterial vaginosis (BV). The major types of intimate care products are: douches, intimate wash and sprays, and feminine wipes. Order a copy of this "Global Feminine Protection (Sanitary Pads, Tampons & Pantyliner) Market: Size, Trends and Forecasts (2017-2021)" research report at USD 1200 (Single User License) http://www.marketreportsonline.com/contacts/purchase.php?name=594821. Major Points from Table of Contents: 1. Executive Summary 2. Introduction 2.1 Feminine Hygiene: An Overview 2.2 Feminine Protection: An Overview 2.3 Intimate Care: An Overview 2.4 Advantages & Disadvantages Of Feminine Protection Products 3. Global Market Analysis 3.1 Global Feminine Protection Market: An Analysis 3.2 Global Feminine Protection Market: Product Analysis 4. Regional Market Analysis 4.1 The US Feminine Protection Market: An Analysis 4.2 Europe Feminine Protection Market: An Analysis 4.3 China Feminine Protection Market: An Analysis 4.4 Latin America Feminine Protection Market: An Analysis 5. Market Dynamics 5.1 Growth Drivers 5.2 Challenges 5.3 Market Trends 6. Competitive Landscape 6.1 Global Feminine Protection Market by Retail Brand Penetration 6.2 Western Europe Feminine Protection Market by Players 6.3 Eastern Europe Feminine Protection Market by Players 6.4 China Feminine Protection Market Share by Players 6.5 China Feminine Protection Market Players by Product Segments 7. Company Profiles Explore other newly published reports by Daedal Research at http://www.marketreportsonline.com/publisher/daedal-research-market-research.html. Contact Info: Name: Ritesh Tiwari Email: sales@marketreportsonline.com Organization: MarketReportsOnline Phone: + 1 888 391 5441 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/feminine-protection-market-analysis-size-share-growth-industry-demand-and-forecasts-analysis-to-2021-marketreportsonline/204116 For more information, please visit http://www.marketreportsonline.com/contacts/discount.php?name=594821 Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 204116 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Agarwood Essential Oil Market Expected to Grow at CAGR 4.2% During 2016 to 2022 (Fri 2nd Jun 17) Cyber Weapon Market by Type, Product, Application, Region, Outlook and Forecast to 2022 (Fri 2nd Jun 17) Landscaping and Gardening Expert Trevor McClintock Launches New Locally Optimized Website (Fri 2nd Jun 17) Sleep apnea devices Market is Evolving At A CAGR of 7.5% by 2022 (Fri 2nd Jun 17) Agriculture Technology Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast to 2022 (Fri 2nd Jun 17) Global VR Helmet Market by Manufacturers, Technology, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022 (Fri 2nd Jun 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
Главное Россия Мир Бывший СССР Финансы Бизнес Силовые структуры Наука и техника Культура Спорт Интернет и СМИ Ценности Путешествия Из жизни Мотор Дом Статьи Галереи Видео Мнения Спецпроекты Бизнес   Все Компании Мировой бизнес Деловой климат Финансы компаний Автобизнес   Архив 10:52, 1 июня 2017 P&G заявила об инвестировании 5 миллиардов рублей в завод в Тульской области Перейти в «Мою Ленту» Фото: Al Behrman / AP Компания Procter & Gamble (P&G) приняла решение об инвестировании 5 миллиардов рублей в развитие собственного завода в Новомосковске Тульской области. Данное решение было зафиксировано в соглашении, подписанном 1 июня, в рамках Петербургского международного экономического форума (ПМЭФ-2017) между компанией и губернатором региона Алексеем Дюминым. Об этом говорится в пресс-релизе, поступившем в редакцию «Ленты.ру». В сообщении отмечается, что инвестиции пойдут на модернизацию и увеличение объемов российского производства продукции P&G в Новомосковске, создание новых рабочих мест и расширение сотрудничества с местными поставщиками. В рамках модернизации завода компания вложит средства в развитие новых экологически чистых технологий, применение которых позволит сделать производство полностью безотходным в течение двух лет. Как отмечают в компании, с 2010 года завод в Новомосковске сократил потребление электроэнергии и воды, а также выбросы в атмосферу на 20 процентов. Кроме того, на производстве завод использует около 80 процентов вторичной бумаги для производства упаковки для стиральных порошков. Реализация объявленной инвестиционной программы рассчитана на ближайшие два года для наращивания локализации производства в трех крупнейших категориях: средства по уходу за домом, средства по уходу за тканями и средства по уходу за детьми. В 2016 году P&G инвестировала один миллиард рублей в развитие производственного центра бренда Gillette в Санкт-Петербурге. Перейти в «Мою Ленту»Обсудить Ссылки по теме Новым главой Ralph Lauren стал топ-менеджер Procter & Gamblelenta.ru, 18 мая 2017 АНКОР и Randstad назовут самых привлекательных работодателей Россииlenta.ru, 23 марта 2017 Бренд Braun показал 20-метровую инсталляциюlenta.ru, 01 декабря 2016 Последние новости 07:15Арабские страны обвинили Катар в поддержке «Аль-Каиды» и ИГ 07:51КНДР на учениях отработала нанесение ударов с воздуха по авианосцам США 07:05Спасающего пиво во время теракта британца назвали символом бесстрашия 07:03Представлены результаты поисков электромагнитных сигналов слияния черных дыр 05:31Сечин назвал цель антироссийских санкций 04:25Президент России посоветовал США перейти к прямым выборам 03:29Путин опроверг информацию о «каналах связи» между командой Трампа и Кремлем Другие материалы рубрики Бизнес07:06 — Сегодня Налог на катастрофу О новых поборах для бизнеса 19:02 — 31 мая «Нафтогаз» заявил об отмене судом условия take or pay в контракте с «Газпромом» 05:31 — Сегодня Сечин назвал цель антироссийских санкций 17:48 — 1 июня «МегаФон» и Huawei установили рекорд скорости мобильного интернет-соединения Бизнес06:03 — 31 мая Билборд на ягодице Реклама на человеческом теле набирает популярность 16:43 — 3 июня Арктический танкер-газовоз получил имя погибшего главы Total 15:32 — 3 июня Советник Путина рассказал о модном в США русском акценте 16:14 — 31 мая В Плодоовощном союзе оценили последствия возвращения в Россию турецкой продукции Бизнес18:23 — 30 мая Сладкая жизнь Как власти Москвы помогают городской пищевой промышленности 21:30 — 2 июня Японский автоконцерн намерен построить завод в Московской области 13:24 — 31 мая Строители Крымского моста начали сооружение фарватерных опор 14:27 — 3 июня Американский бизнес стал лидером по численному представительству на ПМЭФ Россия «Этих врачей нельзя допускать к пациентам» Почему выпускники российских медвузов не умеют лечить больных «Мои стринги на политическом ринге» Как партии зазывают молодежь и чем это заканчивается «Это смотрится жутко на самом деле» Судмедэксперт о своей профессии, здоровом цинизме и мумиях в квартирах Путин опроверг информацию о «каналах связи» между командой Трампа и Кремлем Президент России посоветовал США перейти к прямым выборам А теперь тут лужайка Как на месте захоронить использованный ядерный реактор Путин прокомментировал обвинения о «вмешательстве» России в выборы в США Все материалы Мир Слоны идут на север О чем договорились Нарендра Моди и Владимир Путин в Санкт-Петербурге Тимофей Бордачев: Страшный общий дом Европе придется выбирать между «израилизацией» и сохранением привычных свобод Цена двух градусов США вышли из Парижской сделки по климату: что это значит? Ряд арабских стран разорвал отношения с Катаром Арабские страны обвинили Катар в поддержке «Аль-Каиды» и ИГ Названа дата выборов в Конституционную ассамблею Венесуэлы ИГ взяло на себя ответственность за нападение в Лондоне Все материалы Бывший СССР Плач Ярославны Как на Украине решили перекроить древнерусскую историю Лагерный бардак Почему в Латвии спорят о количестве жертв в нацистском концлагере Саласпилс «Украинские журналисты упали ниже дна» Как блогер Анатолий Шарий уволил министра информации Украины Украинский губернатор похвастался налаженным во всем Донбассе радиовещанием Политолог рассказал о самом слабом месте Порошенко Украинские пограничники задержали разыскиваемого Интерполом россиянина Ушаков заявил о победе своей партии на выборах в думу Риги Все материалы Финансы Семь фунтов под килем Как устроена экономика «Пиратов Карибского моря». Часть вторая Максим Кононенко: Цифровой образ будушего О новой национальной идее Вписаться в революцию Как участники ПМЭФ искали место России в глобальной экономике Голикова поведала о парадоксе госкорпораций В Киеве сообщили о поддержке МВФ и Всемирным банком проекта пенсионной реформы «Пенсия — это продолжение зарплаты» НА ПМЭФ-2017 обсудили вопрос достойного пенсионного обеспечения россиян Россия выпустит еврооблигации на три миллиарда долларов Все материалы Бизнес Налог на катастрофу О новых поборах для бизнеса «Первые онлайн-торги на рыбоводные участки пройдут в августе» Гендиректор ФРДВ Алексей Чекунков о развитии аквакультуры на Дальнем Востоке Хозяева неба Знаменитые пассажирские лайнеры, созданные в СССР Сечин назвал цель антироссийских санкций Арктический танкер-газовоз получил имя погибшего главы Total Советник Путина рассказал о модном в США русском акценте «Форум удался» Президент Торгово-промышленной палаты об итогам Петербургского форума Все материалы Силовые структуры Девять жизней За что дачник жестоко расправился с соседями в поселке под Тверью «Останки несовершеннолетних находят каждый год» Монолог волонтера о похищениях и принуждении детей к попрошайничеству в России «Я приходил к силовикам и вызывал их стрелков на дуэль» Как гражданские стали учить стрелять полицию и военных КНДР на учениях отработала нанесение ударов с воздуха по авианосцам США Установлены личности всех убитых тверским стрелком В МВД сообщили об отсутствии опыта военной службы у тверского стрелка СК возбудил уголовное дело в отношении вице-губернатора Владимирской области Все материалы Наука и техника Смерть всем человекам Почему беспилотные автомобили сбивают велосипедистов и попадают в аварии Поматросил и бросил Засекреченная операционная система от Google заменит Android На лицо ужасные Раскрыта сущность привидений и призраков Источником «инопланетных» сигналов назвали космические струны Представлены результаты поисков электромагнитных сигналов слияния черных дыр Первый космический корабль «Федерация» запустят с Байконура в 2022 году Запуск тяжелой ракеты «Ангара А5М» наметили на 2021 год Все материалы Спорт Алоха, чемпион Как гаваец Холлоуэй нокаутировал бразильца Альдо на UFC 212 Время первых Голы Аленичева, Зидана и другие ярчайшие моменты финалов Лиги чемпионов Королевский дубль «Реал» победил «Ювентус» и второй раз подряд выиграл Лигу чемпионов «Ювентус» впервые в истории заработал более 100 миллионов евро в Лиге чемпионов Полузащитник «Ростова» Нобоа перешел в «Зенит» Защитник сборной России нашел способ противостоять Роналду «Ролан Гаррос» покинули все побеждавшие в турнирах «Большого шлема» теннисистки Все материалы Культура Стакан наполовину Пруст Что скрывается на дне сосудов Джорджо Моранди Ленин-велосипедист и Башмет-альтист Главные события книжного фестиваля на Красной площади «Сволочь! Подонок!» Евгений Бунимович о школьных уроках литературы Умер балетмейстер Мариинки Сергей Вихарев Объявлен победитель премии «Нацбест» 2017 года Вышел трейлер фильма Covfefe об опечатке Трампа Короткие юбки, высокие прически Как ирландский фотограф искал любви в ночных клубах 1980-х годов Все материалы Интернет и СМИ Только для избранных Почему в сети сходят с ума по чернокожим, чесноку и башенным кранам «Я ни хрена не делаю и получаю бабки» Кто из звезд российского YouTube может попасть в Госдуму «Минус один укроп» Как журналисты лишаются работы из-за шуток про власть, инвалидов и трупы Журналист призвал террористов убить его за 60 тысяч долларов Спасающего пиво во время теракта британца назвали символом бесстрашия Журнал The New Times закроется Американская телеведущая рассказала о боевом настрое Путина Все материалы Ценности Танцевальный драйв Продюсер Эми Уайнхаус опробовал на Ибице новое купе Lexus Было просто хорошо, стало «ошнурительно» Сергей Шнуров поменял привычки «Язык техники мне дается нелегко» Звезда триатлона Виктория Шубина умеет рассчитать пульс без приборов Vetements отказался от шоу в Париже На фанатов «Гарри Поттера» наденут браслеты Личные вещи принцессы Леи выставили на торги Демна Гвасалия превратил моделей Balenciaga в офисных клерков Все материалы Путешествия Не нужно аплодировать! Что больше всего бесит бортпроводниц Аня Бушуева: «Паэлья — вовсе не испанское блюдо» Как приготовить главное блюдо Валенсии Жемчужина Закавказья Почему Армения — идеальное направление для бюджетного путешественника Обезвреживание пьяного дебошира на борту самолета в США сняли на видео Албания отменила визы для россиян на время курортного сезона В Казахстане спасли заблудившихся в степи туристов из Швейцарии Обычные американцы Как и за что корреспондент «Ленты.ру» полюбила простых жителей США Все материалы Из жизни Весь мир любит единорога Миллениалы помешались на всем, что связано с мифическим существом «Невозможно стать человеком другой национальности» История психиатра из России, который перебрался в Израиль, а затем в США Суперлюди среди нас Необычные фитнес-лидеры завоевывают популярность у поклонников ЗОЖ В США продавцов косметики раздели догола ради рекламы Лондонец после теракта вернулся в ресторан и оплатил счет Черепаха разбила автомобиль в Китае «Бургер Кинг» отрекся от титула после скандальной рекламы в Бельгии Все материалы Премиалочка для России Дорогие автомобили, которые россияне покупают чаще других Одно из четырех? Четыре из шести? Необычные типы автомобильных приводов: от гиперкаров до грузовиков Тест-драйв самого продаваемого кроссовера России Длительный тест Hyundai Creta: итоги и сравнение с конкурентами Самые дорогие машины России Самые дорогие автомобили самого популярного сайта продаж Новую BMW M5 случайно рассекретили в Need For Speed Nissan обновил X-Trail В Китае построили пятиуровневую мегадорогу Все материалы От нашего стола Российские интерьеры, сводящие иностранцев с ума Зависли на хате Украинцы придумали дом, который может обойтись без российского газа Москва за нами Какие квартиры можно купить в пределах МКАД по цене до трех миллионов рублей Найден регион России с самой комфортной средой Сносное настроение Демонтаж жилых домов в Москве: что нужно знать Вышка светит Как выглядит частный особняк, побивший мировой рекорд этажности Урбанист Джеф Спек пообещал сделать города пешеходными Все материалы Мобильная версия Нашли опечатку? Orphus: Ctrl+Enter РедакцияРекламаПресс-релизыТехподдержкаСпецпроектыВакансии © 1999–2017 ООО «Лента.Ру».
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Eyeliners Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Eyeliners Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2022 PUNE, INDIA, June 2, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Global Eyeliners Market In this report, the global Eyeliners market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Global Eyeliners market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including L’OREAL Esteelauder Procter & Gamble LVMH Shiseido Christian Dior Amorepacific Group CHANEL Jordana Cosmetics Revlon SISLEY Jane Iredale KATE Almay Phydicians Formula VOV Marykay Marie Dalgar Carslan Flamingo Bleunuit Try Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1082456-global-eyeliners-market-research-report-2017 Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Eyeliners in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Liquid Eyeliner Powder-Based Eye Pencil? Wax-Based Eye Pencils? Kohl Eyeliner Gel Eye Liner On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Eyeliners for each application, including Women Males for Purpose Like Fashion Girls For Detailed Reading Please visit WiseGuy Reports @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1082456-global-eyeliners-market-research-report-2017 Some Major Points from Table of content: Global Eyeliners Market Research Report 2017 1 Eyeliners Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Eyeliners 1.2 Eyeliners Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Eyeliners Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Eyeliners Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Liquid Eyeliner 1.2.4 Powder-Based Eye Pencil? 1.2.5 Wax-Based Eye Pencils? 1.2.6 Kohl Eyeliner 1.2.7 Gel Eye Liner 1.3 Global Eyeliners Segment by Application 1.3.1 Eyeliners Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Women 1.3.3 Males for Purpose Like Fashion 1.3.4 Girls 1.4 Global Eyeliners Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Eyeliners Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Eyeliners (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Eyeliners Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Eyeliners Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 2 Global Eyeliners Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1 Global Eyeliners Capacity, Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.1 Global Eyeliners Capacity and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.2 Global Eyeliners Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.2 Global Eyeliners Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.3 Global Eyeliners Average Price by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.4 Manufacturers Eyeliners Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area and Product Type 2.5 Eyeliners Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 Eyeliners Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 Eyeliners Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion If you have any enquiry before buying a copy of this report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1082456-global-eyeliners-market-research-report-2017 3 Global Eyeliners Capacity, Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2012-2017) 3.1 Global Eyeliners Capacity and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.2 Global Eyeliners Production and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.3 Global Eyeliners Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.4 Global Eyeliners Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.5 North America Eyeliners Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.6 Europe Eyeliners Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.7 China Eyeliners Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.8 Japan Eyeliners Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.9 Southeast Asia Eyeliners Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.10 India Eyeliners Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 4 Global Eyeliners Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Region (2012-2017) 4.1 Global Eyeliners Consumption by Region (2012-2017) 4.2 North America Eyeliners Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.3 Europe Eyeliners Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.4 China Eyeliners Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.5 Japan Eyeliners Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.6 Southeast Asia Eyeliners Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.7 India Eyeliners Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) Continued….. For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com About Us Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports understand how essential statistical surveying information is for your organization or association. Therefore, we have associated with the top publishers and research firms all specialized in specific domains, ensuring you will receive the most reliable and up to date research data available. Contact Us: Norah Trent +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 Follow on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/wise-guy-research-consultants-pvt-ltd-?trk=biz-companies-cym Norah Trent wiseguyreports +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Audeze Adds Black/Steel Edition to Acclaimed iSINE In-Ear Series Next PostNext Foxwoods Resort Casino Expands into Ecotourism with Launch of Foxwoods HighFlyer Zipline Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Google, GE, Apple, Dozens Of Other Companies Denounce Withdrawal From Paris Climate Accord Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Google, GE, Apple, Dozens Of Other Companies Denounce Withdrawal From Paris Climate Accord Image courtesy of James LeVeque June 2, 2017 2:01 pm EDT By Kate Cox@kcoxdc money is green climate change capitalism sustainability The biggest news of the week, so far, has been President Trump’s decision to pull the United States out of the landmark Paris Agreement. And while politicians’ support or condemnation of the withdrawal is predictably split along party lines, one surprising consensus has emerged: The business world, including the corporations that run basically everything, really wish we would stay in. The decision, which Trump announced in a Rose Garden speech yesterday, starts the several-year process for taking the U.S. out of the international agreement, also called the Paris Climate Accord. The agreement was finalized in Paris (hence the name) in 2015. 195 nations — basically, the entire world save two — have signed on to the non-binding accord, agreeing to take voluntary steps to reduce emissions and mitigate climate change. NPR has a full, easy-to-read explainer of the terms the nations all agreed to. Basically, it’s a voluntary pledge to do something by 2020, and then work toward a global goal of zero greenhouse gas emissions by some vague “mid-century” date. However, the President decided the U.S. should not remain in the planet-wide agreement. “As of today,” he said in his speech yesterday, the United States will cease all implementation of the nonbinding Paris accord and the draconian financial and economic burdens the agreement imposes on our country.” The D.C. rumor mill had signaled for a while that this withdrawal was probably coming, and so businesses began to stake out their positions ahead of the formal speech. Earlier in May, the CEOs for 30 major corporations signed an open letter all but begging the administration to leave well enough alone. Why? Not out of any deep moral sentiment; business is business. Instead, staying in the agreement, they argue, is what’s best for capitalism. “Based on our vast experience doing business all over the world,” the CEOs write, “we believe there is strong potential for negative trade implications if the United States exits from the Paris Agreement.” “Our business interests are best served by a stable and practical framework facilitating an effective and balanced response to reducing global GHG emissions. The Paris Agreement gives us that flexible framework to manage climate change while providing a smooth transition for business.” The letter wasn’t signed by a bunch of startups and newbies, but rather by the biggest names in banking, manufacturing, media, and agriculture including: 3M, Dow Chemical, Bank of America, Procter & Gamble, General Electric, Goldman Sachs, Citigroup, Johnson & Johnson, Tesla, Coca-Cola, JP Morgan Chase, Unilever, Morgan Stanley, and Disney, among others. After the announcement was made, several CEOs voiced their disappointment and vowed that their businesses would continue to act believing that climate change is a real threat. Several took to Twitter to voice their displeasure. General Electric CEO Jeff Immelt Tweeted, “Disappointed with today’s decision on the Paris Agreement. Climate change is real. Industry must now lead and not depend on government.” Disappointed with today’s decision on the Paris Agreement. Climate change is real. Industry must now lead and not depend on government. — Jeff Immelt (@JeffImmelt) June 1, 2017 He was joined by Tesla’s Elon Musk, who Tweeted that the withdrawal was enough to make him resign from Presidential advisory councils he sits on. Am departing presidential councils. Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world. — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) June 1, 2017 “Climate change is real,” Musk said. “Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world.” Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein made his first-ever Tweet yesterday, and used it to voice disappointment with the administration’s choice: “Today’s decision is a setback for the environment and for the U.S.’s leadership position in the world,” he Tweeted. Today's decision is a setback for the environment and for the U.S.'s leadership position in the world. #ParisAgreement — Lloyd Blankfein (@lloydblankfein) June 1, 2017 The major players in the tech world also nearly universally condemned the choice. Google CEO Sundar Pichai, like many others, took to Twitter to make a statement, saying, “Disappointed with today’s decision. Google will keep working hard for a cleaner, more prosperous future for all.” Disappointed with today’s decision. Google will keep working hard for a cleaner, more prosperous future for all. — Sundar Pichai (@sundarpichai) June 1, 2017 Microsoft’s Brad Smith said nearly the same, also on Twitter, saying, “We’re disappointed with the decision to exit the Paris Agreement. Microsoft remains committed to doing our part to achieve its goals.” We’re disappointed with the decision to exit the Paris Agreement. Microsoft remains committed to doing our part to achieve its goals. — Brad Smith (@BradSmi) June 1, 2017 Amazon joined the fray in a four-part Tweetstorm from the company’s official news account saying, “Amazon continues to support the Paris climate agreement and action on climate change. We believe that robust clean energy and climate policies can support American competitiveness, innovation, and job growth.” Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg, of course, posted his statement on Facebook, for obvious reasons. “Withdrawing from the Paris climate agreement is bad for the environment, bad for the economy, and it puts our children’s future at risk,” Zuck posted. “Stopping climate change is something we can only do as a global community, and we have to act together before it’s too late.” Apple CEO Tim Cook was even more blunt in a company-wide email to employees. “I know many of you share my disappointment with the White House’s decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate agreement,” Cook wrote. After outlining steps Apple is currently taking toward sustainability, Cook concluded, “Climate change is real and we all share a responsibility to fight it. … Our mission has always been to leave the world better than we found it. We will never waver, because we know that future generations depend on us.” And lest you think it’s just the new, modern vanguard of tech businesses objecting, those CEOs were joined by stalwarts Dow Chemical, Shell Oil, and Exxon Mobil — none of which exactly enjoy public reputations for environmental friendliness. But for public-facing condemnation, the most visible has been The Weather Channel. Although the cable network itself is still owned by a consortium of NBCUniversal and investment groups, since 2016 its website, Weather.com, has been owned by IBM. And that website has been basically as scathing as it is possible for website layout to be. While the formal announcement was taking place yesterday, this was how it looked: And it hasn’t eased up today. Folks seeking weather forecasts are now greeted with a wall full of climate change proof, news, and protests front and center: June 2, 2017 By Kate Cox@kcoxdc money is green climate change capitalism sustainability Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related promises From Apple To Walmart, Over A Dozen Of The Biggest Businesses In The U.S. Sign On To White House Climate Pledge isis is a goddess People And Businesses Named ‘Isis’ Really Don’t Want To Change Their Names what the what TPP: Leaked Chapter Shows Trade Agreement Could Have Big Effects On Drug Prices, Privacy working together Carmakers, Regulators To Announce Agreement To Improve Vehicle Safety changing the game 3M Vows To Avoid Using Paper Sources That Come From Threatened Forests Previous Big Box Stores Blamed For Giant, Terrifying Spider Next Photographer Sues Forever 21, Urban Outfitters Over Tupac T-Shirt Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Photographer Sues Forever 21, Urban Outfitters Over Tupac T-Shirt Return to Top Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Amit Pawar Razor Blade Market: Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecasts 2017–2022 Razor Blade Market analysis is provided for united states market including development trends by regions, competitive analysis of Razor Blade market. A razor blade is a blade used in a razor, typically a flat piece of metal with a sharp edge or edges used in a safety razor which is used to remove unwanted hair from the face or body. Get Sample PDF of Razor Blade Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10656876 Top Manufacturers covered in Razor Blade Market reports are: Gillette(P&G), Edgewell Personal Care, BIC, Laser Razor Blades, Lord, DORCO, Supermax, Harry’s (Feintechnik) and many others. In this introductory section, the research report incorporates analysis of definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. Razor Blade Industry Research Report is backed by extensive primary and secondary research which delivers valuable market insights and competitive analysis of the Razor Blade market. It also includes market opportunities, drivers, restraints, key player profile & their strategies, challenges and investment potential. Furthermore, this report also covers detailed evaluation of these companies with their production, price, revenue and market share. Production plants, their capacities, united states production and revenue are studied. By Product Type Analysis the Razor Blade Market is Segmented into: Double Edge Razor Blades, Single Edge Razor Blades.  By Applications Analysis Razor Blade Market is Segmented into: Men’s razors, Women’s razor. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Razor Blade Market Research Report @ https://www.360marketupdates.com/10656876 Major Regions covered in the Razor Blade Market report include: United States, Canada, Mexico.   Further in the Razor Blade Market research report, following points market opportunities, market risk and market overview are included along with in-depth study of each point. Production of the Razor Blade is analyzed with respect to different regions, types and applications. The sales, revenue, and price analysis by types and applications of Razor Blade market key players is also covered. Both, sales and revenue are studied for the different regions of the united states Razor Blade Market. It also covers Razor Blade market opportunities and threats faced by the vendors in the united states regions. In continuation with sales, this section studies distributors, traders and dealers for the Razor Blade Market. No. Pages in Report: 124 Get Full Access of Razor Blade Market Report at $ 4480 (SUL) @ https://www.360marketupdates.com/purchase/10656876 The next part also sheds light on the gap between supply and consumption. Apart from the mentioned information, growth rate of Razor Blade market in 2022 is also explained. Additionally, type wise and application wise consumption tables and figures of Razor Blade market are also given. CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews, Space TagsBusiness, Razor Blade Market, Razor Blade Market Analysis, Razor Blade Market Forecast, Razor Blade Market Growth, Razor Blade Market Opportunities, Razor Blade Market Research, Razor Blade Market Trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Architecture Curtain Wall Market: Global Analysis of Key Manufacturers, Dynamics & Forecast 2017-2022 Next PostNext Biological Microlenses Market Analysis 2017 (By Segment, Key Players and Applications) and Forecasts To 2022 Search Recent Posts Pacifists cheer Methodist minister ahead of trial for criminal damage Hyland Appoints Charles Hanna as Domestic Director of Insurance Solutions Group Governor Cuomo Announces I Love New York, Israel Ministry of Tourism and El Al Israel Airlines Global Path Through History Partnership Governor Cuomo Announces I Love New York, Israel Ministry of Tourism and El Al Israel Airlines Global Path Through History Partnership Archibald takes CiCLE Classic crown in dramatic Melton Mowbray finale Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Amit Pawar Razor Blade Market: Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecasts 2017–2022 Razor Blade Market analysis is provided for united states market including development trends by regions, competitive analysis of Razor Blade market. A razor blade is a blade used in a razor, typically a flat piece of metal with a sharp edge or edges used in a safety razor which is used to remove unwanted hair from the face or body. Get Sample PDF of Razor Blade Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10656876 Top Manufacturers covered in Razor Blade Market reports are: Gillette(P&G), Edgewell Personal Care, BIC, Laser Razor Blades, Lord, DORCO, Supermax, Harry’s (Feintechnik) and many others. In this introductory section, the research report incorporates analysis of definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. Razor Blade Industry Research Report is backed by extensive primary and secondary research which delivers valuable market insights and competitive analysis of the Razor Blade market. It also includes market opportunities, drivers, restraints, key player profile & their strategies, challenges and investment potential. Furthermore, this report also covers detailed evaluation of these companies with their production, price, revenue and market share. Production plants, their capacities, united states production and revenue are studied. By Product Type Analysis the Razor Blade Market is Segmented into: Double Edge Razor Blades, Single Edge Razor Blades.  By Applications Analysis Razor Blade Market is Segmented into: Men’s razors, Women’s razor. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Razor Blade Market Research Report @ https://www.360marketupdates.com/10656876 Major Regions covered in the Razor Blade Market report include: United States, Canada, Mexico.   Further in the Razor Blade Market research report, following points market opportunities, market risk and market overview are included along with in-depth study of each point. Production of the Razor Blade is analyzed with respect to different regions, types and applications. The sales, revenue, and price analysis by types and applications of Razor Blade market key players is also covered. Both, sales and revenue are studied for the different regions of the united states Razor Blade Market. It also covers Razor Blade market opportunities and threats faced by the vendors in the united states regions. In continuation with sales, this section studies distributors, traders and dealers for the Razor Blade Market. No. Pages in Report: 124 Get Full Access of Razor Blade Market Report at $ 4480 (SUL) @ https://www.360marketupdates.com/purchase/10656876 The next part also sheds light on the gap between supply and consumption. Apart from the mentioned information, growth rate of Razor Blade market in 2022 is also explained. Additionally, type wise and application wise consumption tables and figures of Razor Blade market are also given. CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews, Space TagsBusiness, Razor Blade Market, Razor Blade Market Analysis, Razor Blade Market Forecast, Razor Blade Market Growth, Razor Blade Market Opportunities, Razor Blade Market Research, Razor Blade Market Trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Architecture Curtain Wall Market: Global Analysis of Key Manufacturers, Dynamics & Forecast 2017-2022 Next PostNext Biological Microlenses Market Analysis 2017 (By Segment, Key Players and Applications) and Forecasts To 2022 Search Recent Posts TEENS STARTING SUMMER JOBS AT RISK WARNS LOCAL WORKER SAFETY ADVOCATE Daratumumab Combination Therapy Improved Clinical Outcomes Regardless of Cytogenetic Risk for Previously-Treated Patients with Multiple Myeloma Daratumumab Combination Therapy Improved Clinical Outcomes Regardless of Cytogenetic Risk for Previously-Treated Patients with Multiple Myeloma Mattis, Singapore Defense Minister Discuss Mutual Security Interests Delegations Focus on Counterterrorism, Maritime Security, North Korea Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Navigation Republic of Mining Republic of Mining Home main Home Editor Profile Contact Mission Statement Historic Print Articles About Canadian Mining @sudolstan Return to Content Another multinational employer is fleeing Ontario and the Wynne government doesn’t seem to care – by Bob Runciman (Financial Post – May 31, 2017) June 2, 2017 in Canadian Media Resource Articles, Mining Power Issues, Ontario Economy http://business.financialpost.com/ Bob Runciman, now a senator, served as interim leader of the Ontario PC Party and as minister of Economic Development and Trade. My hometown of Brockville, Ont. was hit with a devastating blow last week with the announcement that multinational consumer-products maker Procter and Gamble is closing its local plant, taking with it 500 jobs. P&G is Brockville’s largest private-sector employer — only the school board and the hospital employ more. The company has been a model corporate citizen for 40 years, donating millions of dollars to local causes and generally making Brockville a better place. And I think it is fair to say Brockville made P&G a better company. The local plant has a well-educated, resourceful, diligent workforce. Although the plant made such household cleaning products as Tide and Bounce over the years, it is most famous as the site that pioneered the Swiffer sweeper. But that’s all history now as P&G joins a growing list of companies leaving Ontario for more hospitable locales, in this case, a new mega-plant in West Virginia. The company is careful to avoid implying that government policy has anything to do with this, but you will notice these new mega-plants are always someplace other than Ontario. And it’s not hard to see why. About the only thing we are competitive on is corporate tax rates and a low dollar. For the rest of this article, click here: http://business.financialpost.com/fp-comment/another-multinational-employer-is-fleeing-ontario-and-the-wynne-government-doesnt-seem-to-care Share this: Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Iron ore market can absorb supply loss from BHP fire: traders – by James Regan (Reuters U.S. – June 1, 2017) Mining reps weary of all talk, no action in Ring of Fire – by Len Gillis (Timmins Daily Press – June 1, 2017) No comments yet. Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment Name (required) Email (will not be published) (required) Website Current ye@r * Leave this field empty Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Categories Abitibi Greenstone Belt (51) Aboriginal and Inuit Mining (2,229) Aboriginal and Inuit Non-Mining Issues (203) Africa Mining (1,512) Aggregates (11) Alaska Mining (73) Aluminium/Bauxite (177) Anglo American (196) Art, Books, Music and Photography About Mining and Northern Topics (132) Artisanal Small-Scale Gold Mining/Mercury Problems (12) Asbestos (90) Asia Mining (1,474) Australia/New Caledonia/Papua New Guinea Mining (1,141) Barrick Gold Corporation (482) Battery Technology Storage Innovation (73) BHP Billiton (448) British Columbia Mining (759) Canada Mining (3,607) Canadian Media Resource Articles (4,162) Canadian Mining Hall of Fame (66) Canadian Mining History (118) Canadian/International Media Resource Articles (3,034) Caribou and Mining (14) Chromium/Platinum Group Metals (447) Cliffs Natural Resources (148) Climate Change, Carbon Taxes and ENGOs (180) Coal (918) Cobalt Town (34) Commodity Super-Cycle and Decline (846) Conflict Minerals (92) Copper (631) Corporate Social Responsibility (269) Critical, Strategic and Rare Earth Minerals and Metals (157) Deep Sea Mining (16) Diamond Mining (422) Elliot Lake (26) Emerald, Ruby, Sapphire, Gemstone Mining (40) Europe Mining (484) Forestry (70) Glencore (491) Global Mining History (1) Gold and Silver (2,107) Goldcorp Inc. (105) Graphite Mining (15) Green Mining (133) Inco and Falconbridge History (78) Industry Clusters for Economic Prosperity (41) International Media Resource Articles (5,610) Iron Ore (1,102) Junior Exploration Sector (169) Kirkland Lake (57) Labrador Iron Trough (48) Latin America Mining (889) Lithium (124) Manitoba Mining (145) Metals and Manufacturing (81) Mining Accidents, Deaths, Cave-Ins and Industrial Disease (56) Mining and Oil Sector Image (365) Mining Association of Canada (55) Mining Child and Slave Labour – Historical and Current (25) Mining Company History (29) Mining Conflict (865) Mining Documentaries (90) Mining Education and Innovation (439) Mining Environmental Accidents, Pollution and Abandoned Mines (444) Mining Environmental, Water Shortage and Land Reclamation/Revegetation Issues (194) Mining History Global/General (10) Mining Labour Issues and History – Sudbury and Global (353) Mining Movies (118) Mining Power Issues (320) Mining Railway and Road Issues (139) Mining Supply and Services Sector (215) Mining Tourism (29) Mining Tragedies (144) Minnesota Duluth Complex and Iron Range (178) Nevada Mining (53) Newfoundland and Labrador Mining (88) Newmont (25) Nickel (659) Nickel Laterites (376) Nickel/Metals/ War – Geopolitical Flashpoints (51) Norilsk Nickel (57) North Bay (99) Northern Miner – Mining Person of the Year Award (44) Northern Ontario History (207) Northern Ontario Politics (644) Northern Ontario Separation and Alienation (407) Northern Ontario/Canada Regional Media (1,834) Oil and Gas Sector-Politics and Image (1,506) Ontario Economy (222) Ontario Far North Act (90) Ontario Mining (2,882) Ontario Mining Association (314) Ontario's Ring of Fire Mineral Discovery (1,712) PDAC (101) PDAC Award Banquet Inductees (52) Peat Energy (18) Platinum Group Metals (26) Potash/Phosphate (320) Quebec Mining (543) Red Lake (45) Resource Nationalism (8) Rio Tinto (467) SAMSSA (88) Saskatchewan Mining (407) Sherritt International Corporation (17) Space Mining (55) Stan Sudol Columns/Media References and Appearances (212) Steel and Stainless Steel Industries (138) Still to file (127) Sudbury Basin (434) Sudbury History (117) Sudbury Laurentian University – Mining Faculties and Research (101) Thompson (67) Thunder Bay (251) Timmins (415) United States Mining (986) United States Mining History (30) Uranium (319) Vale (910) Women in Mining (92) X2 Resources (30) Zinc and Lead (103) ©2017 Republic of Mining. All Rights Reserved. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi North America Men Personal Care Market Research Report 2017 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 02 Jun, 2017, 08:40 ET Share this article DUBLIN, June 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "North America Men Personal Care Market (2016-2022)" report to their offering. Men follow a daily regime of cleansing, moisturizing, protecting, and shaving. They have become more conscious about their health and looks. From dressing to hairstyles everything is taken care of. Moreover, fashion industry has also contributed in the growth of men personal care market. Now-a-days beard and hairstyles has become one of the fashion statements. Men Personal Care Products are used by all the ages; with maximum popularity among the youth. Men personal care includes a diversified range of products. From skin to oral care every product is available in the market with different specifications. The product includes fragrances, skin creams/lotions, hair products, shaving products, mouthwashes etc. From hair gel to soap conglomerate, the products are gaining huge margins for men's grooming market. Increasing dust and pollution have resulted in the consumption of face wash and sun screen products. Additionally, increasing popularity of celebrity oriented products is also high in demands. Usually, Celebs Endorsed products increase the possibility of product's demand. Hence, differentiation in products could bring great opportunity for the men personal care market. The key players operating men personal care market are: - Johnson & Johnson - Unilever - Estée Lauder Companies Inc. - Shiseido Co. Ltd. - Kao Corporation - Avon Products Inc. - Procter & Gamble Co. - Colgate-Palmolive Company Key Topics Covered: 1. Market Scope & Methodology 1.1 Market Definition 1.2 Objectives 1.3 Market Scope 1.4 Segmentation 1.4.1 North America Men Personal Care Market, by Product 1.4.2 North America Men Personal Care Market, by Country 1.5 Methodology for the research 2. Executive Summary 3. Market Overview 3.1 Introduction 3.2 Drivers, Restraints and Opportunities 3.2.1 Market Drivers 3.2.2 Market Restraints 4. North America Men Personal Care Market 4.1 North America Men Personal Care Market by Product 4.2 North America Men Skin Care Market by Country 4.2.1 North America Men Skin Care Market by Type 4.2.1.1 North America Face & Neck Cream / Lotions Market by Country 4.2.1.2 North America Body & Head Cream / Lotions Market by Country 4.2.1.3 North America Cleansers & Moisturizers Market by Country 4.2.2 North America Men Hair Care Market by Country 4.2.3 North America Men Hair Care Market by Type 4.2.3.1 North America Shampoo & Rinses Systems Market by Country 4.2.3.2 North America Hair Gel Market by Country 4.2.3.3 North America Hair Conditioner Market by Country 4.2.3.4 North America Hair Sprays & Creams Market by Country 4.2.3.5 North America Hair Dyes & Colors Market by Country 4.2.4 North America Men Personal Cleanliness Market by Country 4.2.5 North America Men Personal Cleanliness Market by Type 4.2.5.1 North America Fragrances Market by Country 4.2.5.2 North America Soaps Market by Country 4.2.5.3 North America Body Powder Market by Country 4.2.6 North America Men Shaving Market by Country 4.2.7 North America Men Shaving Market by Type 4.2.7.1 North America Shaving Cream Market by Country 4.2.7.2 North America Shaving Lotion Market by Country 4.2.7.3 North America Shaving Soaps Market by Country 4.2.7.4 North America Pre-Shave Lotion Market by Country 4.2.8 North America Other Men Personal Care Market by Country 4.2.9 North America Other Men Personal Care Market by Type 4.2.9.1 North America Mouth Washes & Breath Fresheners Market by Country 4.2.9.2 North America Dental Care Tools Market by Country 4.2.9.3 North America Facial Makeup Market by Country 4.2.9.4 North America Other Market by Country 5. North America Men Personal Care Market by Country 5.1 Introduction 5.2 US Men Personal Care Market 5.3 Canada Men Personal Care Market 5.4 Mexico Men Personal Care Market 5.5 Rest of North America Men Personal Care Market 6. Company Profiles For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/nc8x25/north_america_men Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/north-america-men-personal-care-market-research-report-2017---research-and-markets-300467808.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 02 Jun, 2017, 08:50 ET Preview: Emergency Shutdown System Market - Forecasts from 2016 to 2021 - Driven by Government Regulations Necessitating Implementation of ESD Systems Across Different Industrial Sectors - Research and Markets 02 Jun, 2017, 08:30 ET Preview: North America Video Management Software Market, 2022: Market is Anticipated to at a CAGR of 18.3% - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 02 Jun, 2017, 19:20 ET Global Influenza Drugs and Vaccines Market 2016-2021:By Drugs... 02 Jun, 2017, 19:20 ET India Video Surveillance as a Service Market,-2023: Market is... Explore More news releases in similar topics Cosmetics and Personal Care Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: North America Men Personal Care Market Research Report 2017 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 02 Jun, 2017, 08:40 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women North America Men Personal Care Market Research Report 2017 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 02 Jun, 2017, 13:40 BST Share this article DUBLIN, June 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "North America Men Personal Care Market (2016-2022)" report to their offering. Men follow a daily regime of cleansing, moisturizing, protecting, and shaving. They have become more conscious about their health and looks. From dressing to hairstyles everything is taken care of. Moreover, fashion industry has also contributed in the growth of men personal care market. Now-a-days beard and hairstyles has become one of the fashion statements. Men Personal Care Products are used by all the ages; with maximum popularity among the youth. Men personal care includes a diversified range of products. From skin to oral care every product is available in the market with different specifications. The product includes fragrances, skin creams/lotions, hair products, shaving products, mouthwashes etc. From hair gel to soap conglomerate, the products are gaining huge margins for men's grooming market. Increasing dust and pollution have resulted in the consumption of face wash and sun screen products. Additionally, increasing popularity of celebrity oriented products is also high in demands. Usually, Celebs Endorsed products increase the possibility of product's demand. Hence, differentiation in products could bring great opportunity for the men personal care market. The key players operating men personal care market are: - Johnson & Johnson - Unilever - Estée Lauder Companies Inc. - Shiseido Co. Ltd. - Kao Corporation - Avon Products Inc. - Procter & Gamble Co. - Colgate-Palmolive Company Key Topics Covered: 1. Market Scope & Methodology 1.1 Market Definition 1.2 Objectives 1.3 Market Scope 1.4 Segmentation 1.4.1 North America Men Personal Care Market, by Product 1.4.2 North America Men Personal Care Market, by Country 1.5 Methodology for the research 2. Executive Summary 3. Market Overview 3.1 Introduction 3.2 Drivers, Restraints and Opportunities 3.2.1 Market Drivers 3.2.2 Market Restraints 4. North America Men Personal Care Market 4.1 North America Men Personal Care Market by Product 4.2 North America Men Skin Care Market by Country 4.2.1 North America Men Skin Care Market by Type 4.2.1.1 North America Face & Neck Cream / Lotions Market by Country 4.2.1.2 North America Body & Head Cream / Lotions Market by Country 4.2.1.3 North America Cleansers & Moisturizers Market by Country 4.2.2 North America Men Hair Care Market by Country 4.2.3 North America Men Hair Care Market by Type 4.2.3.1 North America Shampoo & Rinses Systems Market by Country 4.2.3.2 North America Hair Gel Market by Country 4.2.3.3 North America Hair Conditioner Market by Country 4.2.3.4 North America Hair Sprays & Creams Market by Country 4.2.3.5 North America Hair Dyes & Colors Market by Country 4.2.4 North America Men Personal Cleanliness Market by Country 4.2.5 North America Men Personal Cleanliness Market by Type 4.2.5.1 North America Fragrances Market by Country 4.2.5.2 North America Soaps Market by Country 4.2.5.3 North America Body Powder Market by Country 4.2.6 North America Men Shaving Market by Country 4.2.7 North America Men Shaving Market by Type 4.2.7.1 North America Shaving Cream Market by Country 4.2.7.2 North America Shaving Lotion Market by Country 4.2.7.3 North America Shaving Soaps Market by Country 4.2.7.4 North America Pre-Shave Lotion Market by Country 4.2.8 North America Other Men Personal Care Market by Country 4.2.9 North America Other Men Personal Care Market by Type 4.2.9.1 North America Mouth Washes & Breath Fresheners Market by Country 4.2.9.2 North America Dental Care Tools Market by Country 4.2.9.3 North America Facial Makeup Market by Country 4.2.9.4 North America Other Market by Country 5. North America Men Personal Care Market by Country 5.1 Introduction 5.2 US Men Personal Care Market 5.3 Canada Men Personal Care Market 5.4 Mexico Men Personal Care Market 5.5 Rest of North America Men Personal Care Market 6. Company Profiles For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/nc8x25/north_america_men Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 02 Jun, 2017, 13:50 BST Preview: Emergency Shutdown System Market - Forecasts from 2016 to 2021 - Driven by Government Regulations Necessitating Implementation of ESD Systems Across Different Industrial Sectors - Research and Markets 02 Jun, 2017, 13:30 BST Preview: North America Video Management Software Market, 2022: Market is Anticipated to at a CAGR of 18.3% - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 03 Jun, 2017, 00:30 BSTGlobal Influenza Drugs and Vaccines Market 2016-2021:By Drugs... 03 Jun, 2017, 00:20 BSTIndia Video Surveillance as a Service Market,-2023: Market is... Explore More news releases in similar topics Cosmetics and Personal Care Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: North America Men Personal Care Market Research Report 2017 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 02 Jun, 2017, 13:40 BST Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Face Makeup Market Share, Size, Growth Opportunities, Key Driven Factors, Global Market Scenario and Forecast to 2022 This report covers market characteristics, size and growth, segmentation, regional breakdowns, competitive landscape, market shares, trends and strategies PUNE, INDIA, June 2, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — In this report, the global Face Makeup market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Face Makeup in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Global Face Makeup market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1327157-global-face-makeup-market-research-report-2017 The top players including L’Oreal P & G Estee Lauder Shiseido Unilever LVMH Chanel PPG Amore LG Evian Chantecaille LA COLLINE AVON On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Foundation Bronzer Powder Concealer Blush Other On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Face Makeup for each application, including Online Shop & Supermarket Exclusive Shop Make an enquiry of this Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1327157-global-face-makeup-market-research-report-2017 If you have any special requirements, please let us know and we will offer you the report as you want. Table of Contents Global Face Makeup Market Research Report 2017 1 Face Makeup Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Face Makeup 1.2 Face Makeup Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Face Makeup Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Face Makeup Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Foundation 1.2.4 Bronzer 1.2.5 Powder 1.2.6 Concealer 1.2.7 Blush 1.2.8 Other 1.3 Global Face Makeup Segment by Application 1.3.1 Face Makeup Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Online 1.3.3 Shop & Supermarket 1.3.4 Exclusive Shop 1.4 Global Face Makeup Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Face Makeup Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Face Makeup (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Face Makeup Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Face Makeup Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 2 Global Face Makeup Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1 Global Face Makeup Capacity, Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.1 Global Face Makeup Capacity and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.2 Global Face Makeup Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.2 Global Face Makeup Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.3 Global Face Makeup Average Price by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.4 Manufacturers Face Makeup Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area and Product Type 2.5 Face Makeup Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 Face Makeup Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 Face Makeup Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion 3 Global Face Makeup Capacity, Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2012-2017) 3.1 Global Face Makeup Capacity and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.2 Global Face Makeup Production and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.3 Global Face Makeup Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.4 Global Face Makeup Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.5 North America Face Makeup Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.6 Europe Face Makeup Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.7 China Face Makeup Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.8 Japan Face Makeup Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.9 Southeast Asia Face Makeup Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.10 India Face Makeup Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 4 Global Face Makeup Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Region (2012-2017) 4.1 Global Face Makeup Consumption by Region (2012-2017) 4.2 North America Face Makeup Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.3 Europe Face Makeup Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.4 China Face Makeup Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.5 Japan Face Makeup Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.6 Southeast Asia Face Makeup Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.7 India Face Makeup Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 5 Global Face Makeup Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type 5.1 Global Face Makeup Production and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.2 Global Face Makeup Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.3 Global Face Makeup Price by Type (2012-2017) 5.4 Global Face Makeup Production Growth by Type (2012-2017) 6 Global Face Makeup Market Analysis by Application 6.1 Global Face Makeup Consumption and Market Share by Application (2012-2017) 6.2 Global Face Makeup Consumption Growth Rate by Application (2012-2017) 6.3 Market Drivers and Opportunities 6.3.1 Potential Applications 6.3.2 Emerging Markets/Countries ……Continued Purchase Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1327157 Norah Trent Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)/+91 841 198 5042 (IND) email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Electronic Payment System For Transportation Market Revenue and Value Chain 2016-2026 Next PostNext Macquarie Global Infrastructure Total Return Fund Inc. Announces Regular Quarterly Distribution Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Global Baby Care Products Market Projections, SWOT Analysis, Risk Analysis, Trends and Forecast by 2022 – Market Research Report 2017 According to Stratistics MRC, the baby care products market is valued at $58.43 billion in 2015 and is projected to reach $102.31 million by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 8.3% from 2015 to 2022. Rapidly increasing baby population in emerging countries is the key driver for the growth of baby care products market. Additionally, changing lifestyle of consumers with increasing disposable income in emerging economies, growing number of working mothers, rising awareness of consumers about child hygiene and increased spending on baby care products are the factors favouring the market growth. However, stringent regulations regarding usage of chemicals and high product development and innovation costs are the factors hindering the market growth. Browse the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/baby-care-products-global-market-outlook-2015-2022 Baby skin care products and toiletries accounted a major share in baby care products market over the forecast period. At present, the penetration of baby hair care products has smaller market, however this segment is likely to witness highest growth during the forecast period. North America and Europe are the major markets for baby care products. Asia Pacific is expected to witness highest growth on account of rapidly increasing child population, considerably rising disposable incomes and changing lifestyle of consumers in emerging countries such as China and India. Some of the key players in the global market include Abbott Nutrition, Alliance Boots, Asda Group Ltd., Dabur, Johnson & Johnson, Kimberly-Clark, Nestle, Nivea, Oral B Laboratories Ltd., Procter & Gamble Company, Unilever, Himalaya Drug Company, Wipro, Fisher-Price and Marico. Request a sample of the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/184684 Baby Cosmetics and Toiletries Covered: Baby Skin Care Products Baby Powder Baby Massage Oil Body Lotions Creams/Moisturizers/Jelly Bath Products Baby Soaps Bubble Bath/Shower gel Baby Hair Care Products Detangles Baby Shampoo and Conditioner Other Cosmetics and Toiletries Baby Wipes Baby Fragrances/Perfumes Diapers Baby Foods Covered: Baby Milk Product Desserts Animal Milk Yogurt Frozen Baby Food Frozen Fruits Baby Food Frozen Vegetarian Baby Food Frozen Non-Vegetarian Baby Food Baby Juice Market Baby Fruit Juice Mixed Juices Baby Vegetable Juices Baby Food Snacks Biscuit/Cookies Rusks Puffs Baby Food Soups Non-vegetarian soup Vegetarian soup Pureed Baby Food Baby Fruit Juices Baby Vegetable Juices Baby Food Cereals Baby Safety and Convenience Covered: Baby Strollers Baby Car Seats Regions Covered: North America US Canada Mexico Europe Germany France Italy UK Spain Rest of Europe Asia Pacific Japan China India Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Rest of the World Middle East Brazil Argentina South Africa Egypt What our report offers: Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments Market share analysis of the top industry players Strategic recommendations for the new entrants Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancement Major Points From The Table Of Contents: 1 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Region 2 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Baby Cosmetics and Toiletries 3 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Baby Skin Care Products 4 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Baby Powder 5 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Baby Massage Oil 6 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Body Lotions 7 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Creams/Moisturizers/Jelly 8 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Bath Products 9 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Baby Soaps 10 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Bubble Bath/Shower gel 11 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Baby Hair Care Products 12 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Detangles 13 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Baby Shampoo and Conditioner 14 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Other Cosmetics and Toiletries 15 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Baby Wipes 16 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Baby Fragrances/Perfumes 17 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Diapers 18 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Baby Food 19 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Baby Milk Product 20 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Desserts About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Email: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsGlobal Baby Care Products Market, Healthcare Post navigation Previous PostPrevious United States Sodium Azide Market Analysis, Guidelines Overview and Upcoming Trends Forecast till 2022 Next PostNext TOYOTA GAZOO Racing trio take on Sardinian gravel challenge Posted on 2 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Global Baby Care Products Market Projections, SWOT Analysis, Risk Analysis, Trends and Forecast by 2022 – Market Research Report 2017 According to Stratistics MRC, the baby care products market is valued at $58.43 billion in 2015 and is projected to reach $102.31 million by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 8.3% from 2015 to 2022. Rapidly increasing baby population in emerging countries is the key driver for the growth of baby care products market. Additionally, changing lifestyle of consumers with increasing disposable income in emerging economies, growing number of working mothers, rising awareness of consumers about child hygiene and increased spending on baby care products are the factors favouring the market growth. However, stringent regulations regarding usage of chemicals and high product development and innovation costs are the factors hindering the market growth. Browse the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/baby-care-products-global-market-outlook-2015-2022 Baby skin care products and toiletries accounted a major share in baby care products market over the forecast period. At present, the penetration of baby hair care products has smaller market, however this segment is likely to witness highest growth during the forecast period. North America and Europe are the major markets for baby care products. Asia Pacific is expected to witness highest growth on account of rapidly increasing child population, considerably rising disposable incomes and changing lifestyle of consumers in emerging countries such as China and India. Some of the key players in the global market include Abbott Nutrition, Alliance Boots, Asda Group Ltd., Dabur, Johnson & Johnson, Kimberly-Clark, Nestle, Nivea, Oral B Laboratories Ltd., Procter & Gamble Company, Unilever, Himalaya Drug Company, Wipro, Fisher-Price and Marico. Request a sample of the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/184684 Baby Cosmetics and Toiletries Covered: Baby Skin Care Products Baby Powder Baby Massage Oil Body Lotions Creams/Moisturizers/Jelly Bath Products Baby Soaps Bubble Bath/Shower gel Baby Hair Care Products Detangles Baby Shampoo and Conditioner Other Cosmetics and Toiletries Baby Wipes Baby Fragrances/Perfumes Diapers Baby Foods Covered: Baby Milk Product Desserts Animal Milk Yogurt Frozen Baby Food Frozen Fruits Baby Food Frozen Vegetarian Baby Food Frozen Non-Vegetarian Baby Food Baby Juice Market Baby Fruit Juice Mixed Juices Baby Vegetable Juices Baby Food Snacks Biscuit/Cookies Rusks Puffs Baby Food Soups Non-vegetarian soup Vegetarian soup Pureed Baby Food Baby Fruit Juices Baby Vegetable Juices Baby Food Cereals Baby Safety and Convenience Covered: Baby Strollers Baby Car Seats Regions Covered: North America US Canada Mexico Europe Germany France Italy UK Spain Rest of Europe Asia Pacific Japan China India Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Rest of the World Middle East Brazil Argentina South Africa Egypt What our report offers: Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments Market share analysis of the top industry players Strategic recommendations for the new entrants Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancement Major Points From The Table Of Contents: 1 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Region 2 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Baby Cosmetics and Toiletries 3 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Baby Skin Care Products 4 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Baby Powder 5 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Baby Massage Oil 6 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Body Lotions 7 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Creams/Moisturizers/Jelly 8 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Bath Products 9 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Baby Soaps 10 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Bubble Bath/Shower gel 11 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Baby Hair Care Products 12 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Detangles 13 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Baby Shampoo and Conditioner 14 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Other Cosmetics and Toiletries 15 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Baby Wipes 16 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Baby Fragrances/Perfumes 17 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Diapers 18 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Baby Food 19 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Baby Milk Product 20 Global Baby Care Products Market Outlook, By Desserts About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Email: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsGlobal Baby Care Products Market, Healthcare Post navigation Previous PostPrevious United States Sodium Azide Market Analysis, Guidelines Overview and Upcoming Trends Forecast till 2022 Next PostNext TOYOTA GAZOO Racing trio take on Sardinian gravel challenge Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to Content RedMonk the developer-focused industry analyst firm Become a client Menu Videos Research Events About Team Services Clients Contact Search @redmonk James Governor's Monkchips Addressing the lack of diversity in tech, one smart young person at time. Let’s send Isaiah Lynn to Harvard By jgovernor | June 1, 2017 Share via Twitter Share via Facebook Share via Linkedin Share via Reddit Trying to psychologically cope with all the inequality in the world can be overwhelming. One way to deal with feelings of powerlessness is by doing something. You definitely can’t fix all the things but you can contribute to fixing one thing. So let me introduce you to Isaiah Lynn. He’s pretty awesome. He studies at University College London, has an internship at JP Morgan this summer, and just got accepted into a course that will see him spend the third year of his undergraduate studies at Harvard and MIT. That’s the good news. The bad news – the funding he expected to get for the program from a charity just fell through, so he’s crowd-funding to raise the £64k (around $82k) he needs to pay for tuition. He recently hit the 10k mark, so there is plenty to do but things are looking good. I first met Isaiah at Thingmonk, our IoT conference. He was one of our Diversity Scholars, in a program sponsored by the Eclipse Foundation, which involved crispy new business cards from Moo, free tickets and mentoring from great people like Thomas Otter of SuccessFactors SAP. We wanted to do more than just give out some free tickets, but to build a program of engagement before, during and after the event. Christie Fidura laid down the framework. The scholarship intake at Thingmonk 2016 was stellar – bright, enthusiastic and personable. So many talented people joining us from underrepresented groups in tech. Sometimes in our industry though diversity is shorthand for gender diversity, but Thingmonk really opened my eyes. Having a significant number of black people at your event makes it way better. And our scholars were all fired up- here’s Ivan Beckley’s great write up – A BLACK medical student at an internet of things (IoT) conference — WTF? One thing that really struck me was that many of the young people that attended were already high achievers: Internships at JP Morgan, fast track management programs at Colgate-Palmolive, “clinical entrepreneurs” at the the NHS. What could we do for them, when they were going to crush it anyway? It turns out that one of simple things we did was include them, and inspire them. I talked to Isaiah earlier today and he said that attending ThingMonk had led him to radically reconsider the options open to him. Why shouldn’t an anthropology student, raised in Stratford, become a tech VC? “Sometimes we are told that we cannot achieve an aspiration or that our aspirations are too high. We are told that due to our ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, class, or disability, our dream is unachievable. No. What is important, as far as I am concerned, is not how our background can limit us, but rather how our background can propel us to our destination. Coming from a humble income, lone parent family, growing up in inner-city London could have stopped me reaching some of my aspirations. But, it has not. Instead, it has motivated me to explore just how far I can go with limited resources. I have come this far, and I still have a way to go.” So why do I care? I care about creating opportunities for people because it’s who I am. I was raised that way. But i am not going to lie – my wife is black and having mixed race kids does make the lack of diversity in tech a bit more personal. I want my sons and daughter to be as welcome in tech as I have been, if they choose that route. So back to Isaiah and crowd-funded education. One thing I learned in running our successful campaign to open the Village Hall was that people don’t fund things if they don’t get something back. It’s very hard to just say hey please fund my education. But Isaiah is the talent, the pipeline, the future of business success. You don’t want to support him because he needs the money, but because he’s going to bring value to your business in future. So I thought why not reach out to VCs I know and see if they’d be willing to contribute, on the basis that he could join as a research assistant after graduation. Isaiah has already reached out the the Harvard Ventures group, and he’s all in. At UCL he’s been involved in their VC program too, and has already helped fund 4 companies with support from VCs including Accel Partners and Balderton Capital. Why not have a chat with him? Obviously if you happen to have enough funds you can contribute to his campaign please do so – his crowd funding page is here, please read it. But I figured going after some VCs i know was one way I might be able to help. Bottom line – there are not enough black people in tech, and definitely not enough in the VC world. We need to redress the balance. Isaiah Lynn in super smart and he will work himself to the bone to succeed. You don’t get a place to Harvard without doing the work, especially if you’re a black man from Stratford. No Comments Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Recent Posts “Serverless and the the death of devops”. Can you not? Addressing the lack of diversity in tech, one smart young person at time. Let’s send Isaiah Lynn to Harvard So what even is a Service Mesh? Hot take on Istio and Linkerd So where’s the Visual Studio Code at? Just how many darned developers are there in the world? GitHub is puzzled Privacy Clients Contact Services Briefings [email protected] RedMonk 95 High Street Suite 206 Portland, ME 04101 Twitter YouTube
<iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KX9ZXT" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> Arab countries severing diplomatic relations with Qatar World June 05, 7:48 Putin recalls Kennedy’s assassination to compare with Russia’s alleged interference Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 05, 3:49 In connection with terrorist acts in London police arrest 12 people World June 04, 17:34 Trump following London attacks calls for stopping being politically correct World June 04, 17:26 Death toll from London terrorist attacks rises to seven World June 04, 14:09 Putin's annual televised Q&A session due on June 15 Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 04, 8:51 Investigation begins into murder of eight people in central Russia Society & Culture June 04, 8:21 Six people died in terrorist acts in London - police World June 04, 6:59 Casualties present as result of London Bridge incident - BBC citing police World June 04, 1:55 {{element.title}} {{element.heading}} {{element.date}} Back to Main page Back to Main page Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Tags Media Press Releases Infographics Select the city Moscow St.-Petersburg Novosibirsk Ekaterinburg Nizhny Novgorod Samara Kazan Omsk Chelyabinsk Rostov-on-Don Ufa Volgograd Perm Krasnoyarsk Voronezh Currency converter USD EUR GBP CHF JPY CNY Back to Currency converter Exchange rate USD → RUR Сurrency Converter History course Please enter an amount Amount: From: ↔ To: Exchange rate on: 05.06.2017 04.06.2017 03.06.2017 02.06.2017 01.06.2017 31.05.2017 30.05.2017 ^ News Feed Sections Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review More Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review All news News Feed News Search Topics All Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review ОК Use filter You can filter your feed, by choosing only interesting sections. Go to Search More news Stimulating demand in the Russian consumer market Business & Economy ► SPIEF-2017 June 02, 6:14 UTC+3 Share 1 pages in this article KEY CONCLUSIONS: Market players expect recovery of demand after a long decline “Consumer spending in Russia is still not back to the level it was in 2014, however, there is some expectation that it might be some increase now in 2017, maybe a 1–2% increase in consumer spending mostly from a little higher oil price, increase in agriculture and also more trade with China,” said Pal Erik Sjatil, Managing Partner for EEMA, McKinsey & Company.  “The retail market has passed a certain period <...> of purification, and it appears that banks updated their product portfolios and resumed consumer lending,” said Ruben Aganbegyan, Chairman of the Supervisory Board, Bank Otkritie Financial Corporation; Member of the Board of Directors, Otkritie Holding. “I am a little bit more optimistic. <...> The economy is improving. <...> The stable exchange rate is helping in achieving [this]. <...> [People] are adjusting to the new reality,” said Silviu Popovich, President, PepsiCo Russia, Ukraine and CIS. Russia’s consumers are becoming more demanding “A class of professional consumers, or “prosumers”, is emerging in Russia. <...> Consumers really want to be informed and educated, want to know what they wear, what they eat, what they buy for their children <...> Only 11% of consumers are ready to sacrifice <...> quality, according to the Russian Public Opinion Research Centre (VCIOM),” said Maxim Protasov, Head, Russian Quality System. “The consumer behaviour has changed. Even today, on my products, 75% of consumers are looking at their mobile phone when they’re purchasing a detergent or a diaper,” said Sotirios Marinidis, Vice President Eastern Europe and Central Asia, P&G. “Buyers have become more price-sensitive,” Vladimir Chirakhov, General Director, Detsky Mir Group. CHALLENGES: Business is facing stronger competition with ever-shrinking profits "Margins of the players have been more squeezed mostly due to devaluation, which has led to the increase in the cost of goods sold," said Pal Erik Sjatil. "Competition within the industry has grown significantly stronger. This is certainly due to the lower purchasing power, and we all see what a dramatic impact it has on the market,' said Igor Shekhterman. "Unfortunately, we do not see many positive trends in the segment of goods for children. As a matter of fact, the market growth is close to zero," said Vladimir Chirakhov. "Many players have demonstrated either feeble or negative year-on-year growth", said Igor Shekhterman, CEO, Х5 Retail Group N.V. SOLUTIONS: Focus on innovation, new technologies and diversification "The increase in e-payments is an important trade driver in its own right. <...> Convenience of payments and transactions greatly boosts the demand. <...> Convenience, innovation and changes in the consumer behaviour are currently the key drivers in the payments industry, which also contribute to the overall demand growth," said Ekaterina Petelina, General Director, Visa Payment System LLC. "If people find it easier to shop in the proximity stores, they will do it more often and readily <...> We need to develop different retail formats <...> and encourage the consumers to spend their money by creating accessible infrastructure," said Viktor Evtukhov, State Secretary, Deputy Minister of Industry and Trade of the Russian Federation. Improvements in management quality, lower costs and investments in infrastructure "Import substitution gave us a fresh start and led to lower prices, including for meat and dairy products. Further growth is still an option, <...> if we start investing in logistics infrastructure," said Igor Shekhterman. "We tend to focus more on promotions and use aggressive pricing. <...> At the end of the day, that will result in lower margins <...>, hence, the management primarily focuses on the internal corporate processes trying to find a way to rebuild the company," said Vladimir Chirakhov.   {{item.group_date}} {{item.suffix?", "+item.suffix:""}} Show more Share Top News June 05, 7:48 Arab countries severing diplomatic relations with Qatar June 05, 7:48 June 04, 17:34 In connection with terrorist acts in London police arrest 12 people June 04, 17:34 June 05, 3:49 Putin recalls Kennedy’s assassination to compare with Russia’s alleged interference June 05, 3:49 June 04, 14:09 Death toll from London terrorist attacks rises to seven June 04, 14:09 In other media Реклама Photo 12 The 2017 World Car of the Year and its rivals at the New York Auto Show 15 How Russians conquered the Arctic in vintage photos 13 Futuristic supercars at the Geneva Motor Show Infographics Russia's gas pipelines to Europe by 2018 Gas agreement signed by Russia, Ukraine and the EU Altai gas pipeline Economical sanctions against Russia Most read Now Today This week 1 Putin recalls Kennedy’s assassination to compare with Russia’s alleged interference 2 Lives of those who turned Trump’s alleged ties with Russia into sensation boring - Putin 3 Vostochny space center to get launch pad for super-heavy rocket before 2030 4 Russia’s ‘soldier of the future’ combat gear excels foreign rivals by armor protection 5 More than 380 agreements were signed at SPIEF-2017 for 2 trillion rubles ($35.32 bln) 6 Russia’s economic policy no longer depends on oil prices - Economic Development Minister 7 Chairman of Saudi Aramco on meeting with Putin, travelling to Arctic and OPEC deal 1 Putin asked Bill Clinton to consider option Russia might join NATO 2 Russia’s economic policy no longer depends on oil prices - Economic Development Minister 3 More than 380 agreements were signed at SPIEF-2017 for 2 trillion rubles ($35.32 bln) 4 Putin recalls Kennedy’s assassination to compare with Russia’s alleged interference 5 Six people died in terrorist acts in London - police 6 Trump following London attacks calls for stopping being politically correct 7 Chairman of Saudi Aramco on meeting with Putin, travelling to Arctic and OPEC deal 1 Moscow concerned over US threats against Syria’s armed forces 2 Russia’s cutting-edge fighter jet to enter service this year 3 Moscow mayor says Monday's hurricane 'unprecedented' 4 Russian cruise missiles hit terrorist targets near Palmyra 5 Putin asked Bill Clinton to consider option Russia might join NATO 6 Russian anti-submarine destroyer enters English Channel 7 Putin jokes about climate change, US hegemony at St. Petersburg forum TOP STORIES CONFLICT IN SYRIA RUSSIA'S DEFENSE INDUSTRY OIL& GAS INDUSTRY SPACE PROGRAMS Реклама News Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Sections Tags Media Press Releases Infographics About us TASS TODAY AGENCY NEWS TASS HISTORY MANAGEMENT CONTACTS Services TASS-PHOTO TASS-ONLINE TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age. © 2017 TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Research Report and Overview on BRICS Disposable Hygiene Products Market 2016-2026 by FMI Global Study Valley Cottage, NY — (SBWIRE) — 06/01/2017 — The disposable hygiene products market is witnessing an annual growth of nearly 6-7% due to increased consumer spending on personal care products globally. In addition, the demand for improvised comfort, performance and efficient absorbent hygiene products is expected to drive demand for disposable hygiene products in the near future. Concerns for safety, convenience and hygiene are identified as key factors affecting growth of disposable hygiene products market. Furthermore, rising consumption of products such as sanitary pads, wipes, baby products and others across the globe is anticipated to drive demand for disposable hygiene products market in near future. Among the developing economies, increasing population and manufacture of such products in countries such as India and China and low penetration of these products is expected to open opportunities for growth of the market in BRICS. Moreover, industry-sophistication is expected to fuel the demand for disposable hygiene products in Brazil. Apart from increasing population in BRICS, economic development particularly in countries such as China and India is a key factor contributing towards substantial growth of disposable hygiene products market in the region. Furthermore, increasing disposable income, rising expenditure or consumer spending on personal hygiene and increasing hygiene concerns are expected to fuel demand for disposable hygiene products over the next five to six years. Also, increasing Internet penetration is a prime factor supporting wide distribution of these products to tech-savvy consumers in BRICS via the medium of online retailing. Internet penetration is expected to enhance distribution of these products, leading to increased consumption and brand visibility among consumers in BRICS. Request Report Sample@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-br-107 Although hygiene concerns rank high among consumers in the BRICS region, low awareness among people in rural areas coupled with low adoption of products in regular operations could hamper growth of the market. However, some international companies are focused on advertising campaigns along with the government awareness campaigns regarding hygiene. Although hygiene concerns in BRICS region is high, low awareness among people in rural areas coupled with low adoption of products on a regular basis is expected to restrict market growth. Moreover, cost reduction coupled with efficient packaging of the disposable hygiene products is concern for companies operating in this market. As a result, a few international companies are focusing on advertising campaigns along with product portfolio expansion through opening of new manufacturing units. For instance, Unicharm Corporation, Procter & Gamble India and Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget SCA (publ.) among others, have opened new manufacturing units for hygiene products in India. For instance, Unicharm Corporation invested US $ 39.2 million to set up a manufacturing facility with the objective to develop baby care, pet care and feminine care products in India. The disposable hygiene products market is segmented on the basis of product type and material used in products. The various disposable hygiene products include nappies, diapers, toilet paper, wipes, sanitary protection, kitchen towels, paper tableware, cotton pads and buds. These products are classified according to age-group since product usage differs accordingly. On the basis of age-group, the market has been segmented into adult care, feminine care and baby care. The materials used in these products are broadly classified as woven or non-woven, which depends on the acceptability of the product as well as age-group for which they are designed. Among all the product categories, the sanitary pads and baby products are collectively expected to be a promising area in the BRICS disposable hygiene products market. Among all the BRICS countries, India and China are expected to witness an increase in demand for disposable hygiene products, followed by Brazil and Russia. Request For TOC@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-br-107 Investments by local players for disposable hygiene products are increasing rapidly, which is expected to lead towards a strong competitive database. This in turn is predicted to enhance the competitiveness among local as well as international players, leading to substantial investments in this market in future. Prominent players in this market include Dispowear Sterite Company, Kimberley Clark Corporation, Disposable Hygiene Products Ltd., BOSTIK SA, BAHP, UNICHARM Corporation, Procter & Gamble Company, Unicharm Corporation, Kao Corporation and Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget SCA (publ). CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Zinc Diacrylate Diacetate Market Overview, Development by Companies and Comparative Analysis by 2021 Next PostNext Global Steam Boiler Systems Market Industry, Growth, Trends, and Forecast Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
null
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / CGT Reveals Finalists for 2017 CMO of the Year Award CGT Reveals Finalists for 2017 CMO of the Year Award Posted on June 1, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. Presented at the 2017 Consumer Goods Sales & Marketing Summit, the fourth annual award honors the unique and powerful role of today’s marketing leaders in the increasingly competitive consumer goods industry. Randolph, New Jersey (PRWEB) June 01, 2017 Consumer Goods Technology (CGT) will present its fourth annual CMO of the Year award during a special ceremony on June 6th at the 2017 Consumer Goods Sales & Marketing Summit in New York City. This one of-a-kind award will be given to the Chief Marketing Officer who has made the largest demonstrable impact on his/her consumer goods organization through the implementation and successful use of new marketing strategies, technologies and/or processes. The nominations have been open since January 2017, submitted by members of the consumer goods community. Narrowing the nominations down to four deserving individuals, CGT has presented them to its esteemed Editorial and Research Advisory Boards for voting. Here are this year's finalists for CMO of the Year: David Kroll, MillerCoors David Kroll is responsible for leading the company’s efforts in brand marketing, innovation, insights, media, and sports and event marketing. Previously, Kroll was vice president of innovation for MillerCoors. Prior to joining MillerCoors in 2012, Kroll spent more than 20 years in marketing and operations, driving profitable growth for some of the world's most recognized brands, which included a range of leadership positions with Dyson, Alberto Culver (Unilever), Wrigley, P&G and Cargill. He initiated a global media review that concluded in early 2017 already bringing a greater focus and consistency to the marketing plan. His team took on responsibility for the Blue Moon and Leinenkugel brands last fall. Unique recent efforts have included a tie-in with Uber that offered Chicago Cubs and White Sox fans free rides home from the teams' 2017 season openers. Peter McGuinness, Chobani McGuinness was a "CMO of the Year" finalist last year, but what makes him worth additional recognition is what happened in 2016: Chobani stopped being simply "America’s No. 1-selling Greek Yogurt brand" and became "America's No. 2-selling yogurt brand," having completed an impressive 9-year rise to the top of the category. As Chief Marketing & Brand Officer since 2013, McGuinness has helped build a truly authentic brand that resonates deeply with younger, more socially conscious consumers. A recently launched "Believe in Food" branding campaign promotes the community values that are a core component of the brand's (and company's) positioning. Social channels (not to mention social issues) and other non-traditional media were critical to Chobani's early development and are still a key component of the strategy. Chobani recently was recognized by Fast Company as one of the top 10 most innovative companies in the world and was recently featured on 60 Minutes. Marie Gulin-Merle, L’Oréal USA Marie Gulin-Merle was named Chief Marketing Officer for L’Oréal USA in June 2014. Her team almost immediately began working with General Assembly to create a "GMAT for Digital" training program to get L’Oréal’s marketers up to speed on best practices for data, search engine optimization, mobile marketing, social media and content creation. In ranking her as the 13th "Most Innovative CMO" last December, Business Insider said Gulin-Merle has turned L’Oréal USA into a "digital powerhouse" through a "first-adopter approach to new platforms and ad formats." Efforts have included a Snapchat campaign for Maybelline during New York Fashion Week, becoming the first beauty advertiser on Pinterest, and creating a virtual reality hairstylist education program for its Matrix brand. This summer, the company will launch a bot on Facebook Messenger with Kiehls. Keith Weed, Unilever Weed has served as Chief Marketing and Communications Officer since 2010. He created and leads the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan to proactively pioneer ways of integrating sustainability into the business. Weed takes an informed, pragmatic approach to media planning that focuses on "connecting with people where they're spending their time," and he stresses that "the biggest thing that drives engagement is the quality of the creative," not the marketing vehicle. While a strong proponent of new technologies, he takes a more strategic view on activation ("If it's 85% optimized for mobile [but] 110% optimized for my brand, that's great.") Recent activity has included an AI-driven "Chef Wendy" text-messaging service for Knorr, a Beacon-based in-store program run through foodie and shopper apps such as Epicurious and CheckPoints Maille, and a Smartlabel app to provide product transparency. CGT presents several awards through the year to the members of the consumer goods community. Click here to make a nomination for awards in the following categories: CIO of the Year, Customer Management, SMB Market and Supply Chain. About Consumer Goods Technology Consumer Goods Technology (CGT), an integrated media brand, is the leading resource for consumer goods executives looking to improve business performance. Delivering content in print, online and face-to-face, CGT reaches an audience of more than 76,000 consumer goods executives ranging from managers and directors to VPs and CIOs. CGT also covers all major segments of the consumer goods sector, including Food, Beverage, Packaged Goods, Consumer Electronics, Small Home Appliances, OTC Pharma, and Apparel/Footwear/Accessories. For more information on CGT, visit http://www.consumergoods.com. Contact: Alarice Rajagopal Editor, CGT 973-607-1354 For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/06/prweb14388716.htm Latest News World’s Premier Arborists, Scientists and Researchers to Meet for International Events in Washington, D.C. SLCC Promise, Aerospace Pathways Win Envision Utah Awards Statement from UN Foundation President and CEO Kathy Calvin on U.S. Decision to Withdraw from the Paris Agreement on Climate Change Study.com Recognized as one of Inc. Magazine’s 2017 Best Workplaces OneQube Acquires Internet Media Labs & Them Digital, and Launches Audience Automation Software Stack with Artificial Intelligence Susan Ellerbusch Appointed CEO of Air Liquide USA LLC TUNAI CLIP Bluetooth Music Receiver and Wireless Headphone Amplifier Wins Computex d&i Award ODH Medical Director Candace Saldarini, M.D. to Co-Present on Leveraging Technology to Maximize Care Management for High-Risk Patients at AHIP Health Conference CGT Reveals Finalists for 2017 CMO of the Year Award Interfacing Technologies Launches Next Generation BPM Platform for Digital Transformation! © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Diapers Market – Indian Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2021 Diapers are broadly categorized into two types i.e. disposable diapers and cloth diapers. Disposable diapers constitute the largest market PUNE, INDIA, June 1, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — India Diapers Market In India, of late, hygiene industry is experiencing an unprecedented growth as hygiene products are being adopted into the lifestyle of the masses. With the increased awareness and increasing purchasing power, customers are fast shifting from cloth nappies to baby diapers. Consumers today are looking for baby diapering solutions that go beyond the basic benefits of dryness and go the extra mile to incorporate value-adding features such as softness and caring for their baby’s delicate skin. Indians give birth to around 27 million babies each year, yet the penetration rate of baby diapers remains at less than two percent. Request a sample report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/744750-india-diapers-market-outlook-2021 According to “India Diaper Market Outlook, 2021”, India’s diaper market was growing with a CAGR of 22.23% over past five years. In 2014, the market for baby diapers in urban India grew with a CAGR of 19.99% whereas in rural India the growth was much higher than urban. On the basis of age, the report categorizes the India diaper market into baby diapers and adult diapers. Baby diapers constitute the leading category in the market. During the forecast horizon, adult diapers market is expected to grow significantly due to the increasing healthcare standards in the country. However, social and economic constraints of using adult diapers are hampering the market growth. P&G’s Pampers dominates the overall diaper industry, followed by Huggies and Mamy Poko. P&G’s lack of innovation and focus on higher margins amid aggressive strategies adopted by its competitors to increase their market share is expected to decrease brand’s market share in future. Japanese firm Unicharm, which sells Mamy Poko diapers, overtook Kimberly Clark in baby diaper segment nearly two years ago. In baby diaper segment, Pampers, Mamy Poko and Huggies constitute more than 85% of the market by value whereas in adult diaper segment, Nobel Hygiene and Actifit dominate the industry heavily. Diapers are broadly categorized into two types i.e. disposable diapers and cloth diapers. Disposable diapers constitute the largest market share and are seeing increasing investments by manufacturers in their research and development. In the last few years modern cloth diapers have become a fast moving trend worldwide for families looking for a natural modern way to diaper their babies. Sales of cloth diapers were 140 lakh units in 2014 and are expected to climb up in the forecast period, owing to environmental benefits. Other type of diapers includes swim pants and training pants which has a marginal market share in India. Complete report details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/744750-india-diapers-market-outlook-2021 Key points in table of content 1. Executive Summary 2. Global Diaper Market Outlook 2.1. Market Size By Value 2.2. Market Share By Segment 2.3. Global Baby Diaper Market 2.3.1. Market Size By Value 2.3.1.1. Overall Market 2.3.1.2. Cloth Diaper Market 2.3.1.3. Disposable Diaper Market 2.3.1.4. Swim Pants Market 2.3.1.5. Training Pants Market 2.3.2. Market Share 2.3.2.1. By Company 2.3.2.2. By Region 2.3.2.3. By Type 2.4. Global Adult Diaper Market 2.4.1. Market Size By Value 2.4.2. Market Share By Company 3. India Diaper Market Outlook 3.1. Market Size By Value 3.2. Market Share 3.2.1. By Brand 3.2.2. By Segment 3.3. India Baby Diaper Market 3.3.1. Market Size By Value 3.3.1.1. Overall Market 3.3.1.2. Cloth Diaper Market 3.3.1.3. Disposable Diaper Market 3.3.1.4. By Target Demographics 3.3.2. Market Size By Volume 3.3.2.1. Cloth Diaper Market 3.3.2.2. Disposable Diaper Market 3.3.3. Market Share 3.3.3.1. By Brand 3.3.3.2. By Type 3.4. India Adult Diaper Market 3.4.1. Market Size By Value 3.4.2. Market Size By Volume 3.4.3. Market Share By Company 4. India Economic Snapshot 5. Pricing Analysis 6. Packsize Analysis 7. Channel Partner Analysis 8. Trade Dynamics 8.1. Import 8.2. Export 9. Market Trends & Developments 9.1. Marketing Drive by the Multinationals 9.2. Appreciation for Western Lifestyles 9.3. Growing Trend of Working Women’s in India 9.4. Emergence of Private Label Brands 9.5. Comfort and Thinness 9.6. Hygiene and Sanitation Awareness 10. Competitive Landscape 10.1. Porters Five Forces 10.2. Company Profiles 10.2.1. SCA Hygiene Products India Pvt. Ltd. 10.2.2. Johnson & Johnson Private Limited 10.2.3. Procter & Gamble (P&G) 10.2.4. Kimberly Clark Lever Pvt. Ltd. 10.2.5. The Unicharm India Pvt. Ltd. 10.2.6. Nobel Hygiene Pvt. Ltd. 10.2.7. Godrej Consumer Product Limited 10.2.8. The BellaPremier Happy HygieneCare Pvt. Ltd. 10.2.9. Wipro Consumer Care & Lighting Limited 10.2.10. CareMate Health Care Inc. 11. Strategic Recommendations 12. Disclaimer Get this report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=744750 Contact US: NORAH TRENT Partner Relations & Marketing Manager sales@wiseguyreports.com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) Norah Trent wiseguyreports +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious More Than 4,000 Students From 30 Minneapolis Schools to Receive 10 Free Books Through Start Reading Now and Scholastic Next PostNext Janssen Announces Submissions in Europe and US for Single- Tablet Regimen of Dolutegravir plus Rilpivirine – the First Two-Drug HIV Maintenance Treatment Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress

Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Keynote Speaker * Customer Satisfaction * Surveys * More Tags... Industry News * Business * More Industries... News By Place * Los Angeles   California   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News June 2017 Mo Su Sa Fr Th We Tu 5 4 3 2 1 May 2017 31 30 What's In A Name? 'Customer Satisfaction' Says It All Ask Dr. Gary S. Goodman, President of Customersatisfaction.com, Where The Value Is In His URL, and Peter F. Drucker Will Tell You!     cnbcfreqflyr   Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: • Keynote Speaker • Customer Satisfaction • Surveys Industry: • Business Location: • Los Angeles - California - USLOS ANGELES - June 1, 2017 - PRLog -- Ask Dr. Gary S. Goodman, President of Customersatisfaction.com, where the value is in his URL, and you'll hear some interesting answers. "Well, for one thing it is really a kingmaker," he says. Pointing to his frequent expert appearances on CNBC and in the media, and to his many book contracts and speaking engagements, he says "Customersatisfaction.com has positioned me quite nicely as a spokesperson and thought leader." He adds: "If you are simply Mary Smith with The Smith Agency, you may have a lot to say and should be listened to. But you're not as likely to be interviewed, quoted, and taken seriously as I am," Goodman points out. "When I call the President of a company such as JD Power and announce I am President of Customersatisfaction.com, instantly, there's respect. I'm a peer, and that's invaluable," Goodman claims. Goodman has owned the URL for about 15 years, but he says he hasn't exploited its true value. "Speaking of JD Power, it is a wonderful brand, hard-won through generations. But what business are they really in? They're in the customer satisfaction measurement business, and their URLs should emphasize this." Likewise, Goodman says any brand that stands behind its brand, whether it's a FedEx, Proctor & Gamble, Apple, or Adobe, should assert its "special commitment to customer satisfaction" through such a URL. Goodman freely credits this view to his teacher and colleague, famed management guru Peter F. Drucker. "Drucker was fond of challenging CEOs with the question, 'What business are you REALLY in?' " "If you get to the bedrock truth, all businesses are in the customer satisfaction business," Goodman says with zeal. Goodman echoes what Drucker said: "The entire purpose of a business is to create and satisfy a customer." What about other URLs that tout customer "care" or customer "experience" or even customer "service." Are those worth investing in? "Not so much," says Goodman. "These are emphasizing process and not results. People don't care about what you're doing, the so-called quality you're putting in; they care about the outcomes, the quality they're getting from it." "Signaling your commitment to achieve customer satisfaction through your URL "Is simply smart business," Goodman says. Is he interested in selling? "Like any great asset, it is always seeking a higher and better use" he smiles. Dr. Gary S. Goodman is the best-selling author of some 20 books and audiobooks including Monitoring, Measuring & Managing Customer Service, Please Don't Shoot The Messenger, Reach Out & Sell Someone, and Selling Skills For The Non-Salesperson. He teaches at UCLA and U.C. Berkeley, and his consulting client list is vast, containing many of the best and brightest companies in the world. He can be contacted about his keynote speeches and customized seminars at gary@customersatisfaction.com or at (818) 970-GARY (4279). Contact Dr. Gary S. Goodman gary@customersatisfaction.com End Source : Customersatisfaction.com Email : ***@customersatisfaction.com Tags : Keynote Speaker, Customer Satisfaction, Surveys Industry : Business Location : Los Angeles - California - United States Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse Customersatisfaction.com PRs Customersatisfaction.com Restores Web-Damaged Reputations Shoppers Using Yelp! Make 3 Costly Mistakes You Can Train A Great Salesperson In 4 Hours Or Less! Vengeful Customers The Biggest Threat to Today’s Businesses, Says Customersatisfaction.com “Sit Down, Shut-Up and Spend Money!” Today’s Online Retailers Insist Top Daily News A Matter of Interpretation host , Claudette Milner, Announces the Name of her Teen Host - 254 views RII Sports Technology Helping Football Coaches More Effectively Exploit Their Biggest Competitive Advantage - Data - 248 views Items from the Titanic, Andrea Doria and SS Normandie will be offered at Weiss Auctions on June 22nd - 193 views London + Manchester => Germany's GPS Ankle Trackers? - 102 views Rare antique bottles will come up for bid June 16-17 by Holabird at the Reno Bottle Show & Auction - 91 views Top Weekly News Son Of A Legend Creates His Own Lane - 803 views Bram Weinstein Joins DC's Capital Talent Agency As a New Voice - 480 views L.A. Wolves FC Focus On U.S. Open Cup Third Round Game vs. Orange County SC in 'Freeway Classico' - 468 views Entertainment Schedule Set For Wizard World Comic Con Philadelphia, Thursday through Sunday - 455 views Galileoscopes & Solar Filters Available for August 2017 Solar Eclipse - 452 views Top Daily News A Matter of Interpretation host , Claudette Milner, Announces the Name of her Teen Host - 254 views RII Sports Technology Helping Football Coaches More Effectively Exploit Their Biggest Competitive Advantage - Data - 248 views Items from the Titanic, Andrea Doria and SS Normandie will be offered at Weiss Auctions on June 22nd - 193 views London + Manchester => Germany's GPS Ankle Trackers? - 102 views Rare antique bottles will come up for bid June 16-17 by Holabird at the Reno Bottle Show & Auction - 91 views Top Weekly News Son Of A Legend Creates His Own Lane - 803 views Bram Weinstein Joins DC's Capital Talent Agency As a New Voice - 480 views L.A. Wolves FC Focus On U.S. Open Cup Third Round Game vs. Orange County SC in 'Freeway Classico' - 468 views Entertainment Schedule Set For Wizard World Comic Con Philadelphia, Thursday through Sunday - 455 views Galileoscopes & Solar Filters Available for August 2017 Solar Eclipse - 452 views PTC News Entertainment Schedule Set For Wizard World Comic Con Philadelphia, Thursday through Sunday - 455 views Wizard World Hall of Legends To Honor Comic Arts Legacy - 340 views Find Your Dream Home at Summit View in Residence 3845 - 267 views Lennar to Bring New Homes to High Point Later this Year - 243 views Lennar's Dalton Place Now Open for Tours - 230 views Jun 01, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
POLITICO Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure https://www.politicopro.com Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us Comey hearing consumes Washington The Trump administration's lonely voice for human rights Trump fires away on Twitter after London attack London attackers killed in 'unprecedented' hail of bullets Meet the GOP senator who wants to bridge the Obamacare divide The bottleneck in Rex Tillerson’s State Department Politico POLITICO Influence Intelligence and analysis on lobbying Get the POLITICO Influence Newsletter Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print The lobbyists who got White House ethics waivers By Theodoric Meyer 06/01/2017 02:09 PM EDT With David Beavers, Daniel Lippman and Aubree Eliza Weaver. FOUR FORMER LOBBYISTS GOT ETHICS WAIVERS FOR WHITE HOUSE WORK: The White House disclosed the ethics waivers it has issued last night, including waivers exempting four former lobbyists now working in the administration from President Donald Trump’s executive order preventing them from working on issues they had recently lobbied on. One is “Trump energy policy adviser Michael Catanzaro, a former lobbyist for the oil and gas industry,” POLITICO’s Josh Gerstein reports. “He was given approval to work on ‘energy and environmental policy issues’ including the Clean Power Plan, the Waters of the United States rule and other environmental regulations.” Story Continued Below — “Tax policy adviser Shahira Knight, a former Fidelity executive, was approved to deal with tax, retirement and financial services issues even though she'd previously lobbied on those topics. ‘The National Economic Council has been tasked with addressing issues relating to tax, retirement and financial services. The Administration has an interest in you working on matters in those areas due to your expertise and prior experience,’ the waiver reads.” — “White House economic aide Andrew Olmem was cleared to work on a variety of finance-related issues despite his lobbying for several big insurance companies and banks” as a lobbyist for Venable. “Vice President Mike Pence's chief of staff, Joshua Pitcock, also got a waiver. He'd worked as a lobbyist for the state of Indiana on various issues, but was given approval to deal with Indiana state officials in his current job and to work on issues he'd lobbied on for the state, including refugee policy, opioid abuse, trade and education policy and wide variety of other areas.” The waivers are only for those staffers working in the White House; waivers issued for staffers in executive branch agencies have yet to be disclosed. Full story. BALLARD PARTNERS ADDS A PARTNER: “Ballard Partners has hired Rebecca Benn as a partner at the firm’s office in Washington,” POLITICO Florida’s Christine Sexton reports. The firm, led by Brian Ballard, a top fundraising lieutenant to Trump during the campaign, opened a Washington office after Trump won and has signed more than two dozen federal clients this year. “Benn was most recently the director of federal affairs for CSX Transportation, where she was responsible for all government relations initiatives impacting automation, safety, environmental regulation and security. She had previously served as a staffer on the Appropriations Committee for the U.S. Senate.” Full story. FORMER JOLLY STAFFER JOINS MERCURY: J.D. White, the former chief of staff to former Rep. David Jolly (R-Fla.), is joining Mercury’s Florida team, POLITICO Florida’s Matt Dixon reports. “Mercury's Florida operation is comprised of the state's top strategists across party lines,” Ashley Walker, a Mercury partner, said in a statement. “JD's public policy expertise, as well as his political experience will be an asset to our work here in Florida and globally." Jolly lost to Democrat Charlie Crist last year. Full story. Good afternoon, and welcome to PI. Switching jobs? Sign a new client? Get in touch: tmeyer@politico.com. You can also follow me on Twitter: @theodoricmeyer. PARIS PRESSURE: Some of the most prominent companies in the country are trying to pressure Trump into remaining in the Paris climate change agreement as he is reportedly preparing to pull out of it. More than two dozen firms — including Apple, Facebook, Google, Intel, Microsoft and Morgan Stanley — put their names on an open letter to Trump that ran this morning as a full-page ad in The New York Times and The Wall Street Journal. Elon Musk, the Tesla and SpaceX chief executive, threatened to stop advising Trump if he quit the climate pact. And Apple CEO Tim Cook and Musk both called the White House on Wednesday to try to press Trump to change his mind, according to The Wall Street Journal. — But it’s unclear how aggressively the companies that have signed onto open letters (a previous one that ran in newspapers last month included signatures from the chief executives of Bank of America, Disney, General Electric, Goldman Sachs and Procter & Gamble, among others) have been pushing the administration behind the scenes. National Grid, which signed one of the letters, urged the White House to remain in the deal in private meetings with administration officials, according to a spokeswoman. But Levi Strauss & Co., which also signed, hasn’t done so. The company “felt we contributed more by adding to the public groundswell of business support for U.S. leadership in the Paris Climate Agreement than we did with private calls,” Andrea Hicklin, a Levi’s spokeswoman, wrote in an email. ELSEWHERE IN CORPORATE ACTIVISM: FWD.us, the immigration policy advocacy group led started by Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg, is partnering with Verizon, Airbnb, Snapchat, Square and other companies to celebrate June as Immigrant Heritage Month, along with a number of Democratic and Republican governors and other officials. THE URBAN PROFILE: “After masterminding President Donald Trump’s crucial 2016 election victory in Pennsylvania, [Dave Urban] has quickly emerged as one of Washington’s most influential lobbyists,” Bloomberg News’ Ben Brody reports. “Urban’s firm, American Continental Group, has already registered 18 new clients this year — six times as many as a year ago — bringing in at least $550,000 in the first three months of 2017.” — “Urban, 53, would seem to fit squarely into what Trump has derided as Washington’s ‘swamp,’ a place where lobbyists earn six- or seven-figure incomes by cajoling former government colleagues on behalf of big business. Yet his name has also surfaced as a possible addition to the White House personnel roster if Trump decides to shake up staffing. … Urban has an ‘unparalleled network of people,’ said Bill Morley, the chief executive officer of the Altrius Group who counts Pfizer Inc. among his lobbying clients. ‘He’s got those relationships all around town.’” Full story. QUOTE OF THE DAY: “Thinking of canceling my alarm service,” Tony Podesta wrote in an email to The New York Times’ Katie Rogers for a story on Barack and Michelle Obama buying the Kalorama home they’d been renting. Podesta lives two doors down from the Obamas. TRUMP ISN’T CAUSING A LOBBYING BOOM (AT LEAST NOT YET): “With a unified Republican government in Washington, lobbyists hoped that 2017 would offer a long-awaited opportunity to push big proposals through Congress — but records do not indicate any large uptick in clients during the early months of the Trump administration,” Roll Call’s Sean McMinn and Kate Ackley report. “Unlike the beginning of Barack Obama’s presidency, lobbying registrations made available by the secretary of the Senate show almost no change from previous years in the number of clients lobbyists started working with early this year. … Lobbyists took on 3,433 clients in 2009 in the months after Obama won his first presidential election — more than double the amount after President Donald Trump won.” Full story. HERALD GROUP ADDS FOUR: The Herald Group is adding four to its public affairs team. Krista Cupp and Sabrina Schaeffer are joining as vice presidents, Maggie Sherouse will be a director and Liam Sullivan will be a senior associate. Cupp previously worked for the National Rifle Association’s Institute for Legislative Action. Schaeffer was previously the executive director of the Independent Women’s Forum. Sherouse previously worked for Edelman and Sullivan comes from Sage Communications. NEW DETAILS ON PRICE’S POTENTIAL CONFLICTS OF INTEREST: Then-Rep. Tom Price (R-Ga.) pressed Australian officials during a trip to the country last year for a provision that would help American pharmaceutical firms if the Trans-Pacific Partnership became a reality, three weeks after buying up to $90,000 in pharmaceutical stocks, ProPublica’s Robert Faturechi reports. “Price’s lobbying abroad, which has not previously been reported, is another example of how his work in Congress could have benefitted his investment portfolio. He traded hundreds of thousands of dollars’ worth of shares in health-related companies while taking action on legislation and regulations affecting the industry.” Full story. CHECK IT OUT: POLITICO Europe has launched a new U.K. Election Tracker app for iPhones. JOBS REPORT: — The Property Casualty Insurance Association of America has added Mona Dooley and Kyle Glenn as assistant vice presidents for federal government relations and Margaret Labno as vice president for tax and accounting policy. Dooley was previously a senior legislative assistant to Rep. Pete King (R-N.Y.). Glenn was previously deputy chief of staff to Rep. Dennis Ross (R-Fla.). Labno was previously assistant vice president for tax at Zurich North America. — Red Banyan has added Kenny Ames as director of client relations. He was previously director of business development for Fireside21. — Former Vice President Joe Biden “has hired Greg Schultz, his political director during his second term as vice president, as the executive director of” his new PAC, American Possibilities, POLITICO’s Edward-Isaac Dovere reports. Biden is biding (sorry) his time as he considers a 2020 presidential run. — The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights is adding three staffers as Vanita Gupta starts her tenure as the group’s new president and chief executive. Kristine Lucius, a veteran of the Senate Judiciary Committee, will be executive vice president for policy. Seema Nanda, who was previously chief of staff to Labor Secretary Tom Perez, will be executive vice president and chief operating officer. And Ashley Allison, who previously worked for Valerie Jarrett in the White House Office of Public Engagement, will be a senior adviser. — Kathleen Kingscott, IBM Research’s vice president for strategic partnerships, has been named the new co-chairwoman of the Task Force on American Innovation, a nonpartisan coalition that supports funding for scientific research. NEW JOINT FUNDRAISERS: None NEW PACs: Engage Georgia (PAC) Winning For Women, Inc. PAC (Unknown) Working Together New Jersey (Super PAC) NEW LOBBYING REGISTRATIONS: Arent Fox LLP: voestalpine Tubulars GmbH & Co KG Brownstein Hyatt Farber Schreck, LLP: DF Advisory Group, LLC Capitol Core Group, Inc.: Renew Financial Group, LLC Capitol Counsel LLC: Save Our Savings, Inc. Capitol Integration: Arnold Magnetic Technologies CGCN Group, LLC (formerly known as Clark Geduldig Cranford & Nielsen, LLC): The Clearing House, LLC. Davidoff Hutcher & Citron, LLP: Ball Chain Manufacturing Co. Doucet Consulting Solutions, LLC: Friedkin Group Innovative Lending Platform Association: Innovative Lending Platform Association Institutional Limited Partners Association: Institutional Limited Partners Association Mr. John A. DeVierno: Safer GVW, Inc. Navigators Global LLC (Formerly DC Navigators, LLC): Picayune Rancheria of Chukchansi Indians Prism Group: Afritec Utilities, Ltd. Raffaniello & Associates: National Automobile Dealers Association Tellurian, Inc.: Tellurian, Inc. Vectis Strategies: Electric Mirror NEW LOBBYING TERMINATIONS: Sederholm Public Affairs, Inc.: Newell Rubbermaid « View Archives Authors: Theodoric Meyer tmeyer@politico.com About The Author Theodoric Meyer covers lobbying for POLITICO and writes the POLITICO Influence newsletter. He previously covered the 2016 campaign for POLITICO and worked as a reporting fellow for ProPublica in New York. He was a lead reporter on ProPublica’s “After the Flood” series on the federal government’s troubled flood insurance program, which won the Deadline Club Award for Local Reporting. He’s a graduate of McGill University and Columbia University’s Graduate School of Journalism. Most Read Putin denies having compromising information on Trump I Fought For a Better Israel Than This POLITICO Influence - POLITICO Archive Friday, 6/2/17 Thursday, 6/1/17 Wednesday, 5/31/17 Tuesday, 5/30/17 Friday, 5/26/17 View the Full POLITICO Influence Archives » Politico Magazine Is Trump Fighting Terrorism? By Daniel Benjamin A Noun, a Verb and Vladimir Putin By Matt Latimer Week 2: Jared’s Time in the Barrel By Jack Shafer I Fought For a Better Israel Than This By Hirsh Goodman More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Jack Shafer On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us: SUBSCRIBE NOW My Profile Log out LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age MenuClose Advertising Age Search Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Video Making Sense of the Connected Life Connected devices from Amazon Echo to smart toothbrushes are taking over, but few of us recognize their real power and potential. Featured Super Bowl Ad Archive Best Places to Work Women to Watch 40 Under 40 Agency Report Leading National Advertisers Tagline Podcast Required Reading The 2017 Marketing Fact Pack Opinion See All DigitalNext The Media Guy Agency Viewpoint Rance Crain Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Log Out Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Now Log Out Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search What Agencies and Brands Expect From Apple's Siri Homecoming By Garett Sloane - 4 hours ago Array 0 Why On-Site Agencies Are Catching on With Clients By Emma Hall - 5 hours ago Array 0 Before You Put Your Ad Business Up for a Pitch, Read This By Mark Wnek - 5 hours ago Array 0 Burger King's McWhopper Proposal Nabs 2017 Grand Effie By Lindsay Stein - 7 hours ago Array 0 How an Esports League Is Changing to Lure Brand Sponsors By E.J. Schultz - 11 hours ago Array 0 Google Chrome Will Automatically Block Annoying Ads By George Slefo - 12 hours ago 0 Gru From 'Despicable Me' Explores His DNA in Ad for 23AndMe By Alexandra Jardine - Yesterday 0 Microsoft Overhauls Skype for the Age of Snapchat 17 hours ago 0 Tiny Toast is Toast: General Mills Benches Brand Name By Jessica Wohl - Yesterday 0 The Short, Happy Life of NBC's New 'Must-See TV' By Anthony Crupi - Yesterday 0 Ad Age's Women to Watch 2017 - 11 hours ago 0 Marketers Struggle With Viewability IRL, Too By Jack Neff - 18 hours ago 0 Ballad of the Sad White Alpha Men By Simon Dumenco - 18 hours ago 0 NBC Wins Broadcast TV's Annual War of Attrition By Anthony Crupi - Yesterday 0 Strahan Reveals Locker Room Secrets (And What He Thinks of Ryan Seacrest) By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 11 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US × Sign In Register Sign In Forgot Password? Once registered, you can: - Read additional free articles each month - Comment on articles and featured creative work - Get our curated newsletters delivered to your inbox Register Now By registering you agree to our privacy policy, terms & conditions and to receive occasional emails from Ad Age. You may unsubscribe at any time. Are you a print subscriber? Activate your account. Anna Rose Holmer Joins RSA, Anonymous Adds Green By Alexandra Jardine. Published on June 01, 2017. Anna Rose Holmer Credit: Tayarisha Poe Most Popular Director Anna Rose Holmer has joined RSA Films for commercial representation. Holmer's directorial feature debut "The Fits" played at both the Venice (2015) and Sundance (2016) Film Festivals and earned her nominations for breakthrough director at the Gotham Awards and best first feature at the Independent Spirit Awards. Her most recent short-form content includes a video for James Blake's "My Willing Heart," featuring a pregnant Natalie Portman, and the original piece, "Moonlight x Alvin Ailey" for the Nowness Just Dance film series that pays homage to Barry Jenkins' "Moonlight." Johnny Green Credit: Anonymous Content Director Johnny Green has joined Anonymous Content for commercial, film and television representation in the U.S. and the U.K. Green has helmed campaigns for global brands including Sony, Honda, Mercedes-Benz, Audi, Under Armour, Hennessy, Guinness and Nike. His work includes Under Armour's "Misty Copeland" commercial and ads for Hennessy out of Droga5. Sorrel Brae Credit: Native Content Native Content has added Sorrel Brae to its directorial roster. Based in New York, he was previously signed with Humble and Anonymous Content and has worked with brands including Proctor & Gamble, the NFL, Mozilla Firefox, Bank of America, American Express and Toyota. His independent short films such as "A Film by Vera Vaughn" and "The Trial of Barnaby Finch" have screened at festivals around the world and were named Vimeo staff picks. Barry Parkhill Credit: The Mill The Mill has appointed Barry Parkhill as managing director of its New York studio. Parkhill succeeds Heather Fullerton, who has moved into the newly created role of chief strategy officer. He joins New York from The Mill's London studio, where he was group commercial director. Previous to joining The Mill, Parkhill worked for XIX Entertainment, where he collaborated with sports, fashion and television brands such as David & Victoria Beckham, Roland Mouret and American Idol, before becoming managing partner in London-based creative agency WCRS, and partner in its parent company Engine. Roberto Serrini Credit: Derby Derby has signed director Roberto Serrini to its roster. Serrini has worked with brands in the fashion, travel, beverage and automotive industries, including Nike, The New York Times, Google, Victoria's Secret, Belvedere Vodka, The Lincoln Motor Company, Adidas and Kate Spade. He started his career as an editor at V2 and Jump before transitioning to Thelab where he was the director of motion media. Lydia Davies Credit: Nylon Studios Music and sound boutique Nylon Studios, which has offices in NYC and Sydney, has signed composer Lydia Davies for global commercial representation. Her work has appeared in film trailers including for "Wonder Woman" and Disney's "Beauty and the Beast." She has also created cinematic tracks for brands such as L'Oreal, New Balance, MTV and Hugo Boss. Brandon Bray Credit: ContagiousLA Contagious L.A. has signed director Brandon Bray for exclusive U.S. representation in branded content. Bray's experience includes film projects and work for Facebook, Verizon, The Pulitzer Center, Ford, DuPont and The World Bank. His latest film, "Erosion," was named "Best Documentary Short" at the 2016 Lower East Side Film Festival in New York City, and an Official Selection at the 2017 Seattle International Film Festival (SIFF). Joachim Zunke Credit: Society L.A. production company Society has added German directo Joachim Zunke to its roster of directors. Berlin-based Zunke, known as JoJo, recently directed the spot "The Thief" for haircare brand Syoss, in conjunction with Walker Zurich. Jan Boon Credit: Oceana Branding Oceana Branding has signed director Jan Boon for exclusive representation in the U.S. for commercials and branded content. Boon isbest known for documentary-style branding, an example being his short for Samsung titled, "The Worst Instagram Ever," which took Gold at last year's Shanghai Film Festival. Anna Rotholz Credit: Spot Welders Bicoastal editorial shop Spot Welders has hired Anna Rotholz as executive producer/head of development in its NYC office. Rotholz brings over a decade of sales experience upon her return to the edit shop. She has worked with industry shops as Believe Media, Uber Content, Imaginary Forces, Whitehouse Post, Union Editorial, Barking Owl Music, Independent Media, O Positive and Biscuit Filmworks. Toronto-based production company Partners Film has launched Budgie Content, an offshoot division dedicated to digital content. Its roster includes Boombox Group, Max Kopanygin, Paul Short, Sophomore, Nomad Republic and Nathan J. Haynes. Day-to-day operations will be handled by Executive Producer Sandy Kelly and sales executive Jill Godbold. Kelly started at Partners Film in 2008 and became the head of production in 2012, while Godbold joined in 2016. Bill Galusha Credit: Leviathan Leviathan has appointed Senior Producer Bill Galusha to its team. Over the past several years, Galusha has produced and curated projects for clients including Google, NASA, Nike, Vice and YouTube. A former producer at Bot & Dolly, and its sister company, Autofuss, Google, and Obscura, his portfolio spans interactive and experiential installations including Prismatic NYC, a permanent kinetic sculpture which hovers just above NYC's Highline Park. In this article: Creativity Production Moves Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Site by AREA 17
null
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Collaborating for a Sustainable Future SOURCE: Domtar DESCRIPTION: The swaths of land that stretch across the southeastern United States are privately held by individual landowners, posing a unique challenge to environmentally-minded companies set on increasing the number of certifed lands. In 2013 Domtar and P&G joined forces, encouraging landowners to certify their lands in order to ensure the health of forests for generations to come.  Recently, Triple Pundit examined the unique collaboration in its article, „For Sustainable Business, Collaboration is the New Competition.” Click here to learn more. Tweet me: .@DomtarEveryday and @ProcterGamble work together to increase #FSC certified forests. 700,000 acres and counting. http://bit.ly/2sobe3U Contact Info: Dan Persica Senior Manager, Sustainability Communications, Pulp & Paper Division Daniel.Persica@domtar.com KEYWORDS: Sustainable Development Goals, Environment, Domtar, P&G, FSC, Responsible Forestry CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Sodium Petroleum Sulfonate Market To Demonstrate Robust Growth Over Next Few Years, With The Biggest Acceleration Coming Market Drivers Next PostNext Privileged Identity Management Market Report Forecasts Healthy Growth by 2022 – Scalar Market Research Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Surfactants Market Driven by Rising Demand for Personal Care Products, Industrial Cleaners,By 2023 Surfactants Market The global surfactants market is fragmented to a considerable degree and features several players with a significant share. Some of the leading players in the global surfactants market are BASF SE, The Dow Chemical Company, Archer Daniels Midland Company, Galaxy Surfactants Limited, Huntsman Corporation, Clariant International Ltd., Evonik Industries AG, P&G Chemicals, Lonza Group Ltd., and Akzo Nobel NV. The steady urbanization across the world is likely to ensure steady demand from several of the leading application segments of the global surfactants market, leading to the market retaining its fragmented competitive landscape in the coming years. Region-specific players could also make a significant market on the global surfactants market in the coming years, as the demand dynamics of the surfactants market are often region-specific. According to Transparency Market Research (TMR), the global surfactants market is expected to reach a valuation of US$28.8 bn by 2023. The market is likely to exhibit a steady 4.20% CAGR between 2015 and 2023. Browse Market Research Report @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/surfactants-market.html Anionic Surfactants to Retain Dominance in Global Surfactants Market The global surfactants market is bifurcated into the major segments of cationic and anionic surfactants on the basis of product type. Of these, anionic surfactants are expected to be the dominant segment in the global surfactants market in the coming years. Anionic surfactants find large-scale use in industrial detergents and cleaners, which has been a key factor in their rising demand. Nevertheless, cationic surfactants are also likely to witness steady demand over the coming years, leading to the product breakdown of the global surfactants market remaining largely unchanged over the forecast period. Non-ionic and amphoteric surfactants are likely to occupy a relatively minor position in the global surfactants market in the coming years. Geographically, the global surfactants market is segmented into Asia Pacific, North America, Latin America, Europe, and the Middle East and Africa. Of these, Asia Pacific is expected to retain its current position as the leading regional contributor to the global surfactants market in the coming years. The rising demand for surfactants from emerging countries such as India, China, Malaysia, Indonesia, and Thailand is a key factor driving the Asia Pacific surfactants market. Fill the form for an exclusive sample of this report @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Nevertheless, The North America surfactants market is also likely to make steady progress over the coming years. The firmly established presence of several leading players in the global surfactants industry in North America is a key factor responsible for the strong growth prospects of the region’s surfactants market. Consistent demand from the industrial sector is likely to help the North America surfactants market’s growth over the forecast period. Apart from these two leaders, Latin America and the Middle East are also likely to make a considerable contribution to the global surfactants market’s growth in the coming years thanks to the rapid urbanization in several countries in these regions. Rising Demand for Personal Care Products Crucial for Global Surfactants Market The global surfactants market is driven primarily by the booming global personal care products sector. Consumers across the world are becoming increasingly conscious about their appearance as well as persona hygiene, leading to rising demand for a variety of personal care products. The demand for skin care and hair care products has also been driven by the rising pollution levels across the world, which is likely to remain a key factor indirectly linked to the global surfactants market. The rapid urbanization in developing economies has also boosted the demand for household detergents, which already hold a leading share in the surfactants market in developed regions. As a result, household detergents are likely to remain the leading application segment of the global surfactants market. On the other hand, the global surfactants market could face a significant roadblock in the form of the steady shift in regulatory frameworks. Some surfactants have been shown to have an adverse effect on human health as well as the environment, which could restrict their demand in regions with strict regulatory frameworks concerning the use of solvent-based detergents. About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insights for decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. TMR’s data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, TMR employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports. Contact Us:- Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ Visit Blog: marketresearchreports2017.blogspot.in This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Media Consulting, Marketing Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious UFU encourages sign up to Walk the Line Initiative Next PostNext Worldwide Cocoa Fillings Industry Expected to Grow at CAGR 6% During 2017 to 2023 Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Hello Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: 5 Dividend Stocks That Pay Out Over $5 Billion a Year These stocks pay a total of more than $45 billion to shareholders each year. Matthew Frankel (TMFMathGuy) Jun 1, 2017 at 8:43AM With the stock market hovering near all-time highs, it can be a smart idea to think a little defensively in your portfolio. However, that doesn't mean you need to give up your growth potential if the market keeps rising. Blue chip dividend stocks have historically performed better than their non-dividend counterparts during tough times, and many have outperformed the overall market over long time periods. With that in mind, here are five of the largest dividend payers in the market, all of which pay out more than $5 billion per year to shareholders and could make excellent additions to your portfolio now. Company Recent Stock Price Dividend Yield Annual Dividends Paid ExxonMobil (NYSE:XOM) $81.55 3.8% $12.9 billion AT&T (NYSE:T) $38.12 5.1% $12.0 billion Wells Fargo (NYSE:WFC) $52.41 2.9% $7.6 billion Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG) $87.25 3.2% $7.2 billion International Business Machines (NYSE:IBM) $152.49 3.9% $5.6 billion Data source: CNBC and author's calculations. Stock prices, dividend yields, and annualized dividend rates are current as of May 29, 2017. Annual dividends paid are calculated by multiplying the current quarterly dividend rate by four, and then multiplying by the number of outstanding shares. 1. ExxonMobil Integrated oil giant ExxonMobil is one of the largest companies in the world, so it should be no surprise that it's also one of the biggest dividend payers. One major reason to like Exxon is for the diversification of its business. The company has operations in offshore and onshore oil drilling, chemicals, refining, and more. And while much of Exxon's revenue suffers when oil prices fall, some areas of the business actually tend to do better. For example, as my Foolish colleague Reuben Gregg Brewer pointed out, 2015 was a terrible year for Exxon's drilling operations, but the company's refining business more than doubled its profits. As far as the dividend goes, Exxon is a member of the Dividend Aristocrats index, having raised its dividend for 34 consecutive years, and pays 3.8% as of this writing. Considering the company's financial strength and profitability, the streak shouldn't be in jeopardy anytime soon. Image source: Getty Images. 2. AT&T Telecom giant AT&T is a favorite stock among dividend-seeking investors, and for good reason -- its 5.1% yield is among the best you'll find from such a stable company. And like Exxon, AT&T has a streak of consecutive dividend increases that exceeds three decades. There are a few good reasons to like AT&T over the long term. For one thing, AT&T has a pending acquisition of Time Warner. That will add all of the latter's content, helping AT&T to keep building a moat around its business, and allowing it to continue to bundle more and more services together -- potentially capturing market share from rivals such as Verizon and Sprint. 3. Wells Fargo Wells Fargo has significantly underperformed the rest of the banking sector over the past nine months or so, as a result of the now-infamous "fake accounts" scandal. This was certainly a major misstep by the bank, and the fallout from the scandal is obvious. The bank's non-interest income has fallen significantly, expenses are up, and the bank's normally strong efficiency ratio has suffered. Having said that, I believe that the effects of the scandal will be temporary. Wells Fargo remains one of the most well-run banks in the world, in terms of risk management, efficiency of operations, and profitability. The bank has consistently delivered better returns on equity and assets than its rivals, while maintaining a relatively low-risk asset portfolio. 4. Procter & Gamble Consumer product giant Procter & Gamble's strength lies in its vast portfolio of well-known brand names, including Gillette, Pampers, Tide, and Downy, just to name a few. To be clear, there certainly are some challenges facing Procter & Gamble going forward. For example, discounted and subscription-based razor competitors such as Dollar Shave Club have cost the Gillette brand market share in recent years. However, the long-term outlook is still strong for P&G shareholders. The company has proactively shed non-core brands to focus on its biggest winners, and has done an excellent job of controlling costs and boosting margins. Finally, Procter & Gamble has one of the longest streaks of consecutive dividend increases in the market at 60 years and counting. 5. International Business Machines It was recently disclosed that Warren Buffett had unloaded about 30% of Berkshire Hathaway's massive stake in International Business Machines, better known as IBM. Buffett said that the company was facing strong competition, and therefore he had valued its stock "somewhat downward." However, don't be too quick to abandon IBM -- Buffett still owns more than 50 million shares of the tech giant, and the central reasons Buffett bought IBM in the first place still apply. For one thing, IBM still has great relationships with large organizations, which not only provide stability to its revenue, but also give the company a strong base on which to grow with new product developments. The business also has "stickiness," meaning that it would cost its customers a lot of money to choose a new provider for the integrated solutions (hardware, software, and services) that IBM provides. Matthew Frankel owns shares of AT&T and BRK-B. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends BRK-B and Verizon Communications. The Motley Fool owns shares of ExxonMobil. The Motley Fool recommends Time Warner. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Matthew Frankel (TMFMathGuy) Matt brought his love of teaching and investing to the Fool in 2012 in order to help people invest better. Matt specializes in writing about the best opportunities in bank stocks, REITs, and personal finance, but loves any investment at the right price. Follow me on Twitter to keep up with all of the best financial coverage! Follow @TMFMathGuy Article Info Jun 1, 2017 at 8:43AM Investment Planning Stocks IBM NYSE:IBM $152.05 down $0.62 (-0.41%) AT&T NYSE:T $38.87 no change (0.00%) Procter & Gamble NYSE:PG $88.59 up $0.46 (0.52%) ExxonMobil NYSE:XOM $79.50 down $-1.20 (-1.49%) Wells Fargo NYSE:WFC $51.81 down $0.27 (-0.52%) Read More 4 Safe Stocks With Dividend Yields Above 5% These 7 Single-Digit P/E Stocks Could Collectively Deliver $600 Billion in Free Cash Flow by 2020 How IBM Spent $84 Billion in 12 Months Here's How to Find the Best Dividend Stocks 2016 Dogs of the Dow: 10 Stocks to Keep Your Eye On Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current 5 Dividend Stocks That Pay Out Over $5 Billion a Year @themotleyfool #stocks $IBM, $T, $PG, $XOM, $WFC
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman MIT Sloan School of Management welcomes inaugural Asia School of Business class to Cambridge campus; Students meet with former governor of Malaysia’s central bank CAMBRIDGE, Mass., June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ — As a part of a six-week program in the United States, the inaugural MBA class of the Asia School of Business (ASB), located in Malaysia and established in collaboration with MIT Sloan School of Management, is visiting the Sloan campus for one month where they will enroll in courses taught by the top-ranked School’s faculty. The ASB students will visit companies in the Boston area and learn about MIT’s innovation and entrepreneurship ecosystem. Their arrival was marked by a visit with Dr. Zeti Akhtar Aziz, the former governor of Bank Negara Malaysia, the nation’s central bank, who is Co-Chair of the ASB Board of Governors. The ASB, which was established in 2015 through collaboration between MIT Sloan and Bank Negara Malaysia, launched its inaugural MBA program in August 2016. The students’ visit exemplifies the ASB’s practice-oriented approach to management, which is one of the hallmarks of MIT Sloan. Through semester long Action Learning projects, students apply business management theories in a broad range of real-world organizational and institutional settings.  During the first year of its 20-month long program, the ASB students embarked on a transformative journey to Malaysia, Timor-Leste, Hong Kong, the Philippines, Cambodia, Vietnam, Thailand, Myanmar, India, and Mexico. They have worked on action learning projects with companies such as Citibank, Prudential, MasterCard, Boeing, Johnson & Johnson, Procter & Gamble, PwC, AirAsia, Morgan Stanley, Google, and Microsoft.  The entire class, accompanied by ASB faculty and staff, kicked off a six-week journey across the U.S. last month, which started with a two-week trek to explore the entrepreneurial environment in Silicon Valley, the public sector in Washington D.C. and the vibrant business scene in New York. The trek has culminated in the four weeks of intense courses at MIT Sloan, being taught by resident MIT Sloan and MIT faculty.  Charles Fine, founding President and Dean of ASB and the Chrysler LGO Professor of Management and Engineering Systems at MIT Sloan, says, „Just as MIT transformed Cambridge, Massachusetts from an industrial zone into a vibrant destination for high tech, bio tech, disruptive entrepreneurship, and world-class academia, ASB aims to do the same in the region. We simply want to turbocharge the ecosystem.” Loredana Padurean, Associate Dean at ASB, and International Faculty Fellow at MIT Sloan, adds, „Action Learning is at the core of the curriculum, and is the ASB’s differentiating factor. Our students spend, on average, four weeks each semester working on-site with different companies on live projects across South East Asia. They can immediately apply what they’ve learned into those businesses.” The ASB MBA cohort is comprised of 47 talented and unconventional students from 26 industries, six continents and 13 countries: Malaysia, the U.S., Russia, the Philippines, Mexico, Brazil, Nigeria, Cote D’Ivoire, South Africa, India, Pakistan, Australia, and Peru. Commenting on the upcoming coursework at MIT Sloan, Katherine Taylor Robinson, 24, ASB MBA ’18, from New Orleans, says: „Coming here has allowed me to reflect on how my perspective has changed because of the ASB: I’m more globally-aware and introspective than ever before. I have already started applying my learning at MIT Sloan to issues such as the refugee crisis and economic development. As part of my visit to MIT Sloan, I’ve met with former UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, and Jim Womack, the father of lean manufacturing.” Crystal Cha, 27, ASB MBA ’18, from Malaysia, adds: „I am grateful to have had such an immersive learning experience at MIT Sloan. The visit was the turning point in my MBA journey. Different subjects such as corporate finance and entrepreneurship have started to click into place. I was also able to reflect on the early stages of my career, and see, clearly, how I could have approached situations from a different perspective.”  S.P. Kothari, the Gordon Y Billard Professor of Accounting and Finance at MIT Sloan, who has taught the ASB students and serves on the ASB Board of Governors, shares his enthusiasm and confidence in the quality of the ASB students. „The students excelled in their enthusiasm, communication, class participation skills, and attitude. The diversity of ethnic and geo-political backgrounds is impressive. The overall intelligence and leadership potential is among the best I have seen in my 30 years of teaching MBA students in the U.S. and elsewhere in the world,” he says. Dr. Aziz’s vision is to build a school that is Asian in focus and global in its population of students, staff, faculty, and its impact. „As Asia becomes more integrated with the rest of the world, there is increased interest for a greater understanding of Asia—the economies, the businesses and the people of the region,” she says. „The establishment of the ASB is based on our conviction that the next generation of talent needs to recognize and understand the dynamics and dimensions of this phenomenon.” The inaugural ASB student class’ arrival in Cambridge is a successful extension of the relationship between MIT Sloan and the ASB communities. These exchanges aim to increase MIT Sloan’s knowledge of ASEAN, and deepen its ties with the worldwide academic community. „We are all excited to be part of something new,” says Ponce Ernest Samaniego, 27, ASB MBA ’18, who is from the Philippines. „Together, we are building a top business school, and a legacy. We are changing Asia—one of the fastest-growing and most exciting regions in the world.” The MIT Sloan School of Management is where smart, independent leaders come together to solve problems, create new organizations, and improve the world. Learn more at http://mitsloan.mit.edu/. For further information, contact: Paul Denning Director of Media Relations 617-253-0576   denning@mit.edu   Patricia Favreau Associate Director of Media Relations 617-253-3492  pfavreau@mit.edu To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/mit-sloan-school-of-management-welcomes-inaugural-asia-school-of-business-class-to-cambridge-campus-students-meet-with-former-governor-of-malaysias-central-bank-300466666.html SOURCE MIT Sloan School of Management Related Links http://mitsloan.mit.edu/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsAsian American Post navigation Previous PostPrevious IoT Platform market to grow at a CAGR 31.79% to 2021 according to new research report Next PostNext Colorescience® Wins 2017 STAR Suncare Award Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman MIT Sloan School of Management welcomes inaugural Asia School of Business class to Cambridge campus; Students meet with former governor of Malaysia’s central bank CAMBRIDGE, Mass., June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ — As a part of a six-week program in the United States, the inaugural MBA class of the Asia School of Business (ASB), located in Malaysia and established in collaboration with MIT Sloan School of Management, is visiting the Sloan campus for one month where they will enroll in courses taught by the top-ranked School’s faculty. The ASB students will visit companies in the Boston area and learn about MIT’s innovation and entrepreneurship ecosystem. Their arrival was marked by a visit with Dr. Zeti Akhtar Aziz, the former governor of Bank Negara Malaysia, the nation’s central bank, who is Co-Chair of the ASB Board of Governors. The ASB, which was established in 2015 through collaboration between MIT Sloan and Bank Negara Malaysia, launched its inaugural MBA program in August 2016. The students’ visit exemplifies the ASB’s practice-oriented approach to management, which is one of the hallmarks of MIT Sloan. Through semester long Action Learning projects, students apply business management theories in a broad range of real-world organizational and institutional settings.  During the first year of its 20-month long program, the ASB students embarked on a transformative journey to Malaysia, Timor-Leste, Hong Kong, the Philippines, Cambodia, Vietnam, Thailand, Myanmar, India, and Mexico. They have worked on action learning projects with companies such as Citibank, Prudential, MasterCard, Boeing, Johnson & Johnson, Procter & Gamble, PwC, AirAsia, Morgan Stanley, Google, and Microsoft.  The entire class, accompanied by ASB faculty and staff, kicked off a six-week journey across the U.S. last month, which started with a two-week trek to explore the entrepreneurial environment in Silicon Valley, the public sector in Washington D.C. and the vibrant business scene in New York. The trek has culminated in the four weeks of intense courses at MIT Sloan, being taught by resident MIT Sloan and MIT faculty.  Charles Fine, founding President and Dean of ASB and the Chrysler LGO Professor of Management and Engineering Systems at MIT Sloan, says, „Just as MIT transformed Cambridge, Massachusetts from an industrial zone into a vibrant destination for high tech, bio tech, disruptive entrepreneurship, and world-class academia, ASB aims to do the same in the region. We simply want to turbocharge the ecosystem.” Loredana Padurean, Associate Dean at ASB, and International Faculty Fellow at MIT Sloan, adds, „Action Learning is at the core of the curriculum, and is the ASB’s differentiating factor. Our students spend, on average, four weeks each semester working on-site with different companies on live projects across South East Asia. They can immediately apply what they’ve learned into those businesses.” The ASB MBA cohort is comprised of 47 talented and unconventional students from 26 industries, six continents and 13 countries: Malaysia, the U.S., Russia, the Philippines, Mexico, Brazil, Nigeria, Cote D’Ivoire, South Africa, India, Pakistan, Australia, and Peru. Commenting on the upcoming coursework at MIT Sloan, Katherine Taylor Robinson, 24, ASB MBA ’18, from New Orleans, says: „Coming here has allowed me to reflect on how my perspective has changed because of the ASB: I’m more globally-aware and introspective than ever before. I have already started applying my learning at MIT Sloan to issues such as the refugee crisis and economic development. As part of my visit to MIT Sloan, I’ve met with former UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, and Jim Womack, the father of lean manufacturing.” Crystal Cha, 27, ASB MBA ’18, from Malaysia, adds: „I am grateful to have had such an immersive learning experience at MIT Sloan. The visit was the turning point in my MBA journey. Different subjects such as corporate finance and entrepreneurship have started to click into place. I was also able to reflect on the early stages of my career, and see, clearly, how I could have approached situations from a different perspective.”  S.P. Kothari, the Gordon Y Billard Professor of Accounting and Finance at MIT Sloan, who has taught the ASB students and serves on the ASB Board of Governors, shares his enthusiasm and confidence in the quality of the ASB students. „The students excelled in their enthusiasm, communication, class participation skills, and attitude. The diversity of ethnic and geo-political backgrounds is impressive. The overall intelligence and leadership potential is among the best I have seen in my 30 years of teaching MBA students in the U.S. and elsewhere in the world,” he says. Dr. Aziz’s vision is to build a school that is Asian in focus and global in its population of students, staff, faculty, and its impact. „As Asia becomes more integrated with the rest of the world, there is increased interest for a greater understanding of Asia—the economies, the businesses and the people of the region,” she says. „The establishment of the ASB is based on our conviction that the next generation of talent needs to recognize and understand the dynamics and dimensions of this phenomenon.” The inaugural ASB student class’ arrival in Cambridge is a successful extension of the relationship between MIT Sloan and the ASB communities. These exchanges aim to increase MIT Sloan’s knowledge of ASEAN, and deepen its ties with the worldwide academic community. „We are all excited to be part of something new,” says Ponce Ernest Samaniego, 27, ASB MBA ’18, who is from the Philippines. „Together, we are building a top business school, and a legacy. We are changing Asia—one of the fastest-growing and most exciting regions in the world.” The MIT Sloan School of Management is where smart, independent leaders come together to solve problems, create new organizations, and improve the world. Learn more at http://mitsloan.mit.edu/. For further information, contact: Paul Denning Director of Media Relations 617-253-0576   denning@mit.edu   Patricia Favreau Associate Director of Media Relations 617-253-3492  pfavreau@mit.edu To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/mit-sloan-school-of-management-welcomes-inaugural-asia-school-of-business-class-to-cambridge-campus-students-meet-with-former-governor-of-malaysias-central-bank-300466666.html SOURCE MIT Sloan School of Management Related Links http://mitsloan.mit.edu/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsAsian American Post navigation Previous PostPrevious IoT Platform market to grow at a CAGR 31.79% to 2021 according to new research report Next PostNext Colorescience® Wins 2017 STAR Suncare Award Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman MIT Sloan School of Management welcomes inaugural Asia School of Business class to Cambridge campus; Students meet with former governor of Malaysia’s central bank CAMBRIDGE, Mass., June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ — As a part of a six-week program in the United States, the inaugural MBA class of the Asia School of Business (ASB), located in Malaysia and established in collaboration with MIT Sloan School of Management, is visiting the Sloan campus for one month where they will enroll in courses taught by the top-ranked School’s faculty. The ASB students will visit companies in the Boston area and learn about MIT’s innovation and entrepreneurship ecosystem. Their arrival was marked by a visit with Dr. Zeti Akhtar Aziz, the former governor of Bank Negara Malaysia, the nation’s central bank, who is Co-Chair of the ASB Board of Governors. The ASB, which was established in 2015 through collaboration between MIT Sloan and Bank Negara Malaysia, launched its inaugural MBA program in August 2016. The students’ visit exemplifies the ASB’s practice-oriented approach to management, which is one of the hallmarks of MIT Sloan. Through semester long Action Learning projects, students apply business management theories in a broad range of real-world organizational and institutional settings.  During the first year of its 20-month long program, the ASB students embarked on a transformative journey to Malaysia, Timor-Leste, Hong Kong, the Philippines, Cambodia, Vietnam, Thailand, Myanmar, India, and Mexico. They have worked on action learning projects with companies such as Citibank, Prudential, MasterCard, Boeing, Johnson & Johnson, Procter & Gamble, PwC, AirAsia, Morgan Stanley, Google, and Microsoft.  The entire class, accompanied by ASB faculty and staff, kicked off a six-week journey across the U.S. last month, which started with a two-week trek to explore the entrepreneurial environment in Silicon Valley, the public sector in Washington D.C. and the vibrant business scene in New York. The trek has culminated in the four weeks of intense courses at MIT Sloan, being taught by resident MIT Sloan and MIT faculty.  Charles Fine, founding President and Dean of ASB and the Chrysler LGO Professor of Management and Engineering Systems at MIT Sloan, says, „Just as MIT transformed Cambridge, Massachusetts from an industrial zone into a vibrant destination for high tech, bio tech, disruptive entrepreneurship, and world-class academia, ASB aims to do the same in the region. We simply want to turbocharge the ecosystem.” Loredana Padurean, Associate Dean at ASB, and International Faculty Fellow at MIT Sloan, adds, „Action Learning is at the core of the curriculum, and is the ASB’s differentiating factor. Our students spend, on average, four weeks each semester working on-site with different companies on live projects across South East Asia. They can immediately apply what they’ve learned into those businesses.” The ASB MBA cohort is comprised of 47 talented and unconventional students from 26 industries, six continents and 13 countries: Malaysia, the U.S., Russia, the Philippines, Mexico, Brazil, Nigeria, Cote D’Ivoire, South Africa, India, Pakistan, Australia, and Peru. Commenting on the upcoming coursework at MIT Sloan, Katherine Taylor Robinson, 24, ASB MBA ’18, from New Orleans, says: „Coming here has allowed me to reflect on how my perspective has changed because of the ASB: I’m more globally-aware and introspective than ever before. I have already started applying my learning at MIT Sloan to issues such as the refugee crisis and economic development. As part of my visit to MIT Sloan, I’ve met with former UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, and Jim Womack, the father of lean manufacturing.” Crystal Cha, 27, ASB MBA ’18, from Malaysia, adds: „I am grateful to have had such an immersive learning experience at MIT Sloan. The visit was the turning point in my MBA journey. Different subjects such as corporate finance and entrepreneurship have started to click into place. I was also able to reflect on the early stages of my career, and see, clearly, how I could have approached situations from a different perspective.”  S.P. Kothari, the Gordon Y Billard Professor of Accounting and Finance at MIT Sloan, who has taught the ASB students and serves on the ASB Board of Governors, shares his enthusiasm and confidence in the quality of the ASB students. „The students excelled in their enthusiasm, communication, class participation skills, and attitude. The diversity of ethnic and geo-political backgrounds is impressive. The overall intelligence and leadership potential is among the best I have seen in my 30 years of teaching MBA students in the U.S. and elsewhere in the world,” he says. Dr. Aziz’s vision is to build a school that is Asian in focus and global in its population of students, staff, faculty, and its impact. „As Asia becomes more integrated with the rest of the world, there is increased interest for a greater understanding of Asia—the economies, the businesses and the people of the region,” she says. „The establishment of the ASB is based on our conviction that the next generation of talent needs to recognize and understand the dynamics and dimensions of this phenomenon.” The inaugural ASB student class’ arrival in Cambridge is a successful extension of the relationship between MIT Sloan and the ASB communities. These exchanges aim to increase MIT Sloan’s knowledge of ASEAN, and deepen its ties with the worldwide academic community. „We are all excited to be part of something new,” says Ponce Ernest Samaniego, 27, ASB MBA ’18, who is from the Philippines. „Together, we are building a top business school, and a legacy. We are changing Asia—one of the fastest-growing and most exciting regions in the world.” The MIT Sloan School of Management is where smart, independent leaders come together to solve problems, create new organizations, and improve the world. Learn more at http://mitsloan.mit.edu/. For further information, contact: Paul Denning Director of Media Relations 617-253-0576   denning@mit.edu   Patricia Favreau Associate Director of Media Relations 617-253-3492  pfavreau@mit.edu To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/mit-sloan-school-of-management-welcomes-inaugural-asia-school-of-business-class-to-cambridge-campus-students-meet-with-former-governor-of-malaysias-central-bank-300466666.html SOURCE MIT Sloan School of Management Related Links http://mitsloan.mit.edu/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsAsian American Post navigation Previous PostPrevious IoT Platform market to grow at a CAGR 31.79% to 2021 according to new research report Next PostNext Colorescience® Wins 2017 STAR Suncare Award Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi MIT Sloan School of Management welcomes inaugural Asia School of Business class to Cambridge campus; Students meet with former governor of Malaysia's central bank Month-long visit illustrates ASB's practice-oriented approach to management and ties with MIT Sloan community News provided by MIT Sloan School of Management 01 Jun, 2017, 07:30 ET Share this article CAMBRIDGE, Mass., June 1, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- As a part of a six-week program in the United States, the inaugural MBA class of the Asia School of Business (ASB), located in Malaysia and established in collaboration with MIT Sloan School of Management, is visiting the Sloan campus for one month where they will enroll in courses taught by the top-ranked School's faculty. The ASB students will visit companies in the Boston area and learn about MIT's innovation and entrepreneurship ecosystem. Their arrival was marked by a visit with Dr. Zeti Akhtar Aziz, the former governor of Bank Negara Malaysia, the nation's central bank, who is Co-Chair of the ASB Board of Governors. The ASB, which was established in 2015 through collaboration between MIT Sloan and Bank Negara Malaysia, launched its inaugural MBA program in August 2016. The students' visit exemplifies the ASB's practice-oriented approach to management, which is one of the hallmarks of MIT Sloan. Through semester long Action Learning projects, students apply business management theories in a broad range of real-world organizational and institutional settings.  During the first year of its 20-month long program, the ASB students embarked on a transformative journey to Malaysia, Timor-Leste, Hong Kong, the Philippines, Cambodia, Vietnam, Thailand, Myanmar, India, and Mexico. They have worked on action learning projects with companies such as Citibank, Prudential, MasterCard, Boeing, Johnson & Johnson, Procter & Gamble, PwC, AirAsia, Morgan Stanley, Google, and Microsoft.  The entire class, accompanied by ASB faculty and staff, kicked off a six-week journey across the U.S. last month, which started with a two-week trek to explore the entrepreneurial environment in Silicon Valley, the public sector in Washington D.C. and the vibrant business scene in New York. The trek has culminated in the four weeks of intense courses at MIT Sloan, being taught by resident MIT Sloan and MIT faculty.  Charles Fine, founding President and Dean of ASB and the Chrysler LGO Professor of Management and Engineering Systems at MIT Sloan, says, "Just as MIT transformed Cambridge, Massachusetts from an industrial zone into a vibrant destination for high tech, bio tech, disruptive entrepreneurship, and world-class academia, ASB aims to do the same in the region. We simply want to turbocharge the ecosystem." Loredana Padurean, Associate Dean at ASB, and International Faculty Fellow at MIT Sloan, adds, "Action Learning is at the core of the curriculum, and is the ASB's differentiating factor. Our students spend, on average, four weeks each semester working on-site with different companies on live projects across South East Asia. They can immediately apply what they've learned into those businesses." The ASB MBA cohort is comprised of 47 talented and unconventional students from 26 industries, six continents and 13 countries: Malaysia, the U.S., Russia, the Philippines, Mexico, Brazil, Nigeria, Cote D'Ivoire, South Africa, India, Pakistan, Australia, and Peru. Commenting on the upcoming coursework at MIT Sloan, Katherine Taylor Robinson, 24, ASB MBA '18, from New Orleans, says: "Coming here has allowed me to reflect on how my perspective has changed because of the ASB: I'm more globally-aware and introspective than ever before. I have already started applying my learning at MIT Sloan to issues such as the refugee crisis and economic development. As part of my visit to MIT Sloan, I've met with former UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, and Jim Womack, the father of lean manufacturing." Crystal Cha, 27, ASB MBA '18, from Malaysia, adds: "I am grateful to have had such an immersive learning experience at MIT Sloan. The visit was the turning point in my MBA journey. Different subjects such as corporate finance and entrepreneurship have started to click into place. I was also able to reflect on the early stages of my career, and see, clearly, how I could have approached situations from a different perspective."  S.P. Kothari, the Gordon Y Billard Professor of Accounting and Finance at MIT Sloan, who has taught the ASB students and serves on the ASB Board of Governors, shares his enthusiasm and confidence in the quality of the ASB students. "The students excelled in their enthusiasm, communication, class participation skills, and attitude. The diversity of ethnic and geo-political backgrounds is impressive. The overall intelligence and leadership potential is among the best I have seen in my 30 years of teaching MBA students in the U.S. and elsewhere in the world," he says. Dr. Aziz's vision is to build a school that is Asian in focus and global in its population of students, staff, faculty, and its impact. "As Asia becomes more integrated with the rest of the world, there is increased interest for a greater understanding of Asia—the economies, the businesses and the people of the region," she says. "The establishment of the ASB is based on our conviction that the next generation of talent needs to recognize and understand the dynamics and dimensions of this phenomenon." The inaugural ASB student class' arrival in Cambridge is a successful extension of the relationship between MIT Sloan and the ASB communities. These exchanges aim to increase MIT Sloan's knowledge of ASEAN, and deepen its ties with the worldwide academic community. "We are all excited to be part of something new," says Ponce Ernest Samaniego, 27, ASB MBA '18, who is from the Philippines. "Together, we are building a top business school, and a legacy. We are changing Asia—one of the fastest-growing and most exciting regions in the world." The MIT Sloan School of Management is where smart, independent leaders come together to solve problems, create new organizations, and improve the world. Learn more at http://mitsloan.mit.edu/. For further information, contact: Paul Denning Director of Media Relations 617-253-0576   denning@mit.edu   Patricia Favreau Associate Director of Media Relations 617-253-3492  pfavreau@mit.edu To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/mit-sloan-school-of-management-welcomes-inaugural-asia-school-of-business-class-to-cambridge-campus-students-meet-with-former-governor-of-malaysias-central-bank-300466666.html SOURCE MIT Sloan School of Management Related Links http://mitsloan.mit.edu/ 18 May, 2017, 14:30 ET Preview: Lightmatter, a startup using light to accelerate artificial intelligence, wins the 2017 MIT $100K Entrepreneurship Competition My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 15 May, 2017, 07:30 ET Lightmatter, a startup using light to accelerate artificial... 15 May, 2017, 07:30 ET Data Made to Matter: MIT Sloan's new podcast explores how... Explore More news releases in similar topics Banking & Financial Services Education You just read: MIT Sloan School of Management welcomes inaugural Asia School of Business class to Cambridge campus; Students meet with former governor of Malaysia's central bank News provided by MIT Sloan School of Management 01 Jun, 2017, 07:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Admap Prize Winners Announced LONDON, June 1, 2017 – (ACN Newswire) – The winners of WARC’s annual global Admap Prize 2017, an essay contest that encourages and rewards individual excellence in strategic thinking in brand communications, are revealed. Based on the topic ‚How Should TV and Social Media Be Used to Maximum Effect?’ entrants were asked to address the current re-evaluation by many brands on how traditional media and new media fit together in the marketing landscape. Colin Grimshaw, editor of Admap, organiser of the prize says: „We are delighted with the response to this year’s Admap contest, now in its sixth year. We were impressed by the volume and quality of the essays submitted based on the topic motivated by P&G’s famous declaration last year of an about-face in its marketing strategy, which has prompted many brands into re-thinking their ad budgets.” Mandy Pooler, chief marketing officer for Kantar, sponsor of the Admap Prize, comments: „It is established that multichannel campaigns are more effective than single-channel, yet how brands marry TV and social continues to be a challenge. Knowledge of exactly how people consume media and subsequently act is key to the solution.” Judged by a panel of the industry’s foremost thought leaders, seven winning authors were selected offering widely different solutions. Commenting on this year’s essays, judge Gemma Craven, SVP, Director Social & Mobile of McCann New York says: „The Admap Prize topic is one of the primary challenges facing our industry today. The essays were thought-provoking, diverse and very well researched. There were different opinions on how TV and social should work together, but the clear message was that we spend much time on short-term, knee-jerk approaches to creating buzz and much less time on building long-term success via well-structured programmes.” Winning Gold and a $5,000 prize cheque, Thomas Henry, Senior Strategist at Mother New York, USA, in his top award-winning essay titled ‚Why we’re all wasting our time’, comes down forcefully on the side of TV over social for long-term brand growth. Admap Prize judge Jason Burby, President of Americas at POSSIBLE says: „Whether you believe that TV is the core and future of all marketing, the Gold Award-winning essay tells a compelling story about marketers over-focusing on short-term wins at the expense of considering long-term brand growth. It reminds us that no matter the channel, we as marketers must be focusing on the long-term impact, and that a combination of TV and digital channels leads to improved performance and impact.” The six other winners of the Admap Prize 2017 are: Silver Award: Kyle Findlay of Kantar Innovation, South Africa, for ‚Holistic strategies require a bird’s eye view’ Bronze Award: Matthew Turner, United Kingdom, for ‚Social is the solution to marketing’s esprit de l’escalier moments’ Bronze Award: Charlie Ebdy of Vizeum, United Kingdom, for ‚Screen Wipe: Why social media is slowly killing TV and how it could help transform advertising for the better’ Three Judges’ Commended Awards are awarded to: Gareth Price of The Social Partners, United Kingdom, for ‚Bridging the gap between activation and fame’; Jon Reay of e3 Media, United Kingdom, for ‚Standalone TV ads are nothing than creative indulgence’; and Satish Pai, India, for ‚The tipping points’. The winners will be presented with their awards at an Admap event in Cannes on Wednesday 21 June during which members of the Admap jury and senior industry experts will discuss burning issues around the marriage of TV and social and debate over short-term and long-term marketing strategy, To attend this free event, register at http://content.warc.com/register-for-warcs-session-in-cannes-admap-prize-2017-event. All award-winning essays are published in the June edition of Admap magazine and at www.warc.com/AdmapPrize.prize. About Admap Prize The Admap Prize is an essay contest that encourages and rewards individual excellence in strategic thinking in brand communications. Essays are judged by a panel of the industry’s foremost thought leaders. The Admap Prize is a unique opportunity for entrants to get recognition for the quality of their strategic ideas. Essays for the Admap Prize need to be rooted in practical application to marketing challenges/opportunities, and address a specific marketing category. The Admap Prize is free to enter, with a $5,000 cash prize to the author of the Gold-awarded essay. About WARC – advertising evidence, insights and best practice WARC.com is an online service offering advertising best practice, evidence and insights from the world’s leading brands. WARC helps clients grow their businesses by using proven approaches to maximise advertising effectiveness. WARC’s clients include the world’s largest advertising and media agencies, research companies, universities and advertisers. In addition to The WARC Innovation Awards, WARC runs three other case study competitions: The WARC Prize for Asian Strategy, The WARC Media Awards and The WARC Awards. WARC also publishes leading journals including Admap, Market Leader, the Journal of Advertising Research and the International Journal of the Market Research Society. In addition to its own content, WARC features advertising case studies and best practices from more than 50 respected industry sources, including: ARF, Effies, Cannes Lions, ESOMAR and IPA. Founded in 1985, WARC is privately owned and has offices in the UK, U.S. and Singapore. Contact: 
Amanda Benfell
PR Manager, WARC
Email: [email protected]
Tel: +44 (0) 20 7467 8125
 Source: WARC Topic: Press release summary Sectors: Media, Advertising http://www.acnnewswire.com From the Asia Corporate News Network Copyright © 2017 ACN Newswire. All rights reserved. A division of Asia Corporate News Network. CategoriesUncategorized TagsMedia, Advertising Post navigation Previous PostPrevious ASM Launches New North American Division Next PostNext D-Biotin Market Trends, Top Manufactures, Market Demands, Industry Growth Analysis & Forecast: 2021 Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
South Africa   Madagascar   Malawi   Mali   Mauritius   Morocco   Mozambique   Namibia   Niger   Nigeria   Rwanda   Senegal   Seychelles   Sierra Leone   Somalia   South Africa   South Sudan   Sudan   Swaziland   Tanzania   Togo   Tunisia   Uganda   Zambia   Zimbabwe Africa North Africa West Africa East Africa Central Africa Southern Africa International   Algeria   Angola   Benin   Botswana   Burkina Faso   Burundi   Cameroon   Chad   Cote D'Ivoire   DR Congo   Egypt   Ethiopia   Ghana   Guinea   Kenya   Lesotho   LibyaMarketing & MediaMarketing & MediaMarketing All industries Marketing & Media South Africa Marketing & Media Africa International Agriculture, Horticulture & Forestry Automotive Building & Construction CSI & Sustainability Education & Training Energy & Mining Finance & Insurance Healthcare Human Resources & Recruitment IT & Telecommunications Legal Lifestyle & Entertainment Logistics & Transport Manufacturing Property & Real Estate Retail Tourism, Travel & Hospitality Advertising Branding Cinema CRM CSI Design Digital Direct Marketing Education & Training Entrepreneurship Events & Conferencing Exhibitions Magazines Marketing Media Mobile New Campaigns Newspapers Online Media Out of Home PR & Communications Printing Production Promotions Publishing Radio Recruitment Research Retail Sales Social Media Sponsorship TV Youth Marketing All Articles Companies Events Galleries Jobs People Rate Card Submit Contact Africa All industries Agriculture Automotive Building CSI & Sustainability Education Energy & Mining Finance Healthcare HR ICT Legal Lifestyle Logistics & Transport Manufacturing Marketing & Media Property Retail Tourism Africa North Africa West Africa East Africa Central Africa Southern Africa   Algeria   Angola   Benin   Botswana   Burkina Faso   Burundi   Cameroon   Chad   Cote D'Ivoire   DR Congo   Egypt   Ethiopia   Ghana   Guinea   Kenya   Lesotho   Libya   Madagascar   Malawi   Mali   Mauritius   Morocco   Mozambique   Namibia   Niger   Nigeria   Rwanda   Senegal   Seychelles   Sierra Leone   Somalia   South Africa   South Sudan   Sudan   Swaziland   Tanzania   Togo   Tunisia   Uganda   Zambia   Zimbabwe International Agriculture Automotive Building CSI & Sustainability Education Energy & Mining Finance Healthcare HR ICT Legal Lifestyle Logistics & Transport Manufacturing Marketing & Media Property Retail Tourism All Agriculture Agri Tech Agribusiness Agro-processing Aquaculture Commercial Fishing Commodities & Fairtrade Fertilisers & GMOs Food Security Forestry Horticulture Sustainability Trends Urban Agriculture All Automotive Maintenance & Safety Manufacturing & Parts Motorcycles Motoring Reviews Motorsport Petrochemical Retail & Rental Trends All Building Architecture & Design Building Materials & Equipment Construction & Engineering Property Development Smart Buildings & Cities Sustainable Development Trends Utilities All CSI & Sustainability Circular Economy Climate Change Education & Training Environment & Natural Resources Food, Water & Energy Security Health & Welfare Inclusion & Equality Infrastructure and Technology Pollution & Waste Management Sustainability Month Trends All Education Distance Learning E-learning Higher Education Primary & Secondary Education Skills Training Trends All Energy & Mining Energy Markets & Investment Mining Nuclear Power Renewables & Energy Efficiency Science & Engineering Trends All Finance Accounting & Auditing Banking Budget Speech Education & Training Financial Services Fintech Insurance & Actuarial Markets & Investment Taxation & Regulation Trends Venture Capital All Healthcare Aesthetic Medicine Cardiology Chronic Diseases CSI Dentistry Disease Groups Ear, Nose & Throat Emergency Procedures Ethical Medicines Exercise Science Exhibitions & Events Financial Services Food Crisis Gastroenterology Generic Medicines HIV/AIDS Hospital Groups Infectious Diseases Malaria Medical Aid Medical Research Medical Technology Mental health Neurology NPO Nutrition Obstetrics & Gynaecology Oncology Ophthalmology Orthopaedics Paediatrics Palliative care Pharmaceutical Companies Pharmaceuticals Public Health Sports Science Surgical Equipment & Products Surgical Procedures Trends Tuberculosis Women's Health All HR Entrepreneurship HR Tools & Software Labour Law & Unions Management Skills Development & Training Talent Acquisition Trends All ICT App and website development Cloud Computing Cyber Security Data Management Hardware Internet Network Services Software Tech Startups Technology Telecommunications Trends All Legal Competition Law Corporate & Commercial Law Criminal Law Cyber Law Environmental Law Immigration & Citizenship Law Labour Law Land & Property Law Law of Succession Law Practice Legislation Media & Entertainment Law Medical Law Public Liability Tax Law Trends All Lifestyle Art Events Fashion Food & Wine Movies Music Sport Theatre Travel Trends Wellness Win All Logistics & Transport Aviation Cargo & Storage Distribution Fleet Management Public Transport Railway Shipping Supply Chain Transport Trends Warehousing All Manufacturing Industrial automation Machinery Manufacturing Trends All Marketing & Media Advertising Branding Cinema CRM CSI Design Digital Direct Marketing Education Entrepreneurship Events & Conferencing Exhibitions Magazines Marketing Media Mobile New Campaigns Newspapers Online Media OOH PR & Communications Printing Production Promotions Publishing Radio Recruitment Research Retail Sales Social Media Sponsorship TV Youth Marketing In the news Enquire about a company press office All Property Commercial Property Industrial Property Market & Investments Property Management Rental Residential Trends All Retail Banking & Finance CGF Global Summit Cold Chain Commercial Property CRM CSI E-commerce eCommerce Awards Exhibitions & Events Fashion, Clothing & Textiles FMCG Franchising Green Sustainability Health & Safety Hospitality Import/Export In-store Media Informal Retailing Manufacturing Merchandising Packaging Refrigeration Regulatory Research Retail Marketing Retail Services Retailers Sales Security Shopfitting Supply Chain Technology Training Trends All Tourism Accommodation Air Travel Catering Food Services Hospitality MICE Restaurant Supply Tourism Tourism & Travel Campaigns Tours Travel Trends Marketing News Menu News MyBiz Press offices Jobs Events Contributors People directory Companies Multimedia News My Biz Press offices Jobs Events Contributors People Companies Multimedia News Company news In briefs New appointments New business Newsletter archive Most read articles Submit news My newsfeed My profile Edit my profile My CV My favourites My portfolio/showcase My followers Following people Press office news Press offices Press office listings Press office info My press office Open a Biz Press Office Jobs offered Jobs wanted My saved jobs My CV Recruiters Companies recruiting Submit a job advert Recruitment login Submit a job Industry events Workshops Other Calendar Submit event Articles Contributors A-Z Contribute Find people People you may know Invite people Edit my profile Company listings Associations My company Press office companies Get a company listing Video Audio Galleries Images Submit your media News Company news In briefs New appointments New business Latest newsletter Most read Subscribe to industry newsletters Top stories #Loeries2017: Jury president jabber with Pum LefebureLeigh Andrews Facebook, Google crack down on hate speech: EU #IMC2017: Creatives on effective storytellingLeigh Andrews #IMCConf 2017: Cracking big ideas in the cognitive eraLeigh Andrews Inaugural Africa Shared Value Summit shifts perceptions on business as usual Digital Signage Summit Europe 2017 introduces DooH, Smart Cities, retail applications Grey Africa nabs third spot at the Creative Circle Awards Pope Francis ahead of Trump, Modi on Twitter Red Cherry Interactive produces new season of Boxer Super Shopper Show ABC Notice No 3 2017 #Winning with the new Cadbury P.S. bar Customer care consultant now aspiring events managerNana Zuke Senior appointment at Sekunjalo Investment Holdings Growing brand belief to new heights Lions Health announces programme Seven creative economy trends from Saco Conference Adventurous filmographers can enter Cape Union Mart Adventure Film Challenge Facebook, Instagram research into gender bias 2017 Mobile 360 - Africa open for registration CityVarsity students shine at the Arnold Classic Africa sports eventNana ZukeMore Top stories news...  Submit news Bizcommunity has over 400 industry contributors and we always welcome further contributions and contributors. Submit news Riverbed's PR team expansion aligned to agency growth 31 May 2017 | Save | Email | Print |  PDF    By: Michelle Cave, Issued by: Riverbed The month of May saw Riverbed, leading female, black-owned and -managed, integrated communications agency, boost its public relations team with the appointments of Sibongile Modiba and Mpho Singo. Sibongile (left) and Mpho (right)Joining as account director after 13 years of industry experience, Sibongile brings her strength in strategy and reputation management to the agency. She holds a National Diploma in Public Relations Management obtained from the Cape Peninsula University of Technology in 2004, and has worked in both corporate and in an agency environment. Her client exposure includes brands such as Accenture, P&G (Ariel), Chivas Regal, Deloitte, Indigo Cosmetics (Coty Brand, Yardley and Rimmel), City of Tshwane and BankSETA, to name a few. Public relations executive, Mpho has a passion for events, brand management and media relations. She studied at the University of Johannesburg, earning her diploma in PR and Communications Management in 2012. She previously worked for clients such as Montecasino, Imperial Auto, Merck Pharmaceuticals, TomTom, Targus and Footwear Trading (Diesel, Levi's and Jeep), amongst others. CEO and founder of Riverbed, Monalisa Sibongile Zwambila, commented on the new recruits saying, “We have an ambition to be the best-of-breed agency, and hiring people with a well-rounded mix of skill, experience and attitude, as is evident in both Sibongile and Mpho, promises to drive greatness and keep us on track for year-on-year agency growth. We are delighted to have them onboard, adding value to our growing client base.” ‹    Like Save Email Print PDF Riverbed's press office Riverbed's PR team expansion aligned to agency growth 31 May 2017 Riverbed a finalist for Financial Mail Adfocus Small Advertising Agency of 2016 19 Oct 2016 Riverbed appoints new head of client service and events 23 Aug 2016 PPC and JP 21 Project begin rollout of concrete cricket pitches in Mitchells Plain 3 Mar 2016 Riverbed bags cement giant PPC! 11 May 2015 RiverbedThe Riverbed Agency is a strategic Integrated Marketing Communications (IMC) Agency, obsessed and passionate about communicating in every way possible. Profile | News | Contact | Twitter | Facebook | RSS Feed Comment on thisComment Comment guidelines and disclaimer LEGAL DISCLAIMER: This Message Board accepts no liability of legal consequences that arise from the Message Boards (e.g. defamation, slander, or other such crimes). All posted messages are the sole property of their respective authors. The maintainer does retain the right to remove any message posts for whatever reasons. People that post messages to this forum are not to libel/slander nor in any other way depict a company, entity, individual(s), or service in a false light; should they do so, the legal consequences are theirs alone. Bizcommunity.com will disclose authors' IP addresses to authorities if compelled to do so by a court of law. Read more: Accenture, Riverbed Related #Winning with the new Cadbury P.S. bar Issued by Just Design Adventurous filmographers can enter Cape Union Mart Adventure Film Challenge Red Cherry Interactive produces new season of Boxer Super Shopper Show Issued by Red Cherry Interactive Lions Health announces programme News Show more Subscribe Receive free email newsletter Make us your homepage Add us to your favorites RSS feed Get biz on your phone Follow us Invite Tell a friend about us News Articles News by industry Company news Cartoons Events In briefs Galleries Newsletter archive Ornico ad showcase Reviews Trends Community Companies Contributors Portfolio showcases Forums Jobs Jokes Noticeboards People Polls Social media Submit News Company Job ad Op-ed contribution Portfolio showcase New business New appointment Event listing Gallery Noticeboard MyBiz Account Home My company listing My job ads My newsfeed MyBiz CV MyBiz Favourites MyBiz Profile Subscribe to news My newsletters Customise newsletters Advertise Product overview Website Newsletters Press offices Recruitment Special products Download ratecard Contact us Bizcommunity About us Contact us Send us news Our Biz Press Office Follow us Feedback Join us ADSL & Web hosting proudly provided by Afrihost. All rights reserved. Copyright © 2017. Bizcommunity.com, its sponsors, contributors and advertisers disclaim all liability for any loss, damage, injury or expense that might arise from the use of, or reliance upon, the services contained herein. Privacy policy, Terms of Use, PAIA.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by wiseguyreports Diapers Market – Indian Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2021 In India, of late, hygiene industry is experiencing an unprecedented growth as hygiene products are being adopted into the lifestyle of the masses. With the increased awareness and increasing purchasing power, customers are fast shifting from cloth nappies to baby diapers. Consumers today are looking for baby diapering solutions that go beyond the basic benefits of dryness and go the extra mile to incorporate value-adding features such as softness and caring for their baby’s delicate skin. Indians give birth to around 27 million babies each year, yet the penetration rate of baby diapers remains at less than two percent. Request a sample report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/744750-india-diapers-market-outlook-2021 According to “India Diaper Market Outlook, 2021”, India’s diaper market was growing with a CAGR of 22.23% over past five years. In 2014, the market for baby diapers in urban India grew with a CAGR of 19.99% whereas in rural India the growth was much higher than urban. On the basis of age, the report categorizes the India diaper market into baby diapers and adult diapers. Baby diapers constitute the leading category in the market. During the forecast horizon, adult diapers market is expected to grow significantly due to the increasing healthcare standards in the country. However, social and economic constraints of using adult diapers are hampering the market growth. P&G’s Pampers dominates the overall diaper industry, followed by Huggies and Mamy Poko. P&G’s lack of innovation and focus on higher margins amid aggressive strategies adopted by its competitors to increase their market share is expected to decrease brand’s market share in future. Japanese firm Unicharm, which sells Mamy Poko diapers, overtook Kimberly Clark in baby diaper segment nearly two years ago. In baby diaper segment, Pampers, Mamy Poko and Huggies constitute more than 85% of the market by value whereas in adult diaper segment, Nobel Hygiene and Actifit dominate the industry heavily. Diapers are broadly categorized into two types i.e. disposable diapers and cloth diapers. Disposable diapers constitute the largest market share and are seeing increasing investments by manufacturers in their research and development. In the last few years modern cloth diapers have become a fast moving trend worldwide for families looking for a natural modern way to diaper their babies. Sales of cloth diapers were 140 lakh units in 2014 and are expected to climb up in the forecast period, owing to environmental benefits. Other type of diapers includes swim pants and training pants which has a marginal market share in India. Complete report details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/744750-india-diapers-market-outlook-2021       Key points in table of content 1. Executive Summary 2. Global Diaper Market Outlook  2.1. Market Size By Value 2.2.  Market Share By Segment 2.3.  Global Baby Diaper Market 2.3.1. Market Size By Value 2.3.1.1. Overall Market 2.3.1.2. Cloth Diaper Market 2.3.1.3. Disposable Diaper Market 2.3.1.4. Swim Pants Market 2.3.1.5. Training Pants Market 2.3.2. Market Share 2.3.2.1. By Company 2.3.2.2. By Region 2.3.2.3. By Type 2.4.  Global Adult Diaper Market 2.4.1.  Market Size By Value 2.4.2.  Market Share By Company 3. India Diaper Market Outlook  3.1.  Market Size By Value 3.2.  Market Share 3.2.1. By Brand 3.2.2. By Segment 3.3.  India Baby Diaper Market 3.3.1. Market Size By Value 3.3.1.1. Overall Market 3.3.1.2. Cloth Diaper Market 3.3.1.3. Disposable Diaper Market 3.3.1.4. By Target Demographics 3.3.2. Market Size By Volume 3.3.2.1. Cloth Diaper Market 3.3.2.2. Disposable Diaper Market 3.3.3. Market Share 3.3.3.1. By Brand 3.3.3.2. By Type 3.4.  India Adult Diaper Market 3.4.1. Market Size By Value 3.4.2. Market Size By Volume 3.4.3. Market Share By Company 4. India Economic Snapshot 5. Pricing Analysis 6. Packsize Analysis 7. Channel Partner Analysis 8. Trade Dynamics 8.1.  Import 8.2.  Export 9. Market Trends & Developments  9.1.  Marketing Drive by the Multinationals 9.2.  Appreciation for Western Lifestyles 9.3.  Growing Trend of Working Women’s in India 9.4.  Emergence of Private Label Brands 9.5.  Comfort and Thinness 9.6.  Hygiene and Sanitation Awareness 10. Competitive Landscape  10.1.              Porters Five Forces 10.2.              Company Profiles 10.2.1.  SCA Hygiene Products India Pvt. Ltd. 10.2.2.  Johnson & Johnson Private Limited 10.2.3.  Procter & Gamble (P&G) 10.2.4.  Kimberly Clark Lever Pvt. Ltd. 10.2.5.  The Unicharm India Pvt. Ltd. 10.2.6.  Nobel Hygiene Pvt. Ltd. 10.2.7.  Godrej Consumer Product Limited 10.2.8.  The BellaPremier Happy HygieneCare Pvt. Ltd. 10.2.9.  Wipro Consumer Care & Lighting Limited 10.2.10.               CareMate Health Care Inc. 11. Strategic Recommendations 12. Disclaimer Get this report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=744750 Contact US: NORAH TRENT Partner Relations & Marketing Manager sales@wiseguyreports.com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsBaby Diaper Market, Diapers industry forecast, Diapers Market Analysis, Diapers Market Growth, Diapers market parameters, Diapers market segmentation, Diapers Market Share, Diapers Market size, Diapers market trend Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Orbis Research: World Mono Ethanol Amine Industry Trends, Growth (2017-2021) Forecast Next PostNext Why Digital Asset Management (DAM) Systems Market is Growing Exponentially?? Study Growth Factors, Trends, Key-Players and Forecasts!! Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Online Beauty and Personal Care Market: Global Markets & Advanced Technologies Online Beauty and Personal Care Market Beauty and personal care products are applied to the skin in order to avoid symptoms such as early aging, black patches, and pimples. The increasing number of millennial shoppers has added to the growth of online retail channels, most of which are price-sensitive. Moreover, consumers prefer shopping online at discounted rates and therefore increasingly adopt online shopping. Hair conditioners, hair styling gels,bath gels,and shower products are the commonly purchased beauty and personal care products online. Additionally, the wide range of products available on online platforms and the time-saving aspect of the medium are factors that have contributed to the rise of the online retail phenomenon. E-retailers offer better security features for online payments, customer-friendly services, easy-to-navigate shopping websites, and easy delivery, due to which the number of consumers using online shopping portals is anticipated to increase significantly in the next few years. The global online beauty and personal care market is divided in terms of product types into the following categories: skin care, oral hygiene, hair care, color cosmetics, fragrances, sun care, bath and shower, deodorants, baby and child care, male grooming, and depilatory products. Among all of these, skin care products are prominently purchased across different regions. This segment includes facial care products and body lotions which enhance skin quality, prevent wrinkles, rejuvenate the cells, and brighten the complexion. The availability of several brands and new features in the market is expected to boost the online sales of skin care products in the next few years. In addition, leading vendors focus on launching products comprising ingredients derived from organic and natural sources to amplify their revenue generation. Obtain Report Details @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/online-beauty-personal… The online beauty and personal care market is geographically distributed over North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Middle East & Africa (MEA), and Latin America. Asia Pacific accounted for the maximum share in the market in 2015, which is primarily driven by the availability of new brands, consumer experimentation with new products, and an increased demand for fragrances and colored cosmetics. The growing adoption of specific products such as skin lightening products across different age groups as well as anti-aging cosmetics are projected to fuel the expansion of the market in this region. In addition to this, regional brands are also gaining popularity due to their unique properties. Latin America is a potentially attractive market for online beauty and personal care and its share is estimated to rise over the forecast period. The global market is highly competitive with the presence of a large number of large-scale and small-scale vendors who compete with each other in terms of product differentiation, quality, prices, innovation, distribution, and brand promotion. Key players operating in this market include Amazon, Estée Lauder, Sephora, L’Oréal, and P&G. Other prominent vendors include Macy’s Inc., Drugstore.com, Ulta, e-Bay, Groupon, Kroger, J.C. Penney, Target, and Walmart. They sell different brands including their home brands and private consumer products to end-users. The increasing scope of network marketing and espousal of m-commerce (mobile-commerce) is predicted to be beneficial for these market players during the forecast period. These players dominate the market with their vast geographic presence and production facilities in different countries. Get accurate market forecast and analysis on the Online Beauty and Personal Care Market. Request a sample to stay abreast on the key trends impacting this market@ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… However, the global online beauty and personal care market is also characterized by the presence of several regional and small manufacturers who lead the market in countries such as the U.K. and China. Manufacturers are focusing on opening new retail outlets to strengthen their distribution channels and increase their earnings. In order to meet the growing demand of the consumers in the market, a variety of different products are launched by various leading as well as emerging manufacturers. The report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions. By doing so, the research report serves as a repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market, including but not limited to: Regional markets, technology, types, and applications. About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. We have an experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, who us e proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR Syndicated Research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemical, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, our syndicated reports thrive to rovide clients to serve their overall research requirement. Contact Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsIT, New Media & Software Post navigation Previous PostPrevious NMSU researcher aims to educate public about bed bug prevention Next PostNext Network Function Virtualization Market: Emerging Market Trends, Size, Share and Growth Analysis Search Recent Posts Pier 33 Announces On-Water Boating Demonstrations Viamet Presents Phase 2b Results Demonstrating Unprecedented Efficacy of Oral VT-1161 in the Treatment of Recurrent Vulvovaginal Candidiasis New World Bank Project in Djibouti to Fund Electricity Connections for 14,000 of the Poorest Households Pieris Pharmaceuticals Announces Presentation of Clinical Data for Anemia Drug Candidate, PRS-080, at the 54th ERA-EDTA Congress UN chief strongly condemns terrorist attacks in London Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Sections Home The Corner Bench Memos Morning Jolt The G-File Magazine Photo Essays Podcasts All Articles Search Donate E-mails & Alerts Subscribe Print Subscribe Digital Store Advertising About Contact Privacy NR Institute The Corner National Review Login The Corner The one and only. An Embarrassment at Bethune-Cookman Share article on Facebookshare Tweet articletweet Plus one article on Google Plus+1 Print Article Adjust font size AA AA AA AA AA AA AA by George Leef June 2, 2017 5:31 PM Having obviously learned nothing about good manners during their college years, many of the grads of Bethune-Cookman University — a historically black school in Florida — staged a protest against graduation speaker Betsy DeVos. They wanted to shout her down because she’s part of the Trump administration and therefore a presumptive enemy of progress for blacks. Then something remarkable happened. The school’s president upbraided them for their childish behavior and Secretary DeVos was able to give her speech. But there’s even more to the story, as William Mattox points out in this Martin Center essay. You see, the university’s founder, Mary McLeod Bethune, herself was given the “we don’t want you speaking here” treatment long ago, but handled that with grace. Furthermore, Mattox writes: Interestingly, one of Mary McLeod Bethune’s most loyal and enthusiastic backers — James N. Gamble of Proctor & Gamble fame — had a demographic profile and philanthropic focus almost mirroring those of Betsy DeVos. Like DeVos, Gamble was a Midwestern Protestant Republican who used monies inherited from a family cleaning products fortune to help give educational options to disadvantaged children being neglected by their local school system. How sad that the Bethune-Cookman kids have been so completely imbued with the notion that big government is the only way for minority students to obtain the education they need. Otherwise, they’d have been eager to hear what Secretary DeVos had to say. Mattox concludes, “What makes the 2017 Bethune-Cookman graduation notable isn’t that some B-CU students proved that they could behave just as badly as college students elsewhere. What makes it notable is that B-CU’s president unapologetically confronted student boorishness with a stirring reminder of why free inquiry remains central to the mission of any legitimate university.” The Corner The one and only. Full Blog More Stories Load More Get Our Newsletters   Trending on National Review     About Institute Advertise Contact NR Facebook Twitter Google+ Privacy
News Sports Entertainment Real Estate 73° Full Menu 73° Customer Service Newsletters Digital Edition News News Local Crime Databases Education Election Politics Nation/World Special Reports Carolina College Bound Columnists Campaign Tracker Retro Charlotte Your Schools Mark Washburn All Blogs & Columns Sports Sports Carolina Panthers Charlotte Hornets That's Racin' High Schools College Sports Charlotte Knights/MLB Other Sports Blogs & Columnists Inside the Panthers Inside the NBA Prep Insiders Scott Fowler Tom Sorensen All Blogs & Columns Politics Politics Elections Business Business Banking ShopTalk Top Workplaces National Business Bank Watch What's in Store Development Earth and Energy All Blogs & Columns Living Living Religion Food & Drink Health & Family Home & Garden CLT Style Travel Living Here Guide Deal Diva Everyday Angels Blogs & Columnists I'll Bite Karen Garloch Kathleen Purvis All Blogs & Columns Entertainment Entertainment Events Movie News & Reviews Restaurants Music/Nightlife Television Books Comics Puzzles & Games Contests Media Scene Blogs & Columnists Helen Schwab Sound Bites Lawrence Toppman All Blogs & Columns Opinion Opinion Editorials Kevin Siers Letters Submit a Letter Viewpoint All Blogs & Columns Blogs & Columnists O-Pinion You Write The Caption Taylor Batten Eric Frazier Peter St. Onge Celebrations Obituaries Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Virtual Career Fair Homes Classifieds Shopping Place an ad MomsCharlotte Carolina Bride Magazine Lake Norman Magazine South Park Magazine President Trump speaks about the Paris climate change accord in the Rose Garden at the White House on Thursday. THE WASHINGTON POST The Washington Post President Trump speaks about the Paris climate change accord in the Rose Garden at the White House on Thursday. THE WASHINGTON POST The Washington Post Business June 02, 2017 4:37 PM Bank of America signed letter backing Paris pact, but stays quiet after Trump’s withdrawal By Taylor Blatchford tblatchford@charlotteobserver.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Bank of America CEO Brian Moynihan was among a group of CEOs who signed a letter to President Donald Trump last month urging him to keep the U.S. in the Paris climate agreement. But unlike some of his peers, Moynihan hasn’t spoken out since Trump pulled the U.S. from the enviromental action agreement on Thursday. Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein, for instance, used his first-ever tweet to decry the move on Thursday. “Today’s decision is a setback for the environment and for the U.S.’s leadership position in the world,” the Goldman CEO, who also signed the letter, wrote. Today's decision is a setback for the environment and for the U.S.'s leadership position in the world. #ParisAgreement— Lloyd Blankfein (@lloydblankfein) June 1, 2017 Bank of America did not respond to a request for comment Friday. Signed in 2015 by 195 nations, the Paris climate agreement was intended to unite global leaders in combating climate change. Trump said the pact imposed unfair environmental standards on American businesses and he wanted to negotiate a better deal for the U.S. In their May 10 letter, the CEOs wrote that they were concerned about “keeping the doors open for the global flow of American manufactured goods and products.” “Based on our vast experience doing business all over the world, we believe there is strong potential for negative trade implications if the United States exits from the Paris Agreement,” the letter reads. The Paris agreement strengthens American competitiveness, benefits manufacturing, supports investment and expands markets for clean-energy technologies, according to the letter. “Our business interests are best served by a stable and practical framework facilitating an effective and balanced response to reducing global GHG emissions,” the CEOs wrote. “The Paris Agreement gives us that flexible framework to manage climate change while providing a smooth transition for business.” The CEOs of Tesla, The Goldman Sachs Group, JP Morgan Chase, General Electric, The Walt Disney Group and Morgan Stanley also signed the letter. Procter & Gamble Company CEO David Taylor is a Charlotte native. Another bank with a big Charlotte presence, Wells Fargo, did not sign the letter. The bank declined to comment Friday. Bank of America CEO Brian Moynihan speaks at a luncheon at Hilton Charlotte Center City in February. Diedra Laird dlaird@charlotteobserver.com Moynihan said in a December television interview that the Charlotte-based company is working to combat climate change. “We believe in the science at Bank of America,” Moynihan said. “We believe we have to get off fossil fuels.” Trump’s move will have little practical effect on Carolinas businesses, local experts say — power companies are already moving toward cleaner energy processes, and many smaller companies are working to reduce carbon emissions. Taylor Blatchford: 704-358-5354; @blatchfordtr LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 10 days ago New office tower puts on a light show 3:06 10 days ago New office tower puts on a light show 1:17 12 days ago Elevated Roadway project at Charlotte Douglas International Airport 1:51 13 days ago Summer travel tips offered by airport officials View More Video Business Correction: Plant Explosion-Wisconsin story Terror attack on London Bridge leaves 6 dead; police shoot 3 The Latest: 12 people arrested over London attack US energy chief reassures Japan of commitment to environment System aims to recreate challenging mountain climbs in gym Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store News in Education Published Corrections Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Get News Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping CLT Digital More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Canada 2017 Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out CBC News World CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video World Photo Galleries EPA head calls Trump's climate deal withdrawal 'courageous,' 'thoughtful' Scott Pruitt dodges the question of whether climate change is an 'existential threat' CBC News Posted: Jun 02, 2017 3:20 PM ET Last Updated: Jun 02, 2017 5:31 PM ET EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt points as he answers questions from members of the media during the daily briefing in the Brady Press Briefing Room of the White House in Washington on Friday. (Pablo Martinez Monsivais/The Associated Press) Related Stories 'Catastrophic nonsense': Putin slams probes into Trump team, Russian ambassador 'Red meat to the base': Trump scores points with supporters by rejecting climate deal What the U.S. pulling out of the Paris accord means for Canada's oilpatch Canada 'deeply disappointed' by U.S. withdrawal from Paris climate deal, Trudeau says Trump announces U.S. will withdraw from 'very unfair' Paris climate accord Why Trump quitting Paris might not necessarily be the end of the world Trump administration hollows out EPA science integrity board EPA head asks Congress to weigh in on dangers of carbon dioxide The head of the Environmental Protection Agency on Friday launched a vigorous defence of Donald Trump's decision to pull the U.S. out of the Paris climate-change agreement, but refused to say whether the president believes climate change is a hoax. Scott Pruitt, speaking to reporters at the White House press briefing, called Trump's decision to exit the Paris deal on Thursday as "courageous" and "thoughtful" and that it does not mean disengagement from the issue of climate change. Pruitt said nations were free to renegotiate new climate change terms with the U.S. He sidestepped a question on whether Trump believed climate change was real or not, by saying the discussions focused solely on, "Is Paris good, or not, for this country?" Trump in 2012 tweeted that climate change was a "hoax" perpetrated by the Chinese to make U.S. manufacturing less competitive, but as with many issues, his views and statements have shifted over time as he became first a candidate, then president. Pruitt said both he and Trump believed the Paris deal put the U.S. at an economic disadvantage and that the benefits in terms of the environment were negligible even if all the nations met their targets. In addition, Pruitt said, the Paris agreement let major polluters China and India off the hook by not setting strict timelines for reducing their emissions. It is contention that has been disputed in the hours since Trump's announcement. 'Red meat to the base': Trump scores points with supporters on Paris Canada 'deeply disappointed,' Trudeau says of U.S. decision Later, Pruitt said there were "climate exaggerators" in the media and politics who were hindering the discussions over the issue of whether global warming is an "existential threat." "Measuring with precision, from my perspective, the degree of human contribution is very challenging," he said. The Paris climate-change accord was struck in 2015, agreed to by over 190 states and the European Union. Nicaragua and Syria were the only notable countries who were not signatories to the deal. U.S. President Donald Trump was pressed at the recent G7 summit in Italy about his resistance to the Paris deal. (Jonathan Ernst/AFP/Getty Images) The U.S., under former president Barack Obama, announced jointly with China in 2016 it would push forward with the agreement's targets. Pruitt said he didn't consider exiting Paris as a broken promise that will reduce U.S. credibility in the international community, as he said entering such a deal should have required ratification in the Senate. "What we have to remember with respect to things like the Paris agreement, is we have nothing to be apologetic about as a country," he said. "We have reduced our CO2 footprint to levels of the early 1990s; in fact from 2000 to 2014 we reduced our carbon footprint by up over 18 per cent." Pruitt said that the progress has been accomplished largely through innovation and technology, not government mandate. "We are leading with action and not words." Jean-Claude Juncker, president of the European Commission, this week criticized Trump's resistance to the deal, saying the U.S. president doesn't understand the fine print of the agreement and that the process of formally withdrawing could take months if not years. Two views of Pittsburgh Canada has said its participation in the deal is ironclad. Trump was pressed at the recent G7 summit in Italy about his resistance to the deal, although Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said he wasn't prepared to "lecture another country on what they should do." Trudeau said Thursday that Canada was "deeply disappointed," adding that Canada is "unwavering in our commitment" to fight climate change. Corporate leaders in America ranging from Coca-Cola to 3M to Dow Chemical and Procter & Gamble have expressed opposition to leaving the deal, saying it may lead to negative trade implications as it isolates the country from all of its traditional allies. The deal benefits U.S. manufacturing, and encourages investment in new technologies and opportunities, 30 leaders said in a public letter earlier this month. After the announcement, Tesla CEO Elon Musk said he would leave his post on three White House economic advisory councils. "Climate change is real," said Musk. "Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world." Lloyd Blankfein, the CEO of multinational financial giant Goldman Sachs, posted to Twitter for the first time on Thursday: "Today's decision is a setback for the environment and for the U.S.'s leadership position in the world." Trump decision might not necessarily be end of the world During his announcement, Trump said he was elected to represent the people of Pittsburgh, not Paris, referring to the Pennsylvania city that was the longtime steel capital of the U.S. Pittsburgh Mayor Bill Peduto quickly lashed back at what he said was an erroneous impression of the city, trumpeting the strides it has made in clean-energy technology. "In his speechwriter's mind, Pittsburgh is this dirty old town that relies upon big coal and big steel to survive," the mayor said. Peduto was among dozens of mayors and governors on Thursday who said they would strengthen alliances to combat climate change and adhere to the Paris benchmarks. "We will increase our efforts to cut greenhouse gas emissions, create a clean energy economy, and stand for environmental justice," the group called the Climate Mayors said in a statement. Following Pruitt on the podium, White House spokesperson Sean Spicer also refused to address whether Trump believed climate change was real and said that the president was fulfilling a campaign promise in leaving the Paris pact. With files from The Associated Press Report Typo or Error Send Feedback To encourage thoughtful and respectful conversations, first and last names will appear with each submission to CBC/Radio-Canada's online communities (except in children and youth-oriented communities). Pseudonyms will no longer be permitted. By submitting a comment, you accept that CBC has the right to reproduce and publish that comment in whole or in part, in any manner CBC chooses. Please note that CBC does not endorse the opinions expressed in comments. Comments on this story are moderated according to our Submission Guidelines. Comments are welcome while open. We reserve the right to close comments at any time. Comments FAQ Submission Policy Note: The CBC does not necessarily endorse any of the views posted. By submitting your comments, you acknowledge that CBC has the right to reproduce, broadcast and publicize those comments or any part thereof in any manner whatsoever. Please note that comments are moderated and published according to our submission guidelines. Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Latest Video Ariana Grande's manager speaks at One Love Manchester 1:04 Sunday Scrum: How should politicians react to terrorism? 12:16 Sunday Scrum: Canada vows to uphold Paris accord 7:09 London mayor reacts to attack 3:20 Most Viewed Trudeau condemns 'senseless' attack in London that killed 7, including B.C. woman 7 dead, 21 critically injured in London attack Death toll in London 'terrorist incidents' rises to 7, police also kill 3 attackers 'Enough is enough,' U.K. PM says after latest London attacks More than 1,000 soccer fans injured in stampede in Turin, Italy 'It's not going to stop me': Londoners defiant in wake of terror attack Gambling debt was motive behind Philippines casino attack, not terrorism, police say Is the Trump-Russia scandal turning into another Watergate? Could Trump block Comey testimony? How executive privilege works Manchester police release latest man arrested over concert blast Right Communications The National Canada's destination for original journalism and stories with added depth and context. Don't Miss Updated 'He held her and watched her die in his arms': London attack victim from Castlegar, B.C. Libyan-Canadian cleric linked to Manchester bomber plans return to Canada to clear his name Analysis 'It's not going to stop me': Londoners defiant in wake of terror attack 'I lost everything': Couple says Sask. witness protection program failed them New What we know about the London attack so far Come From Away wins 3 Drama Desk Awards, including outstanding musical Ariana Grande returns to the stage for Manchester benefit show Is Apple building a Siri speaker? We might find out this week Junior hockey's biggest fight isn't on the ice — it's in the courtroom Man who mowed lawn with tornado behind him says he 'was keeping an eye on it' 'Boosting the economy from the bottom up': Why minimum wage hikes are a good thing Bell, Rogers, Telus raise some internet prices — while small providers drop theirs 'I made it': B.C. teen becomes youngest climber to reach Canada's highest peak What to look for when choosing sunscreen for your kids: Your sun protection questions answered 'Enough is enough,' U.K. PM says after latest London attacks Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In The Irish Times Mon, Jun 5, 2017 The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Companies Media & Marketing Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Businessperson Awards Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Cannes ad festival restricts super yachts to avoid ‘excess of celebration’ ‘It was like Club 18-30 down there,’ said organiser of Lions event Fri, Jun 2, 2017, 16:29 Passes for Cannes Lions festival can cost as much as €5,215 per person. Photograph: iStock         Organisers of this year’s Cannes Lions advertising festival are introducing new restrictions on super yachts entering the Cote d’Azur port as part of a wider crackdown on what they call “inappropriate” and “distasteful” behaviour during the week-long event. In a move likely to be welcomed by some ad and media executives who have been calling for tighter controls on Cannes’ party culture, the event’s owners Ascential have struck a deal with the city’s authorities to “privatise” part of the harbour for the first time in the festival’s 64-year history. Duncan Painter, chief executive of Ascential, said last year there was “an excess of celebration” on boats in the harbour, which was “not in line with the festival’s brand”. Mr Painter pointed to two super yachts hired by the Daily Mail group as an example of the “distasteful” behaviour he said his customers had asked him to rein in. Daily Mail yachts “It was like Club 18-30 down there,” said Mr Painter, referring to the Mail’s hired yachts. “They ran a 24/7 party. That is not what we wanted at our event. Cannes is about the work and the quality of creativity. We want the dignity and style that reflects the industry we are in.” Those looking to rent a yacht and moor it at the Jetee Albert Edouard, next to the city’s Palais de Festivals, to entertain guests and clients will now be required to buy an official Lions festival pass for the boat as well as the number of people on board. The new rules will also require guests to buy a pass or register with the organisers to gain access to some of the city’s top hotels. Passes for the festival, which starts later this month and will this year feature star speakers such as the actress Dame Helen Mirren and Hollywood director Ron Howard, can cost as much as €5,215 per person. The Daily Mail’s boat parties have been one of the big attractions at Cannes Lions in the past three years with the reality TV star Kim Kardashian and the singer Sting among a number of A-list celebrities used to help promote the group’s newspapers and its website Mail Online with advertisers. But the company said it had decided to take a break this year. “No doubt we will be sorely missed,” the Daily Mail said. “But we are extremely happy with the wisdom of our decision not to invest in the festival this year.” In common with all newspaper publishers, DMGT, the Mail’s parent company, has been hit by a sharp decline in print advertising revenues. Print advertising Last week, the company announced that print advertising at the Mail titles had fallen 12 per cent in the six months to the end of March although online advertising had jumped by 19 per cent over the same period. This year’s festival was always likely to be a more sober affair with the advertising industry under growing pressure as multi-nationals such as Procter & Gamble slash their ad budgets and agencies try to come to terms with the growing power of technology groups like Google and Facebook. Sir Martin Sorrell, WPP chief executive, hinted last year that the world’s biggest advertising group might rethink its approach to Cannes. “Along with the Effies [industry awards], Cannes remains the most important celebration and recognition of what we do,” Sir Martin said. “But I don’t think the industry does itself any favours by overspending at the festival.” Mr Painter said that the new measures had also been introduced to help ensure the safety of the 30,000-plus guests who regularly descended on Cannes for the Lions festival. But he added that concerns over the state of the ad business were also a factor. “Cannes is to celebrate,” he said. “But when we see the level of excess we saw last year it’s just inappropriate with where the industry is right now.” Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2017       Topics: Duncan Painter Helen Mirren Kim Kardashian Martin Sorrell Ron Howard Daily Mail Dmgt Facebook Google Procter and Gamble WPP Read More ‘We would be quite happy to have RTÉ relocated to Athlone’ Image problems: Ireland at the heart of football tax probes MailOnline is a success story that hasn’t made a profit Controversial EU video rules may cause glitches for US tech giants Ex-RTÉ boss Noel Curran to lead European Broadcasting Union What do ‘Peppa Pig’ and ‘Game of Thrones’ have in common? Miriam O’Callaghan enjoys pay rise at media firm Dacia Ireland gets behind the wheel of ‘Breakfast Republic’ Shareholders to confront Zuckerberg on fake news ‘The Irish Times’ wins gold at Global Media Awards  Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Financial Services No order from DPP to resume inquiry into Anglo auditors Work Wake-up call: Learn to dive into those tough talks International Ken Early: Ireland’s Uruguay win a classic of the June friendly genre Innovation Ormeau Baths reopens as tech start-up co-working hub Sponsored Impact of cyber threats on business set to increase Dublin Airport Central: Ireland’s next generation business destination at Terminal 2 Beauty with attitude: changing the conversation about ageing The Story of Home: a potter’s life Latest Business Ormeau Baths reopens as tech start-up co-working hub 05:45 Cork-based Thalman Health seeks $2m to fund wearable tech 05:10 Red-tape forces property agent to drop small-time landlords 05:00 No order from DPP to resume inquiry into Anglo auditors 05:00 Boylesports founder likely to pick successor from within family 05:00 Most Read in Business 1 May’s call for more control of internet misleading and misguided 2 Red-tape forces property agent to drop small-time landlords 3 Dún Laoghaire ferry terminal may become 450-job tech centre 4 Dublin 4 parking space for €40,000 and wifi too costly for Ryanair 5 No order from DPP to resume inquiry into Anglo auditors 6 Airbnb says it was drawn to Ireland’s welcoming nature 7 Did the Juicero squeeze the last drops out of American innovation? 8 UDG prepares $600m war chest for M&A deals 9 Revenue collects €61m from medical consultants tax investigation 10 Aryzta to acquire 49% stake in French food firm Picard Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Search executive jobs on irishtimes.com Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Mon 5/6/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Lions Tour Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Aftershave Lotion Market 2016 Trend, Analysis and Overview ReportsWeb.com published Aftershave Lotion Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, June 02, 2017 ) Aftershave lotion helps heal the infection of cuts during the shave and reduce skin irritation as well as prevent damage to the skin. It also moisturizes the skin. Dry shaving and wet shaving are the two types of shaving. Dry shaving is the process of shaving without using water or any shaving creams and foams. On the other hand, wet shaving is the traditional process of shaving with the use of water, shaving creams, soaps, and foams. Aftershave lotions are mainly used after a wet shave. Publisher's analysts forecast the global aftershave lotion market to grow at a CAGR of 7.14% during the period 2016-2020. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-aftershave-lotion-market-2016-2020 Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global aftershave lotion market for 2016-2020. To calculate the market size, the report considers revenue generated from the sales of aftershave lotions by vendors. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: -Americas -APAC -Europe -MEA Publisher's report, Global Aftershave Lotion Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors -Beiersdorf -Johnson & Johnson (J&J) -L'Oreal -P&G -Unilever Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001332864/sample Other prominent vendors -Avon Products -Colgate-Palmolive -Coty -Dr. Harris & Co. Ltd. -Edgewell Personal Care -Herbacin -Menscience Androceuticals -Period -Proraso -Raymond Group -Super-Max -Taylor of Old Bond Street -Vi-John Market driver -Growing corporate culture -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge -Trend of beard fashion -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend -Anti-aging benefits of aftershave lotion -For a full, detailed list, view our report Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001332864/buying . Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Digital Marketing Spending Market 2016 Trend, Analysis and Overview ReportsWeb.com published Digital Marketing Spending Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, June 02, 2017 ) Digital marketing is the most active and the fastest growing marketing technique. The growth can be attributed to global digitalization trend. Every minute, an estimated 650,000 search queries are raised on Google, more than 700 videos are hosted on YouTube, over 700,000 status updates and 500,000 comments are posted on Facebook, over 65,000 tweets are made worldwide, and approximately 180 million e-mails are sent. These figures emphasize the significance of digital media as a marketing tool. Publisher's analysts forecast the global digital marketing spending market to grow at a CAGR of 8.79% during the period 2016-2020. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-digital-marketing-spending-market-2016-2020 Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global digital marketing spending market for 2016-2020. To calculate the market size, Publisher analysts have considered expenditure on marketing in digital media. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: -Americas -APAC -EMEA Publisher's report, Global Digital Marketing Spending Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors -AT&T -Comcast -General Motors -P&G -Verizon Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001332865/sample Other prominent vendors -American Express -Fiat Chrysler -Ford -Johnson & Johnson -JPMorgan Chase -L'Oréal -Nissan -Pfizer -Toyota -Unilever -Volkswagen -Walt Disney Market driver -Global digital transformation -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge -Prone to cyber crimes -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend -Dominance of mobile devices -For a full, detailed list, view our report Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001332865/buying . Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Research and Markets - Dietary Supplements Market Report 2017-2022: Key Players are Pfizer, Procter & Gamble, Arm & Hammer, Amway & Abbott Laboratories News provided by Research and Markets 02 Jun, 2017, 09:30 ET Share this article DUBLIN, June 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Dietary Supplements Market - Forecasts from 2017 to 2022" report to their offering. Global dietary supplements market is projected to expand at a CAGR of 7.76% over the forecast period to reach a total market size of US$195.2 billion by 2022. A dietary supplement is a product that is intended to add nutritional value to an individual's diet. The dietary or nutritional supplement may be a vitamin, mineral, amino acid, herb or others. It may be in the form of tablets, capsules, soft gels, gelcaps, liquids, or powders. Consumption of these supplements ensures the intake of an appropriate amount of nutrients that a body requires for proper functioning also helps in mitigating the risk of certain diseases. Over the past decade, there has been a huge surge in the sales of dietary supplements owing to greater health awareness, bolstered by an increase in consumer awareness for preventive healthcare, a rise in ageing population, and expansion of sales channels especially due to higher internet penetration across developing economies. Geographically, Asia Pacific is expected to immensely drive the dietary supplements market in the years ahead, while North America and Europe are other major markets that will witness significant growth. Companies Mentioned Pfizer Procter & Gamble Amway BASF Arm and Hammer Abbott Laboratories CVS Pharmacy Kirkland Signature Key Topics Covered: 1. Introduction 2. Research Methodology 3. Executive Summary 4. Dietary Supplements Industry Overview 5. Dietary Supplements Market Forecast by Classification (US$ Billion) 6. Dietary Supplements Market Forecast by Geography (US$ Billion) 7. Competitive Intelligence 8. Company Profiles For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/khz874/dietary Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/research-and-markets---dietary-supplements-market-report-2017-2022-key-players-are-pfizer-procter--gamble-arm--hammer-amway--abbott-laboratories-300467844.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 02 Jun, 2017, 09:40 ET Preview: Research and Markets - Global Substation Automation Market - Forecasts from 2017 to 2022 - Key Players are Crompton Greaves, ABB, General Electric & Siemens AG 02 Jun, 2017, 09:20 ET Preview: Research and Markets - North America Skin Care Market Report 2017: Key Players are Johnson & Johnson, Unilever, Estee Lauder, Shiseido, Kao, Avon, P&G & Colgate-Palmolive My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 02 Jun, 2017, 19:20 ET Global Influenza Drugs and Vaccines Market 2016-2021:By Drugs... 02 Jun, 2017, 19:20 ET India Video Surveillance as a Service Market,-2023: Market is... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Medical Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Research and Markets - Dietary Supplements Market Report 2017-2022: Key Players are Pfizer, Procter & Gamble, Arm & Hammer, Amway & Abbott Laboratories News provided by Research and Markets 02 Jun, 2017, 09:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Research and Markets - North America Skin Care Market Report 2017: Key Players are Johnson & Johnson, Unilever, Estee Lauder, Shiseido, Kao, Avon, P&G & Colgate-Palmolive News provided by Research and Markets 02 Jun, 2017, 09:20 ET Share this article DUBLIN, June 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "North America Skin Care Market (2016-2022)" report to their offering. Skin Care Products are used extensively by the population for maintaining and improving the appearance of face and other body parts. The Skin Care products include face packs, creams, moisturizer, lotions, and conditioners among others. These products help in conditioning the skin, protecting the skin from environmental dust, oil & pollution and also clean makeup and soils. There is a huge demand for the skin products in the market such as conditioner, moisturizer, skin lighting creams, and anti-ageing creams, among others coming from population around the globe. These products are widely preferred by consumers of all the ages to maintain healthy and glowing skin. Additionally, the benefits provided by the skin care creams in handling black patches, pigmentation, acne, and pimples among others have enhanced the regular usage of skin care products globally. Moreover, factors such as different creams for different skin types have also attracted more customers to go for skin care products. Additionally, researchers have found that 71% of consumers are interested in anti-aging SPF enhanced body lotions and 59% are interested in body wash with SPF. The market for skin care products has been segmented on the basis of type and region. Based on Country, the market has been segmented into Face Creams and Body Lotion. Face Creams are further segmented into Anti-Ageing Cream, Skin Brightening Creams, and Sun Protection. On the other hand, Body lotions are divided into Mass Market Body Care Lotion, Premium Body Care. The key players operating in Skin Care Products Market are: Johnson & Johnson Unilever Estée Lauder Companies Inc. Shiseido Co. Ltd. Kao Corporation Avon Products Inc. Procter & Gamble Co. Colgate-Palmolive Company Key Topics Covered: 1. Market Scope & Methodology 2. Executive Summary 3. Market Overview 4. North America Skin Care Products Market 5. North America Skin Care Products Market by Country 6. Company Profiles For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/4wtrgw/north_america Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/research-and-markets---north-america-skin-care-market-report-2017-key-players-are-johnson--johnson-unilever-estee-lauder-shiseido-kao-avon-pg--colgate-palmolive-300467837.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 02 Jun, 2017, 09:30 ET Preview: Research and Markets - Dietary Supplements Market Report 2017-2022: Key Players are Pfizer, Procter & Gamble, Arm & Hammer, Amway & Abbott Laboratories 02 Jun, 2017, 09:10 ET Preview: Global Cloud-based Training Software Market to Grow at a CAGR of 9.2% by 2021 - Increased Need to Improve Employee Value - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 02 Jun, 2017, 19:20 ET Global Influenza Drugs and Vaccines Market 2016-2021:By Drugs... 02 Jun, 2017, 19:20 ET India Video Surveillance as a Service Market,-2023: Market is... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Research and Markets - North America Skin Care Market Report 2017: Key Players are Johnson & Johnson, Unilever, Estee Lauder, Shiseido, Kao, Avon, P&G & Colgate-Palmolive News provided by Research and Markets 02 Jun, 2017, 09:20 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Arun Patil Capric Acid Market 2017-2022: Trends, Top Manufacturers and Investment Opportunities for Stakeholders The Capric Acid market report includes a comprehensive analysis of the present state of the market. The report starts with the basic Capric Acid industry overview and then goes into each and every detail. In this report, the global Capric Acid market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. The Capric Acid market overview, which is the beginning of the report consists of various factors such as definitions, applications, and classifications of the Thickening Agents. Industry chain structure, industry news analysis, and industry policy analysis are also covered in the industry overview section of the market research report. Access Capric Acid Market Report at: https://www.marketreportsworld.com/10387170 The manufacturing cost structure analysis section, which follows the industry overview section, provides a detailed study on manufacturing cost structure and processes analysis, raw material suppliers and price analysis, equipment suppliers and price analysis, labor cost, and other cost analysis of the Capric Acid market. In-depth analysis of the company profiles and competitive strategies offered in the Capric Acid market research report Top Manufacturers Mentioned In Capric Acid Market report are: Henan Eastar Chemicals Co., Ltd., P&G, Temix Oleo, VVF LLC, Chemical Associates, Inc., Oleocomm International Ltd., Acidchem International Sdn Bhd and more. Regions covered in the Capric Acid Market report include: North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India Get a Sample of Capric Acid Market research report from: https://www.marketreportsworld.com/enquiry/request-sample/10387170 Further in the Plasmid Sales Market research report, following points Production, Sales and Revenue, Supply and Consumption and other analysis are included along with in-depth research. Capric Acid Market Product Types include: Animal, Plant along with Applications that include: Foods and Beverages, Pharmaceuticals, Industrial Chemicals, Cosmetics and Personal Care. The Capric Acid industry research report analyses the supply, sales, production, and market status comprehensively. Production market shares and sales market shares are analysed along with the study of capacity, production, sales, and revenue. Several other factors such as import, export, gross margin, price, cost, and consumption are also analysed under the section Analysis of Capric Acid production, supply, sales and market status. In the end, Capric Acid market report is a treasured source for both the individuals as well as the businesses as it provides detailed SWOT analysis along with the new project investments feasibility study. Get Capric Acid Market Report at: https://www.marketreportsworld.com/purchase/10387170     CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsBusiness, Capric Acid Industry, Capric Acid Industry growth, Capric Acid Market, Capric Acid Market analysis, Capric Acid Market growth, Capric Acid Market shares, Capric Acid Market size, Capric Acid Market Trends, Chemicals & Materials Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Dextrose Powder Market 2022: Study Growth Factors, Types and Applications with Industry Analysis and Forecasts Next PostNext Global Network as a Service Market Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 28.4% by Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
North America Fabric Wash and Care Market Report 2017 (2016-2022) - Research and Markets June 02, 2017 06:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time DUBLIN--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "North America Fabric Wash and Care Market (2016-2022)" report to their offering. Fabric wash and care refers to the products used to clean furniture and clothes. It is very essential to use the cleaning products to maintain the softness and cleaning in fabric. Variety of fabric washing products is available in the market, such as detergents, soaps, bleach, fabric softeners etc. Different types of clothes requires specific care guide like dry cleaning or hand wash to keep them looking their best. Fabric products could work on different seasonable clothes as well. Fabric washing products could be used for different types of fabrics such as Acrylic, Cotton, Denim, Linen, Microfiber, Nylon, Polyester, Rayon, Silk, Spandex, Velour, and Wool. Crown Health Care Laundry Services, Columbia brought Hygienically Clean Healthcare certification to North America. Additionally, Growth in awareness about the harmful effects by fabric wash products has encouraged customers to shift towards the eco-friendly and organic products. Hence, Major companies dealing in the production of fabric wash product have focused on launching innovative and eco-friendly products. Recently, Tide launched Tide Purclean, a biobased detergent, with the cleaning qualities of Tide Original Liquid Laundry Detergent. Other market players are also expected to launch more products. The key players operating in the market of fabric wash and care are - Church & Dwight Co., Inc. - Colgate-Palmolive - Henkel AG & Company, KGaA - Nice GR - Procter & Gamble - Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc - The National Detergent Company S.A.O.G - Unilever Group Key Topics Covered: 1. Market Scope & Methodology 2. Executive Summary 3. Market Overview 4. North America Fabric Wash & Care Market 5. North America Fabric Wash & Care Market by Application 6. North America Fabric Wash & Care Market by Country 7. Company Profiles For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/9b924m/north_america Contacts Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T. Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 Related Topics: Laundry Care and Detergents Contacts Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T. Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 Related Topics: Laundry Care and Detergents Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > The Market Reports Tweet   Global Phenethyl Oleate Capacity, Production (Units) Status and Outlook (2012-2022) Analyzed in a Latest Research Report Global Phenethyl Oleate Market Research Report 2017 contains historic data that spans 2012 to 2016, and then continues to forecast to 2022. That makes this report so invaluable, resources, for the leaders as well as the new entrants in the Industry   Global Phenethyl Oleate Market Research Report 2017 contains historic data that spans 2012 to 2016, and then continues to forecast to 2022. That makes this report so invaluable, resources, for the leaders as well as the new entrants in the Industry (EMAILWIRE.COM, June 02, 2017 ) Global Phenethyl Oleate Market report is replete with detailed analysis from a thorough research, especially on questions that border on market size, development environment, futuristic developments, operation situation, pathways and trend of Phenethyl Oleate. All these are offshoots of understanding the current situation that the industry is in, especially in 2017. The will chart the course for a more comprehensive organization and discernment of the competition situation in the Phenethyl Oleate market. As this will help manufacturers and investors alike, to have a better understanding of the direction in which the Phenethyl Oleate Market is headed. Access complete report at: https://www.themarketreports.com/report/global-phenethyl-oleate-market-research-report-2017 With this Phenethyl Oleate Market report, one is sure to keep up with information on the dogged competition for market share and control, between elite manufacturers. It also features, price, production, and revenue. It is where you will understand the politics and tussle of gaining control of a huge chunk of the market share. As long as you are in search of key Industry data and information that can readily be accessed, you can rest assured that this report got them covered. Key companies profiled in this report are Procter & Gamble, Wilmar International Ltd, Croda International Plc and others. Purchase a copy of this report at: https://www.themarketreports.com/report/buy-now/536997 When taking a good look at this report, based on the product, it is evident that the report shows the rate of production, price, revenue, and market share as well as of the growth of each product type. And emphasis is laid on the end users, as well as on the applications of the product. It is one report that hasn't shied away from taking a critical look at the current status and future outlook for the consumption/sales of these products, by the end users and applications. Not forgetting the market share control and growth rate of Phenethyl Oleate Industry, per application. All the queries about this report can be asked at: https://www.themarketreports.com/report/ask-your-query/536997 List of Chapters: 1 Phenethyl Oleate Market Overview 2 Global Phenethyl Oleate Market Competitions by Manufacturers 3 Global Phenethyl Oleate Capacity, Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2012-2017) 4 Global Phenethyl Oleate Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Region (2012-2017) 5 Global Phenethyl Oleate Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type 6 Global Phenethyl Oleate Market Analysis by Application 7 Global Phenethyl Oleate Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 8 Phenethyl Oleate Manufacturing Cost Analysis 9 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 10 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 11 Market Effect Factors Analysis 12 Global Phenethyl Oleate Market Forecast (2017-2022) 13 Research Findings and Conclusion 14 Appendix Contact Information: The Market Reports Shirsh Gupta Tel: 06314071315 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Razor Blade Market Global Analysis Industry & 2017-2022 Forecast Report Orbis Research has announced the addition of the Global Razor Blade Market by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis.​ Introduction A razor blade is a blade used in a razor, typically a flat piece of metal with a sharp edge or edges used in a safety razor which is used to remove unwanted hair from the face or body. Scope of the Global Razor Blade Market Report This report focuses on the Razor Blade in Global market, especially in North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa. This report categorizes the market based on manufacturers, regions, type and application. Request a Sample of this Report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/305944 . This report covers Analysis of Global Razor Blade Market Segment by Manufacturers Gillette(P&G) Edgewell Personal Care BIC Laser Razor Blades Lord DORCO Supermax Harry’s (Feintechnik) FEATHER Benxi Jincheng Kaili Razor Ningbo Jiali Liyu Razor Shanghai Cloud Yingjili Analysis of Global Razor Blade Market Segment by regions  North America (USA, Canada and Mexico) Europe (Germany, France, UK, Russia and Italy) Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India and Southeast Asia) South America (Brazil, Argentina, Columbia etc.) Middle East and Africa (Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt, Nigeria and South Africa) Global Razor Blade Market Segment by Types Double Edge Razor Blades Single Edge Razor Blades Global Razor Blade Market Segment by Applications, can be divided into  Men’s razors Women’s razor Some of the Points cover in Global Razor Blade Market Research Report is: Chapter 1: Describe Razor Blade Industry Introduction, Product Scope, Market Overview, Market Opportunities, Market Risk, Market Driving Force Chapter 2: To analyze the top manufacturers of Razor Blade Industry in 2016 and 2017 Sales Revenue and price Chapter 9 and 10: Global Razor Blade Market by type and application from 2012 to 2017 Sales Revenue and market share Growth rate Chapter 11: Razor Blade Industry Market forecast from 2017 to 2022 Regions Type and application with sales and revenue Chapter 12 and 13: Razor Blade Industry Sales channel Distributors Traders and dealers Appendix Data source Check discount of the report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/discount/305944 . CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews Tagsglobal razor blade market 2022 forecast, razor blade industry, Razor Blade Market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 2017-2022 Cricket Market Forecast Report Next PostNext United States Refined Petroleum Product Industry: Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin Analysis with Forecasts to 2022!! Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Start-ups Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading Size is not everything you need to get ahead in the wired world  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating 100 Top Tables Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby HK Sevens Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Hong Kong Sevens 2017 Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Tech›Start-ups Management Management Size is not everything you need to get ahead in the wired world Why car-hailing firm Grab is taking on global behemoth Uber and prospering throughout Southeast Asia PUBLISHED : Friday, 02 June, 2017, 8:02am UPDATED : Friday, 02 June, 2017, 8:48pm Comments:   Howard Yu Share PrintEmail Related topics Management Future tech Startups Internet Motoring Autos Uber Alibaba Related Articles Companies Successful digitalisation critical for future of Hong Kong 2 Jun 2017 Companies Women steadily moving up hospitality, tourism career ladder 29 May 2017 Companies Companies need to embrace this one important skill in an era of instant answers 27 May 2017 Last week, when I was travelling through Singapore and Malaysia, I was using Uber everywhere. My local friends were using something else; they were all on Grab. Outside Southeast Asia, very few might have heard of Grab. But a lot of ink has been spilled in the region about the fight between the two car-hailing companies and how they have been able to prosper simultaneously. The world’s most valuable start-up and valued at US$68 billion, Uber has a war chest dwarfing that of Singapore-based Grab, which only amounts to US$4 billion. With Uber selling off its China operation to Didi Chuxing in August last year, Southeast Asia has become the next must-win battle. Curiously enough, Grab has claimed more than 95 per cent of the market share in places including Malaysia, Singapore, Thailand, Vietnam, Indonesia and the Philippines. This is strange. In our increasingly connected economy, scale matters. Big companies often enjoy vast profits. McKinsey, a global consultancy, estimates that 10 per cent of the world’s public companies generate 80 per cent of all profits. So how do we explain that the tiny Grab has managed to ward off Uber for so long, with no sign of being upstaged any time soon? Among business school academics, the so-called network effect is a common explanation for the rise of Uber, Airbnb and Alibaba Group Holding. In each of these cases, the company took on the role of a two-sided marketplace, facilitating sellers on the supply side and buyers on the demand side to exchange goods or services. The value of such a platform depends in large part on the number of users on either side of the exchange. The deeper the market, that is, the more people use something, the more inherently attractive the platform becomes, leading even more people to use it. Consider for a moment any dating website from OkCupid to Tinder to Match.com. Men are drawn towards them because there is a huge supply of women, with a good match more likely to result, and vice versa. Because of this network effect, users are willing to pay more for access to a bigger network and so a company’s profits improve when its user base grows. Scale begets scale. With little to differentiate products fundamentally – think Uber against Lyft or iMessage against WhatsApp – competition is often reduced to a game of “grow fast or die”. That is why Facebook is obsessed with growth. That is also why when SnapChat went public in March this year, the number of daily active users became the single most important metric for potential investors. The more people hang out on Facebook or SnapChat reading news and playing games, the more willing big brands like Coca-Cola or Procter & Gamble are to buy ads there. Once a platform reaches a certain size, its dominance was thought to be hard to unseat. But it turns out size is more of a consequence than the direct source of greatness. To be truly successful, any platform must achieve what is known in Silicon Valley as the product/market fit. And what fits well in one country can fare badly in another. Twelve years ago, eBay, with global revenues of more than US$2 billion, entered China. In a defensive move, Chinese e-commerce company Alibaba swiftly set up Taobao. Taobao prevailed. “When we were fighting with eBay, we listed 10 things that eBay was doing in China and that we did 100 per cent differently,” David Wei, former group executive vice-president for Alibaba’s e-commerce business, explained in an interview with CNN on how his company forced eBay to back out of China. “For example, they charge a listing fee, we don’t. The ranking orders of eBay are based on the auction base, which means the products that have been on there for the longest time will be on top. But in the retail model, you should put the freshest on top. “EBay also stops people from talking to each other because it’s an auction model, but in China we launched instant messenger encouraging people to talk to each other. The top 10 things eBay was doing, we completely changed in China. Their winning recipes in the US actually became the poison killing their business in China.” The larger story is also that eBay’s target customers, namely small-time manufacturers that wished to export their wares to America, did not yet have access to the internet. Alibaba founder Jack Ma Yun understood this all too well. He assembled a huge sales force that fanned out across the country, teaching merchants how to get wired. Alibaba owns the South China Morning Post. But this is not just about China. (Though one would be tempted to draw such a conclusion when reading the similar tale of Baidu, Huawei Technologies and Tencent Holdings’ WeChat). Grab, for one, has exploited the same dynamics to its full advantage, but only in Southeast Asia. Anthony Tan, co-founder and chief executive of GrabTaxi, saw the imperative to understand, appreciate and build regional distinctions into a product. In the Philippines, for example, eight major dialects are spoken. When someone calls Grab’s customer service, they would speak in the local dialect. “We understood the taxi driver’s need for daily income. We understood that a lot of people really use cash. We respect the hyper local culture in places we operate,” Tan said. The lack of trust and scanty safety records also plague the taxi industry in Asia. To help, riders can retrieve drivers’ police records through the app and can share routes and number plates with friends and family. In Indonesia where road congestion is endemic, GrabBike offers rides on motorcycles. Gathering GPS data as tens of thousands of motorcyclists navigate copious back roads and side streets to avoid traffic, Grab’s route-planning suggestion has surpassed even Google Maps. All of this suggests that Silicon Valley behemoths, which sail out from the West Coast and think like an imperial armada to establish beachheads on every other continent, have been dangerously misled. Yes, the world may have made flat by the internet, but a start-up like Grab can still thrive. Howard Yu is professor of strategy and innovation at IMD Business School with campuses in Switzerland and Singapore Tech Wrap Get updates direct to your inbox E-mail * By registering you agree to our T&Cs & Privacy Policy Thank youYou are on the list. This article appeared in the South China Morning Post print edition as: David versus Goliath battle heating up   Most Popular Viewed 1 How the QR code has forever changed China’s social habits 2 Data spat between home delivery majors causes huge confusion 3 The Hong Kong team behind breakthrough mobile game Deadheads 4 Airbnb picks China head, but is it too late? 5 Bicycles are eating the lunch of China’s No. 1 car-sharing app Shared 1 How the QR code has forever changed China’s social habits 2 Bicycles are eating the lunch of China’s No. 1 car-sharing app 3 Data spat between home delivery majors causes huge confusion 4 Microsoft in big AI push to make smarter business, consumer apps 5 The Hong Kong team behind breakthrough mobile game Deadheads Commented 1 Home prices surge 20 per cent in a year ... but how high can they go? 2 Cheung Kong raises prices by 10pc in a week, reflecting bullishness 3 Hong Kong’s homebuyers shrug aside rising mortgage rates 4 Generous mortgage plans boost sales of Cheung Kong flats 5 Chinese Estates unit pockets HK$26m profit in Evergrande punt Promotions Get your FREE LuxeHomes Property Outlook 2017 now! Order your FREE copy of the MICE BIZ 2017       You may also like Hong Kong Meet ‘Bull’ Tsang Kin-shing, the creator of protest props in Hong Kong Jun 2nd 2017, 3:33pm Festivals reveal Macau’s Chinese heritage In partnership with Macao Government Tourism Office Hong Kong What does paddling a dragon boat during a furious race look like? May 30th 2017, 6:27pm Walking the walk: Telstra commits to gender equality Brought to you by: Telstra Hong Kong How a store that still sells kerosene stoves became a treasure trove of the community May 27th 2017, 11:18am 3 Property Hong Kong’s banks raise mortgage rates after HKMA rules 27 May 2017 - 5:53pm Hong Kong Passengers left stranded after Cathay flight hits brake problem 25 May 2017 - 12:23am 53 World Outgoing WHO chief Margaret Chan defends her legacy May 24th 2017, 11:59am 5 Hong Kong Filipino woman falls to death in suspected window-cleaning accident 18 May 2017 - 5:45pm 35 Hong Kong Hong Kong HIV cases hit record high, with more younger men infected 20 May 2017 - 11:50pm 17 Opinion The US will regret snubbing China’s belt and road 19 May 2017 - 10:48pm 27 Post Magazine The Holga: how a Hong Kong-made camera became a cult classic 24 May 2017 - 12:37pm 2 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Laxatives Market Research Report: Technological breakthroughs, Value chain and stakeholder analysis by 2024 Laxatives Market Laxatives are supplements used to loosen the stools in order to increase bowel movements. These are used in order to treat constipation. They are used to treat the passage of small amounts of hard and dry stools. Laxatives are generally taken three times a week. They are preferred as medication when remedies such as increase in fiber diet, drinking plenty of water and regular exercise have not helped to cure constipation. Occasional constipation is often treated without laxatives. Laxatives are available as OTC drugs without the need of prescriptions. Although laxatives are present in the market for a longer period of time there is insufficient evidence available about the efficacy of laxatives over each other. Adults usually don’t require prescription for consumption of laxatives as they are easily available as OTC drugs. In children laxatives are only advised to be taken through prescription. The nature of laxatives depends on whether it degenerates the nerves in the intestine or dulling the natural response that will stimulate the peristalsis movement. The laxative market can be segmented according to the route of administration, types of laxatives, by type of product, distribution channel and geography. According to route of administration the market is segmented is into oral and rectal. According to the types of laxatives the market is segmented into bulk forming laxatives, osmotic laxatives, stimulant laxatives and stool softener laxatives. Bulk forming laxatives show their effect after 12-24 hours of administration, osmotic laxatives such as lactulose show their effect after 2-3 days of administration, stimulant laxatives usually work within 6-12 hours of administration and stool softener laxatives work within 12 to 72 hours of administration. According to type of product the laxatives are segmented according to dosage form such as tablets, capsules, powder, suppositories, liquids and gels According to distribution channel the market is segmented into retail pharmacies, hospital pharmacies, drug store and online pharmacies. Geographically, the laxatives market can be segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America and Middle East and Africa. Constipation has become one of the major problems amongst the majority population due to sedentary life style. Sedentary life style includes unhealthy eating habits, less hours of sleep, irregular meal timings and lack of exercise which causes gastric imbalance which can further lead to constipation. This is the major driving factor for the growth of laxative market in the forecast period. Obesity is also a major factor responsible for constipation, hence rising obese cases are one the major reason for the growth of laxative market. Few of the restraints in the laxative market can be due to the side effects of laxatives which are bloating, flatulence, abdominal cramps, feeling sick and dehydration. The side effects caused are generally not taken into more consideration as the constipation itself is a troublesome condition. Use of laxatives as in treatment of obesity has also been one of the restraining factor for the laxative market. View Report- www.transparencymarketresearch.com/laxatives-market.html Geographically the laxative market is segmented into North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific and Middle East and Africa. U.S. and Canada been the largest market for laxatives due to more sedentary life style in these area. Countries such as India, Australia and New Zealand are the largest market for laxatives as the lifestyle disorders are very common in these areas due to high dependence of unhealthy diet, lack of exercise and sedentary life. Europe and Latin America are also are also promising markets in the coming forecast period due to lifestyle changes in these areas and rising gastrointestinal problems. Middle East and Africa are the emerging markets for laxatives as the rising lifestyle changes can increase the usage of laxatives in the forecast period. The leading players in the laxative market are Bayer AG, Boehringer Ingelheim Pharmaceuticals Inc., GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare, Procter & Gamble Company, Purdue Pharma, Sucampo Pharmaceuticals Inc. The report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions. By doing so, the research report serves as a repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market, including but not limited to: Regional markets, technology, types, and applications. The study is a source of reliable data on: Market segments and sub-segments Market trends and dynamics Supply and demand Market size Current trends/opportunities/challenges Competitive landscape Technological breakthroughs Value chain and stakeholder analysis The regional analysis covers: North America (U.S. and Canada) Latin America (Mexico, Brazil, Peru, Chile, and others) Western Europe (Germany, U.K., France, Spain, Italy, Nordic countries, Belgium, Netherlands, and Luxembourg) Eastern Europe (Poland and Russia) Asia Pacific (China, India, Japan, ASEAN, Australia, and New Zealand) Middle East and Africa (GCC, Southern Africa, and North Africa) Request a brochure of this report to know what opportunities will emerge in the rapidly evolving Laxatives Market during 2016- 2024 www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR syndicated research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, TMR’s syndicated reports strive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement. US Office Contact 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Hybrid Operating Room Market by Installation Types, by End user, by Region – Forecast 2016-2027 Next PostNext International Angiography Devices Market 2017-2021: Report Concentrate on (Top Manufacturers, Drivers, Trends, Challenges, Types, Forecast) Search Recent Posts Press Releases | Avnet Newsroom Southwest Airlines Begins Service at Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport Extraits du discours de la HR/VP Federica Mogherini au Sommet de How did dinosaurs ‘proto fly’? Possibly like this How did dinosaurs ‘proto fly’? Possibly like this Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Mascara Sales And Consumption 2017 Market Research Report Mascara -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 PUNE , MAHARASHTRA, INDIA, June 1, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Mascara Industry Description Wiseguyreports.Com Adds “Mascara -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022” To Its Research Database This report studies Mascara in Global market, especially in North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan and India, with production, revenue, consumption, import and export in these regions, from 2012 to 2016, and forecast to 2022. This report focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering L’Oreal Estee Lauder Procter & Gamble LVMH Coty Avon Amore Pacific Missha Chanel Alticor PIAS Natura Revlon Oriflame Groupe Rocher Kose Corp Beiersdorf DHC Gurwitch Pola Orbis Marie Dalgar Carslan Flamingo Guerlain Christian Dior Givenchy CLARINS KENZO Request for Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1331220-global-mascara-market-professional-survey-report-2017 By types, the market can be split into Waterproof Water Resistant By Application, the market can be split into Age 12-17 Age 18-24 Age 25-44 Age 45-64 By Regions, this report covers (we can add the regions/countries as you want) North America China Europe Southeast Asia Japan India If you have any special requirements, please let us know and we will offer you the report as you want. Leave a Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1331220-global-mascara-market-professional-survey-report-2017 Table of Contents Global Mascara Market Professional Survey Report 2017 1 Industry Overview of Mascara 1.1 Definition and Specifications of Mascara 1.1.1 Definition of Mascara 1.1.2 Specifications of Mascara 1.2 Classification of Mascara 1.2.1 Waterproof 1.2.2 Water Resistant 1.3 Applications of Mascara 1.3.1 Age 12-17 1.3.2 Age 18-24 1.3.3 Age 25-44 1.3.4 Age 45-64 1.4 Market Segment by Regions 1.4.1 North America 1.4.2 China 1.4.3 Europe 1.4.4 Southeast Asia 1.4.5 Japan 1.4.6 India … 8 Major Manufacturers Analysis of Mascara 8.1 L’Oreal 8.1.1 Company Profile 8.1.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.1.2.1 Product A 8.1.2.2 Product B 8.1.3 L’Oreal 2016 Mascara Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.1.4 L’Oreal 2016 Mascara Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.2 Estee Lauder 8.2.1 Company Profile 8.2.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.2.2.1 Product A 8.2.2.2 Product B 8.2.3 Estee Lauder 2016 Mascara Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.2.4 Estee Lauder 2016 Mascara Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.3 Procter & Gamble 8.3.1 Company Profile 8.3.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.3.2.1 Product A 8.3.2.2 Product B 8.3.3 Procter & Gamble 2016 Mascara Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.3.4 Procter & Gamble 2016 Mascara Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.4 LVMH 8.4.1 Company Profile 8.4.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.4.2.1 Product A 8.4.2.2 Product B 8.4.3 LVMH 2016 Mascara Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.4.4 LVMH 2016 Mascara Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.5 Coty 8.5.1 Company Profile 8.5.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.5.2.1 Product A 8.5.2.2 Product B 8.5.3 Coty 2016 Mascara Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.5.4 Coty 2016 Mascara Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.6 Avon 8.6.1 Company Profile 8.6.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.6.2.1 Product A 8.6.2.2 Product B 8.6.3 Avon 2016 Mascara Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.6.4 Avon 2016 Mascara Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.7 Amore Pacific 8.7.1 Company Profile 8.7.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.7.2.1 Product A 8.7.2.2 Product B 8.7.3 Amore Pacific 2016 Mascara Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.7.4 Amore Pacific 2016 Mascara Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.8 Missha 8.8.1 Company Profile 8.8.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.8.2.1 Product A 8.8.2.2 Product B 8.8.3 Missha 2016 Mascara Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.8.4 Missha 2016 Mascara Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.9 Chanel 8.9.1 Company Profile 8.9.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.9.2.1 Product A 8.9.2.2 Product B 8.9.3 Chanel 2016 Mascara Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.9.4 Chanel 2016 Mascara Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.10 Alticor 8.10.1 Company Profile 8.10.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.10.2.1 Product A 8.10.2.2 Product B 8.10.3 Alticor 2016 Mascara Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.10.4 Alticor 2016 Mascara Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.11 PIAS 8.12 Natura 8.13 Revlon 8.14 Oriflame 8.15 Groupe Rocher 8.16 Kose Corp 8.17 Beiersdorf 8.18 DHC 8.19 Gurwitch 8.20 Pola Orbis 8.21 Marie Dalgar 8.22 Carslan 8.23 Flamingo 8.24 Guerlain 8.25 Christian Dior 8.26 Givenchy 8.27 CLARINS 8.28 KENZO Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1331220 Continued…                                                                                             Contact Us: Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (Us)  Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (Uk) Norah Trent Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)/+91 841 198 5042 (IND) email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 20170601 PR Statement on President Trump’s Decision to Withdraw the U.S. from Paris Accord Next PostNext Connect with Your Neighbors – Participate in National Night Out Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 27° | Max. 35° Air Quality: PSI 33-53 We set you thinking Monday 5 June 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Learning Minds Special Health & Wellness Special newstream World India's Petronet: no impact on Qatar LNG as Saudi, others cut ties 1496637146 World Saudi Arabia, Egypt, UAE sever ties to Qatar over 'terrorism' 1496637815 Business Oil jumps on Mideast tensions, London attacks hurt sterling; stocks subdued 1496636920 World India shows off space prowess with launch of mega rocket 1496636526 World China says 31 nationals detained in Zambia for illegal mining 1496635174 Business Herbalife raises profit forecast, tops key FTC threshold 1496635263 Business Foxconn says Apple, Amazon to join its bid for Toshiba chip business: Nikkei 1496634464 World Mexico ruling party seen scraping to victory in key state vote 1496634440 Singapore Netizen who drew flak for Traffic Police FB post charged with shoplifting 1496633280 Singapore Public sector to cut water and electricity usage by 2020 1496632860 World China hits back at Taiwan leader's offer of help on democracy 1496633021 World Russia's Putin denies having compromising information on Trump 1496627501 World Saudi Arabia cuts ties to Qatar, cites 'terrorism' 1496632191 World Egypt cuts ties with Qatar, cites support for 'terrorist' groups 1496632235 World London cops adjust to new terror reality with guns, helicopters 1496632627 Voices S’pore football should not rely on Foreign Talent Scheme 1496632620 World Bahrain cuts ties with Qatar for meddling in internal affairs 1496632263 World Mattis fails to ease Asia’s concerns about Trump 1496630820 Business Airlines' standoff in Venezuela getting worse as crisis deepens - IATA 1496630308 Business Fresh safety concerns hang over global airlines conference 1496630308 World "Enough is enough" PM May says after London attackers kill seven 1496606663 World Islamic State jihadists claim London stabbing rampage 1496629800 World In shadow of deadly attacks, British election campaign resumes 1496629165 World On social media, Cambodia’s Buddhist monks double as election correspondents 1496629323 World Trump criticized for tweet on London mayor after bridge attacks 1496628054 World Trump’s off-the-cuff tweets strain foreign ties 1496627520 Business IMF warns U.S. fiscal uncertainty, China's credit growth risk to Asia 1496626507 World China upset at Mattis' 'irresponsible remarks' on South China Sea 1496622240 World Blast hits petrochemical plant in China, damage unknown: Xinhua 1496623993 Singapore Thomas Chua, netizen criticised for FB post on Traffic Police officer, arrested for shoplifting 1496589300 World Hiring quotas seen as one option to bolster womenomics in Japan 1496623625 Business Finnair says its A350 deliveries getting back on track 1496622851 World Music stars unite in Manchester as fans face down fears 1496622727 Voices Food security: Vertical farming may be the answer 1496606520 Business Silk Road hub or tax haven? China's new border trade zone may be less than it seems 1496618716 World British police will name London Bridge attackers when "operationally possible" 1496617874 Singapore TODAY's morning brief for Monday, June 5 1496615400 China&India Singapore ‘very happy’ with China’s contributions to Shangri-La Dialogue 1496606520 Singapore Singapore must play its part in the war against terror: Ng Eng Hen 1496587440 Singapore State intervention ‘keeps extremism at bay, fosters integration’: Shanmugam 1496606520 Singapore Loved ones of those radicalised have a duty to report them: Shanmugam 1496590140 World Islamic State claims responsibility for London attack 1496614149 World 'Oi, cowards!': Londoners fought back as killers rampaged 1496612112 World UAE warns citizens against traveling to UK after London attacks 1496603857 World Some Palestinian ex-prisoners in Gaza say their salaries withheld 1496607491 World Venezuela eyes assembly vote in July; man set ablaze dies 1496605897 Business Coke, Cargill enter fray as sugar dispute threatens Mexico trade 1496608549 Business Saudi Aramco warned by lawyers on New York IPO litigation risks: FT 1496607390 Business Malaysia Airlines close to deal for more widebody Airbus planes 1496604783 Business 'Wonder Woman' could lift Time Warner shares 20 percent - Barron's 1496603225 Singapore Minds’ new CEO eyes expansion of services to help more people Minds CEO Tony Tan See-Boon. Photo: Wee Teck Hian mail print View all comments Tweet By Siau Ming En - siaumingen@mediacorp.com.sg - Published: 4:00 AM, June 2, 2017 Updated: 6:26 AM, June 2, 2017 SINGAPORE — Services to persons with intellectual disabilities can often be provided in fragments, but things may change now that Mr Tony Tan See-Boon, former chief of social enterprise NTUC Link, is heading the Movement for the Intellectually Disabled of Singapore (Minds). He also intends to build on the voluntary welfare organisation’s services and expand them, including hiring more staff members, in order to reach out to more persons with intellectual disabilities. Mr Tan, 53, officially joined Minds on May 22 as its chief executive officer (CEO), taking over from Mr Keh Eng Song, 62, who retired after a 10-year stint there. RelatedNews Singapore A ‘worthwhile endeavour’, thanks to input from wife June 2 Speaking to TODAY, Mr Tan noted that while the current services provided to persons with intellectual disabilities might be necessary for those who have different needs at various points in their lives, others need a more “whole-person” approach to help them transit into different stages of their lives. “Everything that we do — our assessments, our intervention, our educational and training programme — must, in a way, be mutually reinforcing and also build on each other, almost like building a scaffolding,” he explained. While it seems “conceptually obvious” to provide continuous help to its clients — and there are already services in place — Minds can provide more vocational training in its schools to help its clients ease into the workforce upon graduation. “Schools are very important, but there is no point going through school to get some qualification,” he said. “What we need to do is to build in a lot of the vocational aspects, so that in the early times in school, we already have the good assessment tools to see (the person’s potential and) work towards that.” While Minds already serves a broad swathe of its target community, Mr Tan also hopes to expand the organisation’s capabilities and services to help more children who are diagnosed with autism spectrum disorders, for instance. The father of two sons aged 23 and 21 took a pay cut in accepting his new role, but he said the new position felt like a “natural progression” from his previous job. “NTUC Enterprises was a very good transition into that space, and I feel like in my next career phase, a social service organisation like Minds would be so much more purposeful and meaningful,” he added. Mr Tan spent seven-and-a-half years at NTUC Link, helping to build its Plus! customer rewards programme, which serves about 90 per cent of the households here. Before that, he was with multinational corporation Procter & Gamble and American healthcare company Bausch & Lomb Corp. Given that Minds is a large organisation offering a wide range of services, he hopes that his leadership experience in complex organisations, as well as his management skills in working with stakeholders such as government agencies and corporations, will come in useful. Minds employs about 700 people and serves some 2,400 clients aged seven to 70 years old. Under its umbrella are special education schools, employment development centres, training and development centres, and a caregivers support centre, among others. During Mr Keh’s time, Minds set up more day-activity centres and a community group home in Bukit Merah, where some of its more independent clients are able to live in public housing flats. mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Singapore READ COMMENTED “Good progress” made in containing oil spillage after recent collisions “Bedding-in” period of several months to be expected for DTL2: Khaw ‘Zero tolerance’ for religious preaching that fans violence: Shanmugam ‘You have made Singapore very proud today’: PM Lee to Yip Pin Xiu ‘Wrecked dorm’ videos an isolated incident: SCDF ‘Singaporeans owe a profound debt of gratitude to E W Barker’ ‘Guardian angels’ watch over autistic teen in public Yaacob rules himself out of Presidential Election Woman who used Lee Kuan Yew’s name to cheat others charged Warmer days in June as Singapore enters Southwest Monsoon season Wake up to a better you URA releases three sites that can yield 1,955 homes United Airlines announces direct flights between Singapore and Los Angeles Two charged with wrecking Upper Serangoon porridge eatery Traffic Police officer dies in Serangoon Road accident Inside Today World India shows off space prowess with launch of mega rocket Saudi Arabia, Egypt, UAE sever ties to Qatar over 'terrorism' China says 31 nationals detained in Zambia for illegal mining Mexico ruling party seen scraping to victory in key state vote China hits back at Taiwan leader's offer of help on democracy Business Oil jumps on Mideast tensions, London attacks hurt sterling; stocks subdued Herbalife raises profit forecast, tops key FTC threshold Foxconn says Apple, Amazon to join its bid for Toshiba chip business: Nikkei Fresh safety concerns hang over global airlines conference Airlines' standoff in Venezuela getting worse as crisis deepens - IATA Sports S’pore football should not rely on Foreign Talent Scheme Busy Mok on track for KL SEA Games Horse-racing: Quechua wins QEII Cup on third attempt Singapore’s giant-killing run in Darts World Cup ends with narrow q-final loss New ActiveSG club launched for ultimate frisbee Entertainment Once-censored, Cubans now rock to the Beatles at Havana tribute concert Al Gore’s Inconvenient Truth sequel to include Trump’s exit from Paris Accord Actor who posted about Ah Boys to Men 4 audition questioned by cops Wonder Woman sets out on her quest to transform Hollywood Ariana Grande to return to Manchester for star-studded benefit gig About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us: SUBSCRIBE NOW My Profile Log out LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age MenuClose Advertising Age Search Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Video Making Sense of the Connected Life Connected devices from Amazon Echo to smart toothbrushes are taking over, but few of us recognize their real power and potential. Featured Super Bowl Ad Archive Best Places to Work Women to Watch 40 Under 40 Agency Report Leading National Advertisers Tagline Podcast Required Reading The 2017 Marketing Fact Pack Opinion See All DigitalNext The Media Guy Agency Viewpoint Rance Crain Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Log Out Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Now Log Out Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Google Chrome Will Automatically Block Annoying Ads By George Slefo - 12 minutes ago Array 0 Watch the Newest Ads on TV From Sears Craftsman, Experian, JC Penney and More 1 hour ago Array 0 Can You Drop This Off on Your Way Home? Walmart Tests Delivery by Store Employees By Jack Neff - 3 hours ago Array 0 Google's New London HQ to Have a Basketball Court and Roof Trail 3 hours ago Array 0 `Wonder Woman' Sets Out to Transform Hollywood 4 hours ago Array 0 Google Chrome Will Automatically Block Annoying Ads By George Slefo - 12 minutes ago 0 `Wonder Woman' Sets Out to Transform Hollywood 4 hours ago 0 Burger King Gives Up the 'King' in Its Name Following Belgian Royal Family Shenanigans By Ann-Christine Diaz - 5 hours ago 0 Microsoft Overhauls Skype for the Age of Snapchat 5 hours ago 0 Tiny Toast is Toast: General Mills Benches Brand Name By Jessica Wohl - 16 hours ago 0 Ad Age's Women to Watch 2017 - 11 hours ago 0 Marketers Struggle With Viewability IRL, Too By Jack Neff - 18 hours ago 0 Ballad of the Sad White Alpha Men By Simon Dumenco - 18 hours ago 0 NBC Wins Broadcast TV's Annual War of Attrition By Anthony Crupi - Yesterday 0 Strahan Reveals Locker Room Secrets (And What He Thinks of Ryan Seacrest) By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 11 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US × Sign In Register Sign In Forgot Password? Once registered, you can: - Read additional free articles each month - Comment on articles and featured creative work - Get our curated newsletters delivered to your inbox Register Now By registering you agree to our privacy policy, terms & conditions and to receive occasional emails from Ad Age. You may unsubscribe at any time. Are you a print subscriber? Activate your account. Google Chrome Will Automatically Block Annoying Ads By George Slefo. Published on June 01, 2017. Google CEO Sundar Pichai speaks during a Google product launch event in San Francisco last fall. Credit: Michael Short/Bloomberg Google's Chrome browser will soon come with preinstalled technology that will block the most annoying ads currently marring the web experience, the company confirmed on Thursday. Publishers will be able to understand how they will be affected through a tool Google is dubbing "The Ad Experience Report." It will basically score a publisher's site and inform them which of their ads are "annoying experiences." At the same time, Chrome will give publishers the option to force a choice on people running their own ad blocking software: whitelist the site so its non-annoying ads can display or pay a small fee to access the content ad-free. The moves, which had been anticipated since word got out in April but hadn't been previously confirmed by Google, will impact the entire advertising ecosystem because Chrome is the most popular web browser for both desktop and mobile. "We've all known for a while that the ad experience is a real problem, and that it's confused and angered users," Sridhar Ramaswamy, senior VP of ads and commerce at Google, told Ad Age. "We realized solutions like ad blockers punish everybody, including publishers who develop great content and are thoughtful about the ad experience they put on their site." Google isn't calling its technology an ad blocker, instead classifying it as a "filter" that removes the ads that consumers hate most. These include popups, ads that flash quickly, change colors or force people to wait 10 seconds before accessing content on a publisher's page. The effort to install such software on Chrome is a result of work by the Coalition for Better Ads, whose members include Google, Procter & Gamble, Unilever, WPP's GroupM, Facebook, Thomson Reuters, The Washington Post as well as the Interactive Advertising Bureau and the Association of National Advertisers. In an effort to develop a Better Ads Standard and slow the spread of ad-blocking software, the Coalition set out to determine which ad formats were most at fault. It paid some 25,000 study participants in the U.S. and Europe to rate 104 different ad experiences on desktop and mobile. Chrome's "filter" is informed partly by the results. The industry is particularly eager to keep ad blocking from taking off on mobile devices, where it has a 1% adoption rate, the way it already has on desktop computers, where the figure is 18%, according to Mary Meeker's 2017 Internet Trends report. "We think getting ads right is really, really important to the future for the internet. We love the sources of information that makes the internet great," Ramaswamy said. "What's scary is ad blocking has been a big problem on desktop and has been a big problem for the last few years." "Hopefully leading to a much better, much stable ecosystem for everybody," he added. "We are very excited about what we're announcing and doing here." The option for publishers to charge for ad-free access is called Funding Choices. "We want to provide consumers with choice," Scott Spencer, director of product management at Google, told Ad Age. "The publisher will get compensated either way and it will help explain to the consumer the value of advertising." Users who opt to shell out to avoid ads will pay with their Google Play account, Spencer said. Google said it expects to roll out the features in early 2018. In this article: Ad Blocking Digital Mobile Search Technology Most Popular Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Site by AREA 17
Follow @triplepundit 48.5k Triple Pundit: People, Planet, Profit Menu Special Series Building Healthier Communities In this four-part mini-series, we’ll unpack how large firms can get down to the grassroots level when it comes to engaging communities around health and wellness. Sponsored by Aetna Foundation Your Corporate Guide to Responsible Waste Management In this editorial series in partnership with Covanta Environmental Solutions, we’ll explore steps your company can take to edge closer to zero waste targets. Sponsored by Covanta Responsible Forestry In this series sponsored by Procter and Gamble, we’ll explore what it means to practice “responsible forestry” and how trailblazing companies can lead the way. Sponsored by Procter & Gamble Close Events Good Capital Project (3p discount code “GC_TriplePundit “) The Good Capital Project, through a new design thinking process, will convene all constituents to drive greater collaboration and accelerate capital flows into purpose driven investments. [REGISTER HERE] Use code GC_TriplePundit for 15% off June 19: New York Green Sports Alliance Summit 2017 "PLAY GREENER: Engaging Fans, Athletes & Communities", focused on mobilizing members and partners to bring about positive environmental and social impact across their fan-base and surrounding communities. [REGISTER HERE] June 27-29: Sacramento Companies vs Climate Change: Europe and USA Events. An event series whose mission it is to bring together companies from around the world to discuss climate change and how they can work together to address it most impactfully. Now building sponsorship and registration. [INFO HERE] Oct & Dec: Brussels & Miami Close 3p Podium Media Kit Pulling Out of Paris a Blow to American Business, Innovation, Jobs by 3p Contributor on Thursday, Jun 1st, 2017 Share Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) By Mindy Lubber and Bob Keefe On the campaign trail, Donald Trump promised to be “the greatest jobs president that God ever created.” But our would-be jobs president is risking millions of jobs and U.S. economic competitiveness with his short-sighted decision to pull the United States out of the Paris Climate Agreement. More than three million American workers and counting now earn a living in the clean energy sector. The international clean energy market is worth an astounding $1.4 trillion a year. Delivering on the promise of the Paris climate agreement would unlock an estimated $19 trillion in economic growth globally. By pulling out of the Paris Agreement, President Trump just told those three million American workers he doesn’t care about their jobs. He’s invited signatories to levy carbon tariffs on U.S. goods shipped overseas – a step the European Union and other countries are now considering. And he has signaled he’s willing leave America on sidelines (alongside Syria and Nicaragua, the only other countries not part of the Paris Agreement) while other countries take leadership on climate and clean energy – and reap the economic rewards that come with it. China, for instance, is investing at least $360 billion on renewable energy in the next three years. Already the world’s biggest producer of solar energy, China is now home to five of the six largest solar panel manufacturing firms. Two years ago, it overtook the United States as the largest market for electric vehicles.  In turn, China has created millions of clean energy jobs, helping lead to an annual economic growth rate of nearly seven percent. American businesses don’t want to play second fiddle to China or any other country. That’s why more than 1,100 companies signed a statement backing the Paris Agreement and low-carbon policies. It’s why more than 30 CEOs from Goldman Sachs to Dow Chemical Company to Procter & Gamble took out a full-page ad calling for continued U.S. participation in the Paris Agreement. And it’s why, while President Trump was at the G-7 meetings in Italy last week, more than 365 business leaders and investors from large, medium and small businesses signed yet another letter imploring President Trump not to take away business opportunities by pulling our country out of the Paris Agreement. Plain and simple, American companies know the Paris climate agreement is good for business. It’s a chance to ensure America leads in a thriving new energy sector, instead of falling behind competitors. Unfortunately, President Trump didn’t listen to business leaders, his Secretary of State, or other clear voices of reason who advised him that pulling out of Paris will hurt our international relations, our economy and our environment. Now it’s up to others to fill the void he’s left. Congress can start by not agreeing to the drastic and draconian cuts President Trump has proposed for the Department of Energy (DOE) and the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) – cuts that would eliminate the highly successful Energy Star efficiency program, DOE’s energy R&D programs, and slash funding for renewable energy and energy efficiency projects across America. States must continue to find ways to lead where Washington is failing us. While President Trump was pulling out of Paris, the California legislature pushed forward plans to get 100 percent of the state’s power from renewables. Other states are making similar moves because they know jobs, investments and a cleaner air and water come with it. And business leaders must continue to lead by example by expanding their own sustainability efforts, demanding more clean energy for their factories and offices and making it known in Congress, in the states and on the international stage, that they support action on climate and clean energy. Even if our president continues to ignore them. Mindy Lubber is CEO and president of Ceres, a nonprofit sustainability advocacy organization working with the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Bob Keefe is executive director of E2, a national nonpartisan group of business owners, investors and others who advocate for policies that are good for the economy and good for the environment. Image credit: Zach Dischner, Flickr TriplePundit has published articles from over 1000 contributors. If you'd like to be a guest author, please get in touch! Follow 3p Contributor @triplepundit Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Register here if you need an account. Our sponsors Media Kit Access Would your company like to join our conversation? We offer branded content, twitter chats, event promotion, custom content channels and more. Learn more. Check out our newsletters More than 30,000 subscribers get our daily and weekly updates. Join them now. Email address Weekly Mailing List Daily Mailing List Submit Ready to comment? Register for an account below Name* First Last Email* Enter Email Confirm Email Create your username* Captcha After submitting this form, you must check your email for your password before logging in. Follow Triple Pundit Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Search terms Search WORK WITH US About 3p Advertise with us Contact us Newsletter Sponsored content policy Write for us Privacy policy Legal Sitemap MEET OUR TEAM Founder: Nick Aster Ed in Chief: Jen Boynton Editor: Mary Mazzoni Social Media: Marissa Rosen Partnerships: Travis Noland TriplePundit is a Certified B Corp. Offsets Provided by ClimateCare. Use our carbon calculator here. TriplePundit's office is at Impact HUB San Francisco. All content © 2009-2017 Triple Pundit Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > Market Data Forecast Tweet   North America Pregnancy Testing market has increased by USD 104.1 million from 2016 to 2021 North America Pregnancy Testing Market by Product Type (Pregnancy Test Kits, Ovulation/Fertility Test Kits) by Test Type and by Region, Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecasts (20162021)   (EMAILWIRE.COM, June 01, 2017 ) Market Data Forecast recently published a report on the North America Pregnancy Testing Market which estimates the market to grow from USD 444.30 million from 2016 to USD 548.4 million with a high CAGR of 4.3%. For full report refer to: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-pregnancy-testing-market-202/ Pregnancy tests are tests used to detect the presence of reproductive hormones such as Follicle Stimulating Hormone or Luteinising Hormone. Fertility rapid test kits help in finding the exact day of ovulation or confirm the presence of menopause in women where as they are used to detect the sperm count in men. Free Sample for the report is available at: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-pregnancy-testing-market-202/request-sample The DROC Analysis contains some of the factors that have major effects on the market dynamics be it positive or negative. Pregnancy testing market is mainly driven by factors such as growing prevalence of infertility and gynaecological disorders, rising demand for fast and independent tests and availability of decentralized diagnostic tests over time consuming laboratory tests. Technology advancements and rising first-time pregnancy age are some of the other factors supporting the growth of pregnancy testing market. However high prices of these products and tests and low adaptation rate are the major factors hindering the growth of the market Enquire more about the report at: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-pregnancy-testing-market-202/inquire The products are segmented based on Product type and test type and studied for a deep-level understanding of the Pregnancy Testing market. Each sub segment is accompanied with Market Size Estimations and Y-o-Y Forecasts as well. By Product Type  Pregnancy Test Kits  Ovulation/Fertility Test Kits By Test Type  FSH Urine Test  Luteinizing Hormone (LH) Urine Test  Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG)  Hormone Blood Test  Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG)  Hormone Urine Test To Customize please visit: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-pregnancy-testing-market-202/customize-report North American Market is studied in geographic perspective by segregating the market shares between USA and Canada. The study identifies USA as the predominant market in the North American region and it holds well in the Global Market too. To buy the report please go to: https://www.marketdataforecast.com/cart/buy-now/north-america-pregnancy-testing-market-202 Some of the major companies covered in the report are Alere Inc., Quidel Corporation, Prestige Brands Holdings, Church & Dwight Co., Inc., bioMérieux SA, Geratherm Medical AG, Germaine Laboratories, Abbott Laboratories, Kent Pharmaceuticals, Rite-Aid, Procter & Gamble Co., DCC Plc., and Swiss Precision Diagnostics GmbH Scope of the North America Pregnancy Testing Market:  Regional and country-level analysis that provides an innate perspective of USA and Canada Market to that of the North American region  To detect major focus areas of industrial growth Segment-level analysis on basis of product type and test type along with market size forecasts and y-o-y estimations are provided  Detailed explanation of major drivers, restraints, opportunities, and challenges (DROC) that affect the market and impact the ever-shifting market dynamics  PESTLE and Porters Five Forces Analyses that examine the macro & micro environmental factors such as political influence, technological prowess, industry rivalry to name a few.  An extensive listing of major market players along with company overview, product portfolios, key financial information (subjected to availability), SWOT analysis and analyst overview to study and sustain the market environment  mergers, acquisitions, collaborations in the field along with new product launches, comparative financial studies and recent developments in the market by the major companies all rolled out into Competitive landscape  Expertly devised Market Outlook comprising the Investment opportunities to provide both individuals and organizations a strong financial foothold in the market Checkout other related studies in the Medical Devices Segment: Gynaecological examination chairs Market: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-gynecological-examination-chairs-market-1448/ Glucose monitoring device Market: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-glucose-monitoring-device-market-620/ General surgical device Market: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-general-surgical-device-market--1441/ Foot and ankle devices Market: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-foot-and-ankle-devices-market-1638/ Enteral feeding devices Market: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-enteral-feeding-devices-market-692/ About Market Data Forecast: The publisher of this report is Market Data Forecast whose forte lies in Market research and Business Intelligence. Handling both individual and corporate clients across multiple business domains they offer syndicated/customized research to suit the clients research objective. Their research reports section offers a wide variety of market studies ranging from all-encompassing comprehensive market studies to product specific niche markets covering North America among other regions of the global market as well. For more info kindly visit, www.marketdataforecast.com Visit Market Data Forecast Blog @ http://www.marketdataforecast.com/blog/ View latest Press Releases of MDF @ http://www.marketdataforecast.com/press-releases Contact Information: Market Data Forecast Abhishek Tel: +1-888- 702-9626 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by wiseguyreports Mascara Industry Sales, Supply And Consumption 2017 Analysis And Forecasts To 2022 Mascara Industry Description Wiseguyreports.Com Adds “Mascara -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022” To Its Research Database This report studies Mascara in Global market, especially in North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan and India, with production, revenue, consumption, import and export in these regions, from 2012 to 2016, and forecast to 2022. This report focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering L’Oreal Estee Lauder Procter & Gamble LVMH Coty Avon Amore Pacific Missha Chanel Alticor PIAS Natura Revlon Oriflame Groupe Rocher Kose Corp Beiersdorf DHC Gurwitch Pola Orbis Marie Dalgar Carslan Flamingo Guerlain Christian Dior Givenchy CLARINS KENZO Request for Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1331220-global-mascara-market-professional-survey-report-2017 By types, the market can be split into Waterproof Water Resistant By Application, the market can be split into Age 12-17 Age 18-24 Age 25-44 Age 45-64 By Regions, this report covers (we can add the regions/countries as you want) North America China Europe Southeast Asia Japan India If you have any special requirements, please let us know and we will offer you the report as you want. Leave a Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1331220-global-mascara-market-professional-survey-report-2017   Table of Contents Global Mascara Market Professional Survey Report 2017 1 Industry Overview of Mascara 1.1 Definition and Specifications of Mascara 1.1.1 Definition of Mascara 1.1.2 Specifications of Mascara 1.2 Classification of Mascara 1.2.1 Waterproof 1.2.2 Water Resistant 1.3 Applications of Mascara 1.3.1 Age 12-17 1.3.2 Age 18-24 1.3.3 Age 25-44 1.3.4 Age 45-64 1.4 Market Segment by Regions 1.4.1 North America 1.4.2 China 1.4.3 Europe 1.4.4 Southeast Asia 1.4.5 Japan 1.4.6 India … 8 Major Manufacturers Analysis of Mascara 8.1 L’Oreal 8.1.1 Company Profile 8.1.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.1.2.1 Product A 8.1.2.2 Product B 8.1.3 L’Oreal 2016 Mascara Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.1.4 L’Oreal 2016 Mascara Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.2 Estee Lauder 8.2.1 Company Profile 8.2.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.2.2.1 Product A 8.2.2.2 Product B 8.2.3 Estee Lauder 2016 Mascara Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.2.4 Estee Lauder 2016 Mascara Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.3 Procter & Gamble 8.3.1 Company Profile 8.3.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.3.2.1 Product A 8.3.2.2 Product B 8.3.3 Procter & Gamble 2016 Mascara Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.3.4 Procter & Gamble 2016 Mascara Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.4 LVMH 8.4.1 Company Profile 8.4.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.4.2.1 Product A 8.4.2.2 Product B 8.4.3 LVMH 2016 Mascara Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.4.4 LVMH 2016 Mascara Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.5 Coty 8.5.1 Company Profile 8.5.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.5.2.1 Product A 8.5.2.2 Product B 8.5.3 Coty 2016 Mascara Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.5.4 Coty 2016 Mascara Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.6 Avon 8.6.1 Company Profile 8.6.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.6.2.1 Product A 8.6.2.2 Product B 8.6.3 Avon 2016 Mascara Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.6.4 Avon 2016 Mascara Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.7 Amore Pacific 8.7.1 Company Profile 8.7.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.7.2.1 Product A 8.7.2.2 Product B 8.7.3 Amore Pacific 2016 Mascara Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.7.4 Amore Pacific 2016 Mascara Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.8 Missha 8.8.1 Company Profile 8.8.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.8.2.1 Product A 8.8.2.2 Product B 8.8.3 Missha 2016 Mascara Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.8.4 Missha 2016 Mascara Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.9 Chanel 8.9.1 Company Profile 8.9.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.9.2.1 Product A 8.9.2.2 Product B 8.9.3 Chanel 2016 Mascara Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.9.4 Chanel 2016 Mascara Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.10 Alticor 8.10.1 Company Profile 8.10.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.10.2.1 Product A 8.10.2.2 Product B 8.10.3 Alticor 2016 Mascara Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.10.4 Alticor 2016 Mascara Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.11 PIAS 8.12 Natura 8.13 Revlon 8.14 Oriflame 8.15 Groupe Rocher 8.16 Kose Corp 8.17 Beiersdorf 8.18 DHC 8.19 Gurwitch 8.20 Pola Orbis 8.21 Marie Dalgar 8.22 Carslan 8.23 Flamingo 8.24 Guerlain 8.25 Christian Dior 8.26 Givenchy 8.27 CLARINS 8.28 KENZO Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1331220 Continued…                                                                                             Contact Us: Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (Us)  Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (Uk)     CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsGlobal  Mascara Market  Share, Global 1, Global Mascara Industry, Global Mascara Market  Size, Global Mascara Market  Trends, Mascara, Mascara Growth, Mascara Industry, Mascara Industry Trends, Mascara Manufacturer, Mascara Manufacturers, Mascara Market, Mascara Market Analysis, Mascara Market Growth, Mascara Market Share, Mascara market size, Mascara Market Trends, Mascara Prospectus, Mascara Segmentation, NASA, SpaceX Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Metal Replacement Market Expected to Reach $166,762 Million, Globally, by 2022 Next PostNext Carbofuran Market Overview, Industry Top Manufactures, Market Size, Industry Growth Analysis & Forecast: 2021 Search Recent Posts U.S. CONFERENCE OF MAYORS ISSUES STATEMENT ON LONDON TERROR ATTACK Block Party Celebrates Community in the Face of Indignity People Won’t Refuse to Wear Airwheel C5 Smart Bike Helmet Samsung 60th Festival of Sport Carnival cum Closing Ceremony successfully concluded Samsung 60th Festival of Sport Carnival cum Closing Ceremony successfully concluded Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures newsletters crosswords Facebook Twitter business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business more sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development home US politics world selected opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close India India's slowing growth blamed on 'big mistake' of demonetisation Prime minister Narendra Modi’s policy of stopping issue of higher value banknotes has weakened economy, say experts Slower growth means there may not be enough jobs for new entrants to the Indian labour market. Photograph: Aijaz Rahi/AP Photo India India's slowing growth blamed on 'big mistake' of demonetisation Prime minister Narendra Modi’s policy of stopping issue of higher value banknotes has weakened economy, say experts Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Michael Safi South Asia correspondent @safimichael Thursday 1 June 2017 09.31 EDT Last modified on Thursday 1 June 2017 17.00 EDT India has posted its slowest growth rate in two years, ceding its status as the world’s fastest-growing major economy to China, with economists blaming the downturn partly on last year’s shock decision to recall the country’s two highest-value bank notes. India withdraws 500 and 1,000 rupee notes in effort to fight corruption Read more Analysts said the 6.1% GDP growth figure for the January to March quarter – compared with China’s 6.9% – reflected a general economic slowdown in the south Asian giant, compounded by the shock demonetisation of 500 and 1,000 rupee banknotes, worth approximately £6 and £12. The move led to months of acute cash shortages across India that hit the country’s manufacturing and construction sectors particularly hard, the former recording slower growth than in the same period last year. The construction sector contracted by 3.7%. The cash recall was intended to hasten the country’s transition towards a formal economy and close down the booming economy of untaxed cash transactions, which aid corruption, the funding of terrorist groups and keeps counterfeit notes in circulation. It was also expected to unearth stashes of untaxed wealth in a country where just 1% pay income tax. India’s Reserve Bank is yet to say how much “black money” was deposited in banks but early indications suggest it was less than expected. India's small businesses facing 'apocalypse' amid biggest financial experiment in history Read more Gurchuran Das, an economic commentator, said the lagging growth was well below the rate India required to create enough jobs to match the number of new entrants to the workforce, estimated to be roughly 1 million people a month. “It shows that demonetisation was a big mistake,” he said. “What this has done is put us back about six months. We should have been inching towards 8% annual growth, but have ended up around 7.1%. “We’ve really got to be at 9% growth to create the jobs we need,” he said. “Already we were having problems creating those jobs, but demonetisation has exacerbated it by a couple of quarters.” He said the economy had bounced back after cash shortages eased in January and the country was likely reach 8% growth in the next three to four years, a prediction shared by the global ratings agency Moody’s. India's banknote ban: how Modi botched the policy yet kept his political capital Read more Arvind Subramanian, India’s chief economist, said the reduction in growth was “quite expected” after demonetisation, and that the replenishment of cash stocks and the monsoon period would help the economy rebound. Growth in India has been slowing since the middle of 2016, according to HSBC, but Das said the country’s economy was generally wellmanaged. “The inflation rate is the lowest it’s been in five years, the fiscal deficit has come down, and India has in fact become the largest destination for foreign investment in the world,” the former CEO of Procter & Gamble India said. He added that the key to creating high-productivity jobs in the formal sector was expanding India’s share of global exports, currently around 1.7%. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Prime Minister Narendra Modi arriving in St Petersburg on Wednesday. Photograph: Tass/Barcroft Images India is preparing to introduce a national goods and services tax in July that is expected to make the country a more attractive destination for foreign investment, cut red tape for business and increase trade between states. But Moody’s has warned the country needs to further reduce debt levels if it hopes to boost its international credit rating, currently just above junk status. Although the implementation of demonetisation was seen as botched by some, the policy is thought to have been a political coup for the Indian prime minister, Narendra Modi. In March, he decisively won an election in India’s largest state that was seen as a referendum on the scheme. Topics India Economics South and Central Asia Narendra Modi news Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world selected opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world selected UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video World › India business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business back to top become a supporter make a contribution Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Dollar General Corporation Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results Net Sales Increased 6.5%; Same-Store Sales Increased 0.7% Diluted Earnings Per Share of $1.02, Including Approximately $0.01 Charge for the Early Retirement of Long-Term Obligations $160 Million of Capital Returned to Shareholders in the Quarter Company Confirms Fiscal Year 2017 Diluted EPS Guidance; Updates Other Guidance Board of Directors Declares Second Quarter 2017 Dividend June 01, 2017 06:55 AM Eastern Daylight Time GOODLETTSVILLE, Tenn.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Dollar General Corporation (NYSE: DG) today reported financial results for its 2017 first quarter (13 weeks) ended May 5, 2017. “For the first quarter of 2017, I am pleased with our earnings results which reflect solid management of the business in a difficult retail environment as we overcame our most challenging comparisons from the prior year. Our same-store sales improved as we moved past the delay in income tax refunds and the timing shift of the later Easter holiday. We continue to execute on our focused strategy and implement our operating initiatives which we believe will improve customer traffic and transactions,” said Todd Vasos, Dollar General’s chief executive officer. First Quarter 2017 Financial Highlights Net sales increased 6.5 percent to $5.61 billion in the 2017 first quarter compared to $5.27 billion in the 2016 first quarter. Same-store sales in the 2017 first quarter increased 0.7 percent over the 2016 first quarter primarily due to an increase in average transaction amount, partially offset by a decline in traffic. Same-store sales were driven by positive results in the consumables and apparel categories, partially offset by negative results in the home and seasonal categories. The net sales increase was also positively affected by sales from new stores, partially offset by sales from closed stores. Gross profit, as a percentage of net sales, was 30.3 percent in the 2017 first quarter compared to 30.6 percent in the 2016 first quarter, a decrease of 34 basis points. The gross profit rate decrease was primarily attributable to higher markdowns, primarily for inventory clearance and promotional activities, a greater proportion of sales of consumables, which tend to have a lower gross profit rate as compared to non-consumables, and the mix within consumables. Partially offsetting these items were higher initial inventory markups. Selling, general and administrative expense (“SG&A”), as a percentage of net sales was 21.8 percent in the 2017 first quarter compared to 21.5 percent in the 2016 first quarter, an increase of 34 basis points as a percentage of net sales. The SG&A increase was primarily attributable to increased labor costs, primarily as a result of the Company’s investment in store manager compensation, and occupancy costs, which increased at a rate greater than the increase in net sales. Partially offsetting these costs were a reduction in advertising costs and lower waste management costs resulting from the Company’s recycling efforts. The Company’s net income and diluted earnings per share (“EPS”) for the 2017 first quarter were $279 million and $1.02, respectively, compared to net income and diluted EPS of $295 million and $1.03, respectively, in the 2016 first quarter. Diluted EPS for the 2017 first quarter includes a charge of approximately $0.01 related to the early retirement of long-term obligations. The effective income tax rate in the 2017 first quarter was 37.2 percent compared to 35.4 percent in the 2016 first quarter. The effective income tax rate was higher in the 2017 first quarter due primarily to the recognition of a tax benefit of approximately $9.0 million or $0.03 per diluted share in the 2016 quarter associated with stock-based compensation that did not reoccur in the 2017 quarter. Merchandise Inventories As of May 5, 2017, total merchandise inventories, at cost, were $3.30 billion compared to $3.07 billion as of April 29, 2016, an increase of 0.5 percent on a per-store basis. Capital Expenditures Total additions to property and equipment in the 2017 first quarter were $144 million, including: $54 million for distribution and transportation-related capital expenditures; $50 million for improvements, upgrades, remodels and relocations of existing stores; and $35 million related to new leased stores, primarily for leasehold improvements, fixtures and equipment. During the 2017 first quarter, the Company opened 293 new stores and remodeled or relocated 301 stores. Share Repurchases The Company repurchased $89 million, or 1.3 million shares, under its share repurchase program in the first quarter of 2017, at an average price of $70.86 per share. Since December 2011 through the end of the first quarter of 2017, the Company has repurchased 75.6 million shares of its common stock at a total cost of $4.7 billion, at an average price of $61.57 per share. The total remaining authorization for future repurchases was approximately $845 million at the end of the 2017 first quarter. The authorization has no expiration date. Dividend On May 31, 2017, the Board of Directors declared a regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.26 per share on the Company’s common stock. The second quarter dividend will be payable on July 25, 2017 to shareholders of record at the close of business on July 11, 2017. Acquisition In April 2017, the Federal Trade Commission approved the Company’s proposed purchase of 322 store locations in 36 states from a small-box multi-price point retailer. The transaction is expected to close during June 2017, subject to customary closing conditions. The store sites are anticipated to be converted to the Dollar General banner by the end of November 2017. The acquisition of these sites is expected to be incremental to the Company’s 2017 new store growth by approximately 290 new stores over the prior guidance of 1,000 new stores for fiscal 2017. The Company anticipates sales from the acquired sites to impact fiscal 2017 (as defined below in “Financial Outlook”) net sales by approximately 100 basis points. The Company anticipates the acquisition will be modestly accretive to EPS for the fiscal year. An estimated $0.02 per diluted share charge is forecasted in the second quarter primarily related to lease termination costs for a small number of overlapping store locations, as well as ancillary costs related to the pending store locations. No assurances can be given that the transaction will be closed or will be closed within the expected timeframe or that the store sites will be converted to the Dollar General banner within the timeframe anticipated. Any failure to close the transaction or a delay in such closing or in the conversion of the store sites to the Dollar General banner would impact the financial estimates and store count outlined above. Financial Outlook For the 52-week fiscal year ending February 2, 2018 (“fiscal 2017”), and including the anticipated closing of the transaction discussed above under “Acquisition,” GAAP diluted EPS is forecasted to remain consistent with the prior guidance range of $4.25 to $4.50. Assuming such transaction is consummated as planned and the store sites are converted to the Dollar General banner on the expected timeframe, as detailed above, the Company’s net sales are forecasted to increase by approximately five to seven percent as compared with the prior guidance range of four to six percent and capital expenditures for fiscal 2017 are expected to be in the range of $715 million to $765 million as compared with the prior guidance range of $650 million to $700 million. The Company’s same-store sales growth is unchanged from the prior guidance range of slightly positive to an increase of two percent. Share repurchases for fiscal 2017 continue to be forecasted to be approximately $450 million. For fiscal 2017, assuming the closing of the acquisition as discussed above, the Company plans to open approximately 1,290 new stores in addition to remodeling or relocating 760 stores and to reduce the Company’s total projects for remodels and relocations by 140 to allow for organizational capacity to execute the incremental new store growth anticipated to result from the pending acquisition. Conference Call Information The Company will hold a conference call on Thursday, June 1, 2017 at 9:00 a.m. CT/10:00 a.m. ET, hosted by Todd Vasos, chief executive officer and John Garratt, chief financial officer. If you wish to participate, please call (855) 576-2641 at least 10 minutes before the conference call is scheduled to begin. The conference ID is 14434844. The call will also be broadcast live online at www.dollargeneral.com under “Investor Information, Conference Calls and Investor Events.” A replay of the conference call will be available through Thursday, June 15, 2017, and will be accessible online or by calling (855) 859-2056. The conference ID for the replay is 14434844. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking information, including statements regarding the Company’s outlook, plans and intentions, including, but not limited to, statements made within the quotations of Mr. Vasos and in the sections entitled “Acquisition” and “Financial Outlook”. A reader can identify forward-looking statements because they are not limited to historical fact or they use words such as “outlook,” “may,” “will,” “should,” “could,” “would,” “believe,” “anticipate,” “plan,” “expect,” “estimate,” “forecast,” “confident,” “opportunities,” “goal,” “prospect,” “positioned,” “intend,” “committed,” “continue,” “looking ahead,” “going forward,” “focused on,” or “will likely result,” and similar expressions that concern the Company’s strategy, plans, intentions or beliefs about future occurrences or results. These matters involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual performance of the Company to differ materially from that which the Company expected. Many of these statements are derived from the Company’s operating budgets and forecasts as of the date of this release, which are based on many detailed assumptions that the Company believes are reasonable. However, it is very difficult to predict the effect of known factors on the Company’s future results, and the Company cannot anticipate all factors that could affect future results that may be important to an investor. All forward-looking information should be evaluated in the context of these risks, uncertainties and other factors. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the expectations expressed in or implied by such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: economic conditions and other economic factors, including their effect on employment levels, consumer demand, customer traffic, customer disposable income, credit availability and spending patterns, inflation, commodity prices, fuel prices, interest rates, exchange rate fluctuations and the cost of goods; failure to successfully execute the Company’s strategies and initiatives, including those relating to merchandising, marketing, real estate, sourcing, shrink, private brand, distribution and transportation, store operations, store formats, budgeting and expense reduction, and technology; failure to open, relocate and remodel stores profitably and on schedule, as well as failure of the Company’s new store base to achieve sales and operating levels consistent with the Company’s expectations; effective response to competitive pressures and changes in the competitive environment and the markets where the Company operates, including, but not limited to, consolidation and omnichannel shopping; levels of inventory shrinkage; failure to successfully manage inventory balances; disruptions, unanticipated or unusual expenses or operational failures in the Company’s supply chain including, without limitation, a decrease in transportation capacity for overseas shipments, increases in transportation costs (including increased fuel costs and carrier rates or driver wages), work stoppages or other labor disruptions that could impede the receipt of merchandise, or delays in constructing or opening new distribution centers; risks and challenges associated with sourcing merchandise from suppliers, including, but not limited to, those related to international trade; risks and challenges associated with the Company’s private brands, including, but not limited to, the Company’s level of success in gaining and maintaining broad market acceptance of its private brands; unfavorable publicity or consumer perception of the Company’s products, including, but not limited to, related product liability; the impact of changes in or noncompliance with governmental laws and regulations (including, but not limited to, environmental compliance, product safety, food safety, information security and privacy, and labor and employment laws, as well as tax laws, the interpretation of existing tax laws, or the Company’s failure to sustain its reporting positions negatively affecting the Company’s tax rate) and developments in or outcomes of private actions, class actions, administrative proceedings, regulatory actions or other litigation; incurrence of material uninsured losses, excessive insurance costs or accident costs; natural disasters, unusual weather conditions, pandemic outbreaks, terrorist acts and geo-political events; failure to maintain the security of information that the Company holds, whether as a result of cybersecurity attacks or otherwise; damage or interruption to the Company’s information systems or failure of technology initiatives to deliver desired or timely results; ability to attract, train and retain qualified employees, while controlling labor costs (including effects of potential federal or state regulatory changes related to overtime exemptions, if implemented) and other labor issues; loss of key personnel, inability to hire additional qualified personnel or disruption of executive management as a result of retirements or transitions; seasonality of the Company’s business; deterioration in market conditions, including market disruptions, limited liquidity and interest rate fluctuations, or a lowering of the Company’s credit ratings; new accounting guidance, or changes in the interpretation or application of existing guidance, such as changes to guidance related to leases, revenue recognition and intra-company transfers; the factors disclosed under “Risk Factors” in the Company’s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K; and such other factors as may be discussed or identified in this press release. All forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by these and other cautionary statements that the Company makes from time to time in its SEC filings and public communications. The Company cannot assure the reader that it will realize the results or developments the Company anticipates or, even if substantially realized, that they will result in the consequences or affect the Company or its operations in the way the Company expects. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date made. The Company undertakes no obligation, and specifically disclaims any duty, to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances arising after the date on which they were made, except as otherwise required by law. As a result of these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements included herein or that may be made elsewhere from time to time by, or on behalf of, the Company. About Dollar General Corporation Dollar General Corporation has been delivering value to shoppers for over 75 years. Dollar General helps shoppers Save time. Save money. Every day!® by offering products that are frequently used and replenished, such as food, snacks, health and beauty aids, cleaning supplies, basic apparel, housewares and seasonal items at low everyday prices in convenient neighborhood locations. With 13,601 stores in 44 states as of May 5, 2017, Dollar General is among the largest discount retailers in the United States. In addition to high quality private brands, Dollar General sells products from America's most-trusted brands such as Procter & Gamble, Kimberly-Clark, Unilever, Kellogg's, General Mills, Nabisco, Hanes, PepsiCo and Coca-Cola. Learn more about Dollar General at www.dollargeneral.com.         DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (In thousands)     (Unaudited) May 5 April 29 February 3 2017     2016     2017 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 205,977 $ 187,687 $ 187,915 Merchandise inventories 3,300,082 3,072,063 3,258,785 Income taxes receivable 10,492 6,827 11,050 Prepaid expenses and other current assets       232,398         210,769         220,021   Total current assets       3,748,949         3,477,346         3,677,771   Net property and equipment       2,487,292         2,278,081         2,434,456   Goodwill       4,338,589         4,338,589         4,338,589   Other intangible assets, net       1,200,597         1,200,904         1,200,659   Other assets, net       20,928         21,464         20,823   Total assets     $ 11,796,355       $ 11,316,384       $ 11,672,298     LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities: Current portion of long-term obligations $ 401,188 $ 1,526 $ 500,950 Accounts payable 1,622,776 1,447,223 1,557,596 Accrued expenses and other 459,105 440,697 500,866 Income taxes payable       208,972         122,148         63,393   Total current liabilities       2,692,041         2,011,594         2,622,805   Long-term obligations       2,632,090         2,989,663         2,710,576   Deferred income taxes       662,485         647,626         652,841   Other liabilities       280,858         279,118         279,782   Total liabilities       6,267,474         5,928,001         6,266,004     Commitments and contingencies   Shareholders' equity: Preferred stock - - - Common stock 239,947 249,096 240,811 Additional paid-in capital 3,157,322 3,124,110 3,154,606 Retained earnings 2,136,401 2,020,784 2,015,867 Accumulated other comprehensive loss       (4,789 )       (5,607 )       (4,990 ) Total shareholders' equity       5,528,881         5,388,383         5,406,294   Total liabilities and shareholders' equity     $ 11,796,355       $ 11,316,384       $ 11,672,298               DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (In thousands, except per share amounts) (Unaudited)     For the Quarter Ended May 5 % of Net April 29 % of Net 2017     Sales     2016     Sales Net sales $ 5,609,625 100.00 % $ 5,265,432 100.00 % Cost of goods sold       3,910,642     69.71         3,652,818     69.37   Gross profit 1,698,983 30.29 1,612,614 30.63 Selling, general and administrative expenses       1,225,188     21.84         1,131,871     21.50   Operating profit 473,795 8.45 480,743 9.13 Interest expense 25,004 0.45 24,081 0.46 Other (income) expense       3,502     0.06         -     0.00   Income before income taxes 445,289 7.94 456,662 8.67 Income tax expense       165,800     2.96         161,538     3.07   Net income     $ 279,489     4.98 %     $ 295,124     5.60 %   Earnings per share: Basic $ 1.02 $ 1.03 Diluted $ 1.02 $ 1.03 Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic 274,692 285,886 Diluted 275,215 286,978         DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (In thousands) (Unaudited)   For the 13 Weeks Ended May 5 April 29 2017     2016 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income $ 279,489 $ 295,124 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash from operating activities: Depreciation and amortization 98,586 92,324 Deferred income taxes 9,516 7,541 Loss on debt retirement, net 3,502 - Noncash share-based compensation 8,932 10,253 Other noncash (gains) and losses 2,122 (440 ) Change in operating assets and liabilities: Merchandise inventories (42,456 ) 3,476 Prepaid expenses and other current assets (12,342 ) (16,676 ) Accounts payable 56,630 (55,267 ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities (39,511 ) (21,416 ) Income taxes 146,137 89,294 Other       (143 )       (260 ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities       510,462         403,953     Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment (143,519 ) (98,968 ) Proceeds from sales of property and equipment       131         323   Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities       (143,388 )       (98,645 )   Cash flows from financing activities: Issuance of long-term obligations 599,556 - Repayments of long-term obligations (750,275 ) (497 ) Net increase (decrease) in commercial paper outstanding (22,800 ) - Borrowings under revolving credit facilities - 751,000 Repayments of borrowings under revolving credit facilities - (731,000 ) Costs associated with issuance and retirement of debt (9,460 ) - Repurchases of common stock (88,755 ) (230,961 ) Payments of cash dividends (71,294 ) (71,308 ) Other equity and related transactions       (5,984 )       7,198   Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities       (349,012 )       (275,568 )   Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 18,062 29,740 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period       187,915         157,947   Cash and cash equivalents, end of period     $ 205,977       $ 187,687     Supplemental cash flow information: Cash paid for: Interest $ 37,917 $ 21,477 Income taxes $ 8,837 $ 64,520 Supplemental schedule of non-cash investing and financing activities: Purchases of property and equipment awaiting processing for payment, included in Accounts payable $ 47,464 $ 40,285         DOLLAR GENERAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Selected Additional Information (Unaudited)     Sales by Category (in thousands)   For the Quarter Ended May 5 April 29 2017   2016     % Change   Consumables $ 4,315,513 $ 4,039,197 6.8 % Seasonal 662,638 623,850 6.2 % Home products 333,150 322,848 3.2 % Apparel   298,324       279,537       6.7 % Net sales $ 5,609,625     $ 5,265,432       6.5 %           Store Activity   For the Quarter Ended May 5 April 29 2017     2016   Beginning store count 13,320 12,483 New store openings 293 249 Store closings   (12 )     (13 ) Net new stores   281       236   Ending store count   13,601       12,719   Total selling square footage (000's)   101,065       94,262   Growth rate (square footage)   7.2 %     6.2 % Contacts Dollar General Corporation Investor Contacts: Mary Winn Pilkington, 615-855-5536 or Matt Hancock, 615-855-4811 or Media Contacts: Dan MacDonald, 615-855-5209 or Crystal Ghassemi, 615-855-5210 Contacts Dollar General Corporation Investor Contacts: Mary Winn Pilkington, 615-855-5536 or Matt Hancock, 615-855-4811 or Media Contacts: Dan MacDonald, 615-855-5209 or Crystal Ghassemi, 615-855-5210 Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Follow @triplepundit 48.5k Triple Pundit: People, Planet, Profit Menu Special Series Building Healthier Communities In this four-part mini-series, we’ll unpack how large firms can get down to the grassroots level when it comes to engaging communities around health and wellness. Sponsored by Aetna Foundation Your Corporate Guide to Responsible Waste Management In this editorial series in partnership with Covanta Environmental Solutions, we’ll explore steps your company can take to edge closer to zero waste targets. Sponsored by Covanta Responsible Forestry In this series sponsored by Procter and Gamble, we’ll explore what it means to practice “responsible forestry” and how trailblazing companies can lead the way. Sponsored by Procter & Gamble Close Events Good Capital Project (3p discount code “GC_TriplePundit “) The Good Capital Project, through a new design thinking process, will convene all constituents to drive greater collaboration and accelerate capital flows into purpose driven investments. [REGISTER HERE] Use code GC_TriplePundit for 15% off June 19: New York Green Sports Alliance Summit 2017 "PLAY GREENER: Engaging Fans, Athletes & Communities", focused on mobilizing members and partners to bring about positive environmental and social impact across their fan-base and surrounding communities. [REGISTER HERE] June 27-29: Sacramento Companies vs Climate Change: Europe and USA Events. An event series whose mission it is to bring together companies from around the world to discuss climate change and how they can work together to address it most impactfully. Now building sponsorship and registration. [INFO HERE] Oct & Dec: Brussels & Miami Close 3p Podium Media Kit The Case for Climate Optimism by 3p Contributor on Thursday, Jun 1st, 2017 Climate & Environment Share Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) By Sheila Bonini There is no silver bullet for the environmental challenges we face. And no single individual, company or government can bring about the scale of change needed. But everyone — from governments to businesses and civil society — has a stake in building a sustainable future. Together, we can deliver solutions on a global scale. For the past eight years, the federal government has been squarely in the vanguard of clean-energy policy and action on climate change. But today, the political landscape in Washington is shifting. And just as the current administration considers rolling back much of the recent progress on these crucial issues, the private sector is taking up the mantle of climate leadership. At first blush, businesses may seem an unlikely candidate for this new role. But increasingly, businesses are recognizing the bottom line value of a low-carbon economy. For them, sustainability is an opportunity to generate economic value and advance lasting solutions to one of society’s greatest common challenges. As America’s engine of innovation, businesses are particularly well-suited for this task. Throughout our nation’s history, leaders of industry have been the driving force behind the advent of new technologies and practices, changing not just the way we do business, but our very way of life. Now they are tapping into that same wellspring of ingenuity to address the threat of climate change. And for those on the leading edge, investments in sustainability are already yielding dividends. Nearly half of American Fortune 500 companies have set climate targets. Last year alone, their efforts to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions generated $3.7 billion in savings. As businesses of all sizes establish climate targets, many are becoming more ambitious with their goals. Around the world, more than 200 companies have set targets aligned with the best available climate science. Globally, 95 companies have committed to power their operations with 100 percent renewable energy, compared to only a handful of companies just a few years ago. Some companies are expanding their efforts to reduce GHG emissions and waste by shifting the focus to their supply chains (which on average account for four times more emissions than a company’s direct operations). Walmart, for example, recently launched Project Gigaton, a groundbreaking endeavor that aims to reduce one gigaton (one billion tons) of emissions from their global supply chain by 2030. Apple also continues to pursue bold commitments. Apple’s global facilities are now at 96 percent renewable energy, including 100 percent renewable energy for their data centers around the world, and they are driving clean energy adoption in their supply chain to address manufacturing emissions. Apple is also partnering with the nonprofit sector to tackle the critical issues of deforestation and forest degradation – responsible for an estimated 15 percent of all global GHG emissions. Through a five-year project, Apple and WWF are helping China—the world’s largest producer and consumer of paper products—reduce its environmental footprint by producing paper products from responsibly managed forests within its own borders. A major goal of the project is for 1 million acres of forest land to be certified by the Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) or under improved forest management. We are well on our way to reaching the goal. Approximately 320,000 acres of forest land are in the final stage of receiving FSC certification and eight companies have committed to improving the management of 450,000 acres of forest land. Apple, with partners like us, is now protecting or creating enough responsibly managed forest to cover all of the virgin fiber needed for their packaging. P&G is tackling climate change through an integrated approach that includes setting science-based targets, an ambitious renewable energy goal of 30 percent by 2020 and 100 percent long-term. They are also increasing energy efficiencies across their 100 manufacturing sites globally, which has resulted in $500 million in savings since 2010. And, they recently encouraged the American consumer to adopt energy-saving laundry habits through the Sustainable Laundry Pledge. Apple, P&G, and Walmart are not alone. Savvy business leaders across a wide range of industries are steaming full speed ahead toward the low carbon horizon. And more are joining their ranks every year. But our greatest challenges still lay ahead. And we need more leaders to heed the clarion call to action. When businesses like Apple, P&G, and Walmart make large-scale investments in the renewable energy space, it sends a powerful signal to their peers. And as more businesses engage in collective initiatives, they find it easier to lift up proven solutions and take them to scale. While these companies scale up their targets, many are also becoming more vocal in their support for local, state, national, and international policies—including the historic Paris Agreement—in order to accelerate America’s transition to a low-carbon economy and to make the U.S. more competitive in the world economy. Long-term growth requires long-term vision. Now more than ever, America’s business leaders see the value of making sustainability business as usual. And that is reason for optimism. Image credit: Pexels Sheila Bonini is Senior Vice President of Private Sector Engagement for the World Wildlife Fund. Climate & Environment Recent headlines from the 4650 articles in this category: 3p Weekend: Telling Nature To Go F*** Itself While Standing in a Garden Is a Pretty Gangsta Move Global Shareholders to Big Oil: Address Climate Change Risk Koch Bros Sponsor Washington Post Energy Coverage TriplePundit has published articles from over 1000 contributors. If you'd like to be a guest author, please get in touch! Follow 3p Contributor @triplepundit Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Register here if you need an account. Our sponsors Media Kit Access Would your company like to join our conversation? We offer branded content, twitter chats, event promotion, custom content channels and more. Learn more. Check out our newsletters More than 30,000 subscribers get our daily and weekly updates. Join them now. Email address Weekly Mailing List Daily Mailing List Submit Ready to comment? Register for an account below Name* First Last Email* Enter Email Confirm Email Create your username* Captcha After submitting this form, you must check your email for your password before logging in. Follow Triple Pundit Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Search terms Search WORK WITH US About 3p Advertise with us Contact us Newsletter Sponsored content policy Write for us Privacy policy Legal Sitemap MEET OUR TEAM Founder: Nick Aster Ed in Chief: Jen Boynton Editor: Mary Mazzoni Social Media: Marissa Rosen Partnerships: Travis Noland TriplePundit is a Certified B Corp. Offsets Provided by ClimateCare. Use our carbon calculator here. TriplePundit's office is at Impact HUB San Francisco. All content © 2009-2017 Triple Pundit Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman North America Pregnancy Testing market has increased by USD 104.1 million from 2016 to 2021 Market Data Forecast recently published a report on the “North America Pregnancy Testing Market” which estimates the market to grow from USD 444.30 million from 2016 to USD 548.4 million with a high CAGR of 4.3%. For full report refer to: www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-p… Pregnancy tests are tests used to detect the presence of reproductive hormones such as Follicle Stimulating Hormone or Luteinising Hormone. Fertility rapid test kits help in finding the exact day of ovulation or confirm the presence of menopause in women where as they are used to detect the sperm count in men. Free Sample for the report is available at: www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-p… The DROC Analysis contains some of the factors that have major effects on the market dynamics be it positive or negative. Pregnancy testing market is mainly driven by factors such as growing prevalence of infertility and gynaecological disorders, rising demand for fast and independent tests and availability of decentralized diagnostic tests over time consuming laboratory tests. Technology advancements and rising first-time pregnancy age are some of the other factors supporting the growth of pregnancy testing market. However high prices of these products and tests and low adaptation rate are the major factors hindering the growth of the market Enquire more about the report at: www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-p… The products are segmented based on Product type and test type and studied for a deep-level understanding of the Pregnancy Testing market. Each sub segment is accompanied with Market Size Estimations and Y-o-Y Forecasts as well. By Product Type • Pregnancy Test Kits • Ovulation/Fertility Test Kits By Test Type • FSH Urine Test • Luteinizing Hormone (LH) Urine Test • Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG) • Hormone Blood Test • Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG) • Hormone Urine Test To Customize please visit: www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-p… North American Market is studied in geographic perspective by segregating the market shares between USA and Canada. The study identifies USA as the predominant market in the North American region and it holds well in the Global Market too. To buy the report please go to: www.marketdataforecast.com/cart/buy-now/north-america-pre… Some of the major companies covered in the report are Alere Inc., Quidel Corporation, Prestige Brands Holdings, Church & Dwight Co., Inc., bioMérieux SA, Geratherm Medical AG, Germaine Laboratories, Abbott Laboratories, Kent Pharmaceuticals, Rite-Aid, Procter & Gamble Co., DCC Plc., and Swiss Precision Diagnostics GmbH Scope of the North America Pregnancy Testing Market: • Regional and country-level analysis that provides an innate perspective of USA and Canada Market to that of the North American region • To detect major focus areas of industrial growth Segment-level analysis on basis of product type and test type along with market size forecasts and y-o-y estimations are provided • Detailed explanation of major drivers, restraints, opportunities, and challenges (DROC) that affect the market and impact the ever-shifting market dynamics • PESTLE and Porter’s Five Forces Analyses that examine the macro & micro environmental factors such as political influence, technological prowess, industry rivalry to name a few. • An extensive listing of major market players along with company overview, product portfolios, key financial information (subjected to availability), SWOT analysis and analyst overview to study and sustain the market environment • mergers, acquisitions, collaborations in the field along with new product launches, comparative financial studies and recent developments in the market by the major companies all rolled out into Competitive landscape • Expertly devised Market Outlook comprising the Investment opportunities to provide both individuals and organizations a strong financial foothold in the market Checkout other related studies in the Medical Devices Segment: Gynaecological examination chairs Market: www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-g… Glucose monitoring device Market: www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-g… General surgical device Market: www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-g… Foot and ankle devices Market: www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-f… Enteral feeding devices Market: www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/north-america-e… About Market Data Forecast: The publisher of this report is Market Data Forecast whose forte lies in Market research and Business Intelligence. Handling both individual and corporate clients across multiple business domains they offer syndicated/customized research to suit the client’s research objective. Their research reports section offers a wide variety of market studies ranging from all-encompassing comprehensive market studies to product specific niche markets covering North America among other regions of the global market as well. For more info kindly visit, www.marketdataforecast.com Contact: Abhishek Shukla Sales Manager (International Business Development) Market Data Forecast Direct Line: +1-888-702-9626 Mobile: +91 998 555 0206 Mail: abhishek@marketdataforecast.com Visit Market Data Forecast Blog @ www.marketdataforecast.com/blog/ View latest Press Releases of MDF @ www.marketdataforecast.com/press-releases The publisher of this report is Market Data Forecast whose forte lies in Market research and Business Intelligence. Handling both individual and corporate clients across multiple business domains they offer syndicated/customized research to suit the client’s research objective. Their research reports section offers a wide variety of market studies ranging from all-encompassing comprehensive market studies to product specific niche markets covering North America among other regions of the global market as well. 502, kakatiya’s empire, Jubilee Gardens, Hyderabad, India. +1-888-702-9626 (U.S. TOLL FREE), contact@marketdataforecast.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Low Capacitance TVS Diode Arrays from Littelfuse Offer Better Protection Against ESD, CDE, EFT and Lightning Induced Surges Next PostNext Low-PIM Cable Assemblies Market is Expected to Continue Flourishing in Developed and Developing Regions of World, 2025 – PMR Study Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Worldbulletin News Worldbulletin News Worldbulletin News Portal Dünya Bülteni أخبار العالم Dünya Bizim Islamic World An Insight Into Qur’an Memorization in Bosnia The first phase of memorizing starts by learning from a teacher. Qur'an Know that you can not be happy alone. Strive for the happiness of the environment. Every day of Ramadan, some piece from Qur'an Ramadan Tacloban Mosque and Islamic Center opened in Philippines The Religious Foundation of Turkey (TDV), built a Mosque and an Islamic Center in Philippines Tacloban city. Ramadan Malawi enters Ramadan with first Muslim TV channel Residents of southeastern Africa nation once had to rely on foreign Muslim channels, but now have one of their own       World 17:42 European cooperation vital, Macron tells May after attack 16:37 Germany signals willingness to take steps against PKK 15:40 ISIL attacks kill 32 Iraqi soldiers in Mosul 14:43 Canadians 'stand united' with London, Trudeau says 13:57 Tunisia PM warns no one safe in anti-graft 'war' 13:13 Four French people injured in London attack: foreign minister Africa Europe America-Canada Palestine Latin America Iraq Balkans Caucasus Cyprus Central Asia Turkey 12:38 Eight PKK terrorists killed in eastern Turkey 12:24 Raqqah operation started on Friday night: Turkish PM 22:40 Erdogan urges Turkish investors to play productive role 16:20 Turkish premier's top adviser, wife arrested in capital 13:14 New connections on express train from Istanbul to Sofia 05:06 Turkey grants citizenship to Moroccan killed on July 15 General Economy Politics Diplomacy Art & Culture Sports Media 10:37 Press agenda on June 4 11:01 Press agenda on June 3 09:37 Press agenda on June 2 11:37 Press agenda on June 1 09:19 Press agenda on May 31 10:16 Press agenda on May 30 Economy 17:37 Canada exports to US hit record high 17:12 Stock markets rise but sterling hit by vote uncertainty 13:58 Turkey, Pakistan to cooperate in energy sector 10:42 Tokyo stocks up on Japan business spending boost 15:37 Brussels maps out more unified eurozone 14:26 Sterling drops after poll suggests hung UK parliament Islamic World 14:02 Muslim youth volunteers help repair Catholic monastery 14:00 Sacred Muslim month of Ramadan starts 17:32 Muslim history of Gujarat 17:12 World Bulletin wish you a happy and peaceful Kandil 09:37 A mosque in a Burkina Faso village 16:57 Top Turkish cleric opens mosque in western Russian city Ramadan 11:14 Do good without expecting to get it back 17:25 Turkish aid agency sends food aid to Rohingya Muslims 17:10 Palestinians converge on Aqsa for 1st Friday of Ramadan 15:33 Yangon authorities sue Muslims for praying in the street 10:18 And fear Allah that you may receive mercy. 09:50 Don't try to dominate everything and don't make life uninhabitable Qur'an Hajj 15:33 Indonesia says Saudi Arabia increased its Hajj quota 19:33 Muslim pilgrims flock to Medina after performing Hajj 12:03 Turkish relgious leader says Eid a time of happiness 11:46 1.8 million Muslims took place in hajj this year 16:42 Saudi king rejects mixing hajj with politics 13:01 At hajj, Syrian pilgrims talk of exile and war Art & Culture 12:24 Turkey helps restore 16th-century Bosnian mosque 10:59 Origins and evolution of minarets 13:00 'Star Wars' at 40: The Force is still strong 08:33 Ibn Sina (Avicenna) declared as a ruler in Europe 17:43 Traditional dhow boat race retraces Gulf pearl route 13:14 Islam in Japan Before 1900 Health & Environment 15:01 Botched measles vaccines kill 15 children in S.Sudan 04:06 Hamas MPs to donate salaries to cancer, kidney patients 12:31 Cholera outbreak kills 532 in Yemen: WHO 17:51 Top economists urge 'strong carbon price' in climate fight 11:05 India: WHO confirms first 3 cases of Zika virus 09:31 US: 23M more to lose health care under Republican plan Science&Technology 12:24 GE Appliances to get Google voice control option 06:00 New Russian jet takes to air in bid to rival Airbus and Boeing 06:05 NASA's Juno probe forces 'rethink' on Jupiter 15:56 Turkey to establish its own Antarctic base in 10 years 12:11 Watch out in a world of connected objects, specialists warn 10:38 Cyber kid stuns experts showing toys can be 'weapons' News Analysis 20:40 The ideology and historical legacy of world maps 11:37 Turkey and Balkans 16:27 How gas could warm relations between Israel and Turkey 10:13 Time of "apes and pigs" 11:51 NKorea strengthening border artillery 16:08 China: Philippines violating South China Sea code History 11:15 Hassan al-Banna, the founder of Muslim Brotherhood 15:22 The Palestinian Nakba: From Napoleon to Ben-Gurion 04:02 Abu Zayd Al Balkhi: The 9th Century Muslim Psychologist 13:34 A Brief History of Masjids in China 22:15 The Suleymaniye Mosque and the great architect Sinan 14:59 The Siege of Antioch This week in History Africa Europe America-Canada Palestine Latin America Iraq Balkans Caucasus Cyprus Central Asia Today's News '13 ISIL fighters' killed in southwestern Pakistan European cooperation vital, Macron tells May after attack Bahrain bans newspaper for 'sowing division' Germany signals willingness to take steps against PKK N. Korea slams 'mean' targeted UN sanctions ISIL attacks kill 32 Iraqi soldiers in Mosul Four confirmed dead in small plane crash in Japan Canadians 'stand united' with London, Trudeau says Japan holds evacuation drills as N.Korea missile fears grow Tunisia PM warns no one safe in anti-graft 'war' Four French people injured in London attack: foreign minister Eight PKK terrorists killed in eastern Turkey Raqqah operation started on Friday night: Turkish PM Nine migrants killed in minibus accident in Bulgaria Outrage and solidarity over 'cowardly' London attacks Cambodia goes to polls for commune elections 4-hour cease-fire declared in Philippines Press agenda on June 4 Erdogan urges Turkish investors to play productive role Pro-Haftar forces capture airbase in central Libya Kabila says he never 'promised' to hold elections in DR Congo Adviser to Brazil president arrested in corruption probe 27 dead as Yemen army closes in on Taez palace UN slaps sanctions on North Koreans amid US warning Pakistan army kills '5 Indian soldiers' in border clash Turkish premier's top adviser, wife arrested in capital 6.8-magnitude quake hits off Alaska Protestors and police clash in Morocco Colombia police say closing in on top drug gang boss Indian army convoy ambushed in Kashmir, 2 soldiers dead 07:54, 05 June 2017 Monday Europe Update: 04:30, 01 June 2017 Thursday Tweetle US CEOs urge Trump to stay in Paris agreement ‘President Trump, stay in Paris and negotiate a better deal that creates jobs,’ CEOs say World Bulletin / News Desk The CEOs of 10 major American companies urged use a television advertisement Wednesday to urge President Donald Trump to stay in the Paris climate agreement. "We are writing to express our strong support for the United States remaining in the Paris Climate Agreement," it said. "President Trump, stay in Paris and negotiate a better deal that creates jobs," according to the commercial that is also available on YouTube. The advertisement was signed by the heads of 3M, Morgan Stanley, JPMorgan Chase, Proctor & Gamble, General Electric, Johnson & Johnson, The Dow Chemical Company, Tesla, Citigroup and The Disney Company. The Paris Agreement, which was spearheaded by former President Barack Obama and signed by 195 countries in April 2016, aims to fight climate change by reducing carbon emissions and limiting global temperature rise to below 2 degrees Celsius. During his election campaign, however, Trump called global warming "a hoax" and promised to scrap the agreement and return jobs to the coal industry that is often an easy target for environmentalists. "I will be announcing my decision on the Paris Accord over the next few days. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!," Trump said via Twitter on Wednesday. Related Trump paris deal Legal Notice: Copyright, trade marks and other intellectual property rights in this website can not be reproduced without the prior permission. Tweetle No Comment Yet Europe News EU urges Azerbaijan to release opposition figures The appeal comes amid growing international concern about Azerbaijan's reported crackdown on dissenters, including investigative journalist Afgan Mukhtarli and opposition politician Gozel Bayramli. Hamas leader heads to Egypt to hold official talks Hamas delegation will discuss relations with Egypt and situation in Gaza Turkish humanitarian aid ship leaves for Somalia The ship carrying food and humanitarian aid departs from Mersin in Turkey's south European cooperation vital, Macron tells May after attack Macron "reiterated the importance" of "European cooperation in the fight against terrorism" during the conversation, a statement from his office said. Germany signals willingness to take steps against PKK Ahead of Ankara visit, Foreign Minister Gabriel says Turkey is right to ask for stronger steps against PKK in Germany ISIL attacks kill 32 Iraqi soldiers in Mosul Iraqi forces are trying to dislodge ISIL from their last stronghold in northern Iraq British PM says 'enough is enough' after London attack UK needs to be more 'robust' to identify terror threat, May says after 7 people die in Saturday night's London Bridge attack Canadians 'stand united' with London, Trudeau says "Awful news from London tonight. We're monitoring the situation," Trudeau said on Twitter. Outgoing PM Joseph Muscat wins Malta election The preliminary results showed a clear enough trend for Muscat, 43, to declare victory. "It is clear that the people have chosen to stay the course," he said as Labour supporters took to the streets in celebration. Tunisia PM warns no one safe in anti-graft 'war' Corruption was widespread in Tunisia under longtime president Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, who was ousted in the 2011 uprising that spawned the Arab Spring, but it remains endemic. Musicians play tunes in protest at US-Mexico border wall The musicians took part Saturday in a "Tear Down this Wall" event organized by the Dresden Sinfoniker orchestra at a park in the Mexican city of Tijuana at the foot of the metallic fence that divides the two countries. Four French people injured in London attack: foreign minister "Four French people were injured and it seems one person was particularly affected," Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian told France Info radio. Putin condemns London attack "Putin expresses his profound condolences for the British people and condemns the terrorist attack carried out hours ago in London," Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told Russian news agencies. Nine migrants killed in minibus accident in Bulgaria The minibus was apparently driven by a 16-year-old Bulgarian who did not have a driver's licence. He was among the dead. The bus was on the motorway near Pazardjik, close to the Greek and Turkish borders. Outrage and solidarity over 'cowardly' London attacks British and world leaders on Sunday condemned the attacks in Central London, reacting with both outrage and solidarity. ‘Terror attacks’ strike London Bridge, Borough Market ‘Barbaric acts’ a ‘deliberate and cowardly attack on innocent Londoners and visitors’, Mayor Khan says News African Union offers full support for UN climate deal US states, cities step in to fill Trump Paris exit Trump mulling gag on public testimony of ex-FBI chief US climate decision 'shameful' says ex-head of COP21 Trump withdraws US from Paris climate accord Trump keeps US embassy in Tel Aviv, for now Trump set to reveal decision on Paris climate deal Worldbulletin News Worldbulletin News © 2006 All Rights Reserved. Copyright, trade marks and other intellectual property rights in this website can not be reproduced without the prior permission. Webdesign and Software: Engin Demir World Turkey Media Economy Islamic World Ramadan Hajj Art & Culture Health & Environment Science&Technology News Analysis History Interviews & In Depth Asia-Pacific Middle East Latest News Columnists Add to your site Contact Us About us  
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News June 2017 Mo Su Sa Fr Th We Tu 5 4 3 2 1 May 2017 31 30 Improve Your Event with a Wireless Tour Guide System TourGuide Solutions Supplies Sennheiser 2020 for High-Quality Events   TourGuide Solutions wireless tour guide system GREEN BAY, Wis. - June 1, 2017 - PRLog -- Event coordinators increasingly are turning to a wireless tour guide system to focus on providing crystal clear audio as a differentiating factor in delivering a high-quality experience. TourGuide Solutions, North America's leading provider of wireless tour guide systems, works with tour operators and event coordinators to optimize the ability of participants to enjoy the tour without straining to hear the presentation. The wireless tour guide system of choice is the Sennheiser 2020 from the audio industry's leading provider of wireless mics. "Some of the biggest stars in the music industry use Sennheiser microphones, and the Sennheiser 2020 system uses similar technology for exceptionally high-quality audio," said Bridget Pedersen, Event and Marketing Specialist at TourGuide Solutions. "The ease of setup is a big reason why we choose this system as our failsafe option for event rentals." Event Coordinators Prefer Wireless Tour Guide System Event coordinators gravitate toward the Sennheiser system because its combination of unmatched audio quality and ease of operation reflect positively on the host organization. "Sennheiser has truly mastered wireless technology," Pedersen said. "Our customers love the Sennheiser 2020 because it is compact, and tour leaders are able to move around and be heard without fighting background noise or poor acoustics." The Sennheiser wireless tour guide system features lightweight headsets with individual volume control. A sensitivity setting on the wireless microphone allows the presenter to diminish up to 36 decibels of background noise and provide exceptional audio quality. TourGuide Solutions supplied Sennheiser 2020 tour audio systems for the plant tour component of the IndustryWeek Manufacturing & Technology (M&T) Conference and Expo in May and will be providing similar systems for tours associated with the AME International Conference in Boston, October 9-13, 2017. About TourGuide Solutions TourGuide Solutions is an affiliate company of OwnersEdge Inc., a 100 percent employee-owned ESOP holding company based in Brookfield, Wisconsin. TourGuide Solutions, founded in 1998, provides a wide range of Fortune 500 companies with audio equipment to usher guests through live, interactive plant tours. Its clients include Toyota, Nestle, Coca-Cola, Kellogg's, Whirlpool, John Deere and P&G. TourGuide Solutions represents a wide array of product lines, including Sennheiser 2020, Williams Sound Digi-Wave, Listen Technologies, ListenTALK and its own TGS-900. TourGuide Solutions offers warranty protection, with post-warranty care standard with every purchase. Next-day service is available to locations within the United States. Call 877-204-0225 or visit http://tourguidesolutions.com for more information about TourGuide Solutions products or to request a quote. View original post on wireless tour guide system here. Contact TourGuide Solutions 877-204-0225 info@tourguidesolutions.com Photo: https://www.prlog.org/12643692/1 End Source : TourGuide Solutions Email : ***@tourguidesolutions.com Tags : Wireless Tour Guide System Industry : Technology, Tourism, Travel Location : Green Bay - Wisconsin - United States Subject : Products Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse TourGuide Solutions PRs Sennheiser 2020 Tour System Featured at IndustryWeek M&T Conference TourGuide Solutions Makes a Splash at NTA's TREX Event Factory Tour Headsets Provide Effective Group Audio Solutions Tour Audio Systems Rental Enhances Truck Manufacturer's Events TourGuide Solutions Provides Tour Guide System Rental SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
North America Luxury Furniture Market 2016-2022: Rapidly Growing Urban Population is Adding to the Demand for Luxury Furniture - Research and Markets June 01, 2017 09:44 AM Eastern Daylight Time DUBLIN--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "North America Luxury Furniture Market (2016-2022)" report to their offering. The demand for luxury furniture in the domestic and commercial segment has been unprecedented. Substantial growth in the per capita income is the prime reason behind the unprecedented growth in the luxury furniture market. The rapidly growing urban population is adding to the demand for luxury furniture. Furniture made up of glass material is gaining province over other kinds of materials, due to their elegance and eye catching designs. Wood Furniture holds the maximum market share, as wood is used majorly in the luxury furniture. Designing things on wood is easy, and is a natural and easily available raw material around the world. The market of wood furniture is expected to reach $2,145.4 million by 2022, growing at a CAGR of 3.0% during the forecast period. The glass material market on the other hand would rapidly grow at a CAGR of 5.6% during the forecast period due to growing demand for attractive glass furniture products. The living and bedroom segment is expected to generate revenue of $2,800.7 million by 2022, growing at a CAGR of 3.3% during the forecasted period. The lighting market segment would grow rapidly during the forecast period, registering a CAGR of 8.0%. The report highlights the adoption of Luxury Furniture in North America. Based on Materials, the market is segmented into Metal, Wood, Plastic, Glass, Leathers, Others. Based on End User, the Luxury Furniture market is segmented into Residential and Commercial Market. According to the usage, the Residential market is segmented into Kitchen, Living & Bedroom, Bathroom, Outdoor, Lighting segments; the commercial market is segmented into Office, Hospitality and Others segment. Key Companies profiled in the report includes: Kimberly- Clark Corporation Unicharm Bumkins Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget Company Hengan American Baby Company Procter & Gamble Company (P&G) Kao Corporation Key Topics Covered: 1. Market Scope & Methodology 2. Market Overview 3. North America Luxury Furniture Market - By Materials 4. North America Luxury Furniture Market - By End user 5. Country Level Analysis 6. Company Profiles For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/qsm6bs/north_america Contacts Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T. Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 Related Topics: Furniture Contacts Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T. Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 Related Topics: Furniture Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Persistence Market Research Global Cosmeceuticals Market Projected to Gain Significant Value by 2022 Owing to the increasing consumer consciousness regarding the appearance, the cosmeceuticals market is expected to witness a surge across the globe. Cosmeceuticals segment is expected to experience the fastest growth in personal care industry. Increasing demand from middle age and growing urban population are expected to drive the global cosmeceuticals market. Global cosmeceuticals market is further supported by various factors such as the presence of superior quality and premium priced cosmeceuticals products. Cosmeceuticals products are used for varied applications such as skin irritation, skin lightening, tooth whitening and others. Cosmeceuticals market is growing rapidly and expected to witness double-digit growth in the next four to five years. Although demand for cosmeceuticals is increasing significantly but various other treatment options are entering the market. These treatment alternatives are expected to increase the completion in the cosmeceuticals market and expected to hinder the growth of cosmeceuticals market to some extent. To get the view of full report @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/cosmeceuticals-market.asp Global Cosmeceuticals Market is segmented on the basis of product type, ingredient and region. Based on the product type segmentation includes hair care, skincare, lip care, tooth whitening, injectable and others. Of which skincare is expected to be the dominating segment, followed by hair care in the forecasted period. Among skincare, anti-ageing sub-segment is expected to contribute maximum revenue over the forecasted period. However, the injectable segment is expected to witness the fastest growth in the next four to five years due to the various advantages such as weight treatment and wrinkle reducer associated with it. Based on the ingredient used, cosmeceuticals market is segmented into antioxidants, proteins, peptides, botanicals, moisturizers and others. Of which antioxidant segment is the leading segment which is expected to contribute the highest revenue during the forecasted period. Global cosmeceuticals market is segmented on the basis of a region into North America, Latin America, Eastern Europe, Western Europe, Asia-Pacific excluding Japan, Middle East and Africa, and Japan. A Sample of this Report is Available Upon Request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/8938 The Global Cosmeceuticals market is expected to witness robust growth over the forecasted period due to the rising consumer awareness regarding the benefits of cosmeceuticals coupled with increasing number of premium quality cosmeceuticals products. Globally, among all regions, North America is expected to contribute the highest market share, followed by Europe over the forecasted period. However, Asia Pacific is anticipated to witness the highest growth owing to the rising disposable income of consumers in various countries. In Asia Pacific, Japan is anticipated to contribute highest market share and expected to grow with highest CAGR, followed by China. Major factors that fuel the growth of cosmeceuticals market includes increasing consumer consciousness regarding the appearance and increasing number of urban population coupled with rising consumer awareness related to benefits of cosmeceuticals. Another factor that is driving the growth of cosmeceuticals market is increasing the affordability of consumers in the emerging markets such as China and India. A major factor that restraints the growth of cosmeceuticals market is growing consumer awareness related to harmful effects of ingredients used in cosmeceuticals. A Sample of this Report is Available Upon Request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/8938 Major companies operating in cosmeceuticals market are Procter and Gamble, L’Oreal SA, Unilever, Active Organics, Allergan, Arch Chemicals, Inc., BASF SE, Bayer AG, Symrise AG. Companies operating in cosmeceuticals market are adopting a strategy by investing the huge amount in research and development (R&D) activities in order to launch new products and penetrate into emerging markets. Companies are developing new ingredients such as peptides and stem cells for cosmeceuticals products. About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsCosmeceuticals, Global Cosmeceuticals, Global Cosmeceuticals Market, Global Global Cosmeceuticals Market, Healthcare Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Nucucina Adds Flavor And Aroma To Morning Coffee Next PostNext Scentalog Smells Online Success for Fragrance Brands & Retailers Search Recent Posts The Philip J. DiNenno Prize awarded for the development and commercialization of Very Early Smoke Detection Apparatus Riassunto: Westinghouse e Boilermakers si accordano su un nuovo contratto Portrait of Leonardo da Vinci discovered. Guess Who the Artist is? IBM Announces Partnership with Baheal Group to Bring Watson for Oncology to China Pacifists cheer Methodist minister ahead of trial for criminal damage Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Persistence Market Research Global Cosmeceuticals Market Projected to Gain Significant Value by 2022 Owing to the increasing consumer consciousness regarding the appearance, the cosmeceuticals market is expected to witness a surge across the globe. Cosmeceuticals segment is expected to experience the fastest growth in personal care industry. Increasing demand from middle age and growing urban population are expected to drive the global cosmeceuticals market. Global cosmeceuticals market is further supported by various factors such as the presence of superior quality and premium priced cosmeceuticals products. Cosmeceuticals products are used for varied applications such as skin irritation, skin lightening, tooth whitening and others. Cosmeceuticals market is growing rapidly and expected to witness double-digit growth in the next four to five years. Although demand for cosmeceuticals is increasing significantly but various other treatment options are entering the market. These treatment alternatives are expected to increase the completion in the cosmeceuticals market and expected to hinder the growth of cosmeceuticals market to some extent. To get the view of full report @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/cosmeceuticals-market.asp Global Cosmeceuticals Market is segmented on the basis of product type, ingredient and region. Based on the product type segmentation includes hair care, skincare, lip care, tooth whitening, injectable and others. Of which skincare is expected to be the dominating segment, followed by hair care in the forecasted period. Among skincare, anti-ageing sub-segment is expected to contribute maximum revenue over the forecasted period. However, the injectable segment is expected to witness the fastest growth in the next four to five years due to the various advantages such as weight treatment and wrinkle reducer associated with it. Based on the ingredient used, cosmeceuticals market is segmented into antioxidants, proteins, peptides, botanicals, moisturizers and others. Of which antioxidant segment is the leading segment which is expected to contribute the highest revenue during the forecasted period. Global cosmeceuticals market is segmented on the basis of a region into North America, Latin America, Eastern Europe, Western Europe, Asia-Pacific excluding Japan, Middle East and Africa, and Japan. A Sample of this Report is Available Upon Request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/8938 The Global Cosmeceuticals market is expected to witness robust growth over the forecasted period due to the rising consumer awareness regarding the benefits of cosmeceuticals coupled with increasing number of premium quality cosmeceuticals products. Globally, among all regions, North America is expected to contribute the highest market share, followed by Europe over the forecasted period. However, Asia Pacific is anticipated to witness the highest growth owing to the rising disposable income of consumers in various countries. In Asia Pacific, Japan is anticipated to contribute highest market share and expected to grow with highest CAGR, followed by China. Major factors that fuel the growth of cosmeceuticals market includes increasing consumer consciousness regarding the appearance and increasing number of urban population coupled with rising consumer awareness related to benefits of cosmeceuticals. Another factor that is driving the growth of cosmeceuticals market is increasing the affordability of consumers in the emerging markets such as China and India. A major factor that restraints the growth of cosmeceuticals market is growing consumer awareness related to harmful effects of ingredients used in cosmeceuticals. A Sample of this Report is Available Upon Request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/8938 Major companies operating in cosmeceuticals market are Procter and Gamble, L’Oreal SA, Unilever, Active Organics, Allergan, Arch Chemicals, Inc., BASF SE, Bayer AG, Symrise AG. Companies operating in cosmeceuticals market are adopting a strategy by investing the huge amount in research and development (R&D) activities in order to launch new products and penetrate into emerging markets. Companies are developing new ingredients such as peptides and stem cells for cosmeceuticals products. About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsCosmeceuticals, Global Cosmeceuticals, Global Cosmeceuticals Market, Global Global Cosmeceuticals Market, Healthcare Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Nucucina Adds Flavor And Aroma To Morning Coffee Next PostNext Scentalog Smells Online Success for Fragrance Brands & Retailers Search Recent Posts Nail Polish Market Report by Top Manufacturers 2017: OPI, ZOTOS ACCENT, Maybelline, Dior Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Global Road Bikes Market – Future Demand and Growth Analysis with Forecast 2022 Filament Tapes Market Expected to be worth US$ 6.6 billion by the end of 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
