null
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: nwitimes.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $14.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Now! Products Customer Service Calendar Home News Latest Updates Lake County News Porter County News LaPorte County News State and Regional News South Suburban News National News World News Government and Politics Crime News History E-Edition Sports NWI Preps Columnists Business Northwest Indiana Business Headlines Jobs and Employment Transportation News Healthcare News Business Columnists Opinion Letters to the Editor NWI.com Blogs Editorials Forum Columnists Entertainment Comics Games Horoscopes Northwest Indiana Calendar People Lifestyles Inspired Living Health & Fitness Food and Cooking Home and Garden Celebrations Photos Buy Photos Obituaries Area Deaths/Tributes Cars Jobs Homes For Sale Ads Rental Ads Rental Showcase Classifieds Buy Local Deals Coupons Newspaper Ads Buy Photos Business Directory Weekly Ads Contact Us Customer Service Toggle navigation Menu Search Subscribe Now! Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Sports Business Photos Obits Classifieds Breaking Miss Basketball honor eludes West Side's Dana Evans Charmin drops off load of toilet paper to Michigan's Butt Associated Press Associated Press Apr 27, 2017 Updated 11 hrs ago Michigan tight end Jake Butt doesn't mind people having fun with his last name. The folks at Procter & Gamble sure are. The parent company of Charmin toilet paper delivered a truckload of the squeezably soft product to him in his hometown of Pickerington, Ohio, on Wednesday. The nature of the relationship between P&G and Butt is unclear. A request for comment was emailed to P&G. The gesture surely was a nod to Butt's last name, which elicits snickers wherever he goes. He embraces it. "I love it so much," he told ESPN last August. "I think that's one of my greatest traits. It has really allowed me to grow my platform and build my brand." Butt has made a name for himself as a football player for being a two-time Big Ten tight end of the year. He's one of the top players at his position available for the NFL draft, which starts Thursday. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. On Tuesday, Charmin tweeted , "Have you seen the #CharminDumpTruck driving through? We've got a special destination for a butt-load of TP" On Wednesday, a Columbus radio station, 97.1 The Fan, tweeted a picture of the load of toilet paper being dropped on a lawn with Butt standing nearby. ___ More AP college football: www.collegefootball.ap.org Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Today's quirky news: 911 call: Man wants police dog to search for stolen heroin Check back here daily for the latest oddball stories that just may give you a chuckle or leave you scratching your head. Tags Jake Butt American Football Toilet Paper Last Name Gesture Parent Company Michigan Truckload Associated Press The AP is one of the largest and most trusted sources of independent newsgathering, supplying a steady stream of news to its members, international subscribers and commercial customers. Follow Associated Press Close Get email notifications on Associated Press daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Associated Press posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Associated Press Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today Latest in section 911 call: Man wants police dog to search for stolen heroin Anti-Trump bar earmarks its profits for progressive causes Australian firefighters contend with pet crocodile Dead 43-foot whale washes up on beach at New Jersey shore On a North Carolina island, chase ends at dock with arrest Most Popular on nwi.com UPDATE: Name in Portage fatal police-involved shooting released UPDATE: Portage superintendent says school intrusion under review Emotions high during initial Chesterton murder hearing Couple charged with molesting child at East Chicago home Police: Dunkin' Donuts in Highland robbed at gunpoint Currents +13 National News Photos: Tiller, the tiny Oregon town you can buy for $3.5 million National News Fact check: Misfires in Trump's AP interview +14 Autos Used Cars for sale for $10,000 or less Today’s top pics: Russia's Maria Sharapova returns to tennis and more Simpsons on Trump's first 100 days Your daily 6: Big bucks if you're 'bumped,' ESPN layoffs and the Simpsons take on Trump Today In History, April 27: "Expo 67" Spurs advance: San Antonio beats Grizzlies 103-96 in Game 6 Saints draft cornerback, offensive lineman in 1st round Who are the big losers in Round 1 of the 2017 NFL Draft? Bears trade up, take QB Mitch Trubisky with No. 2 pick Find local businesses View local offers Local Businesses Mickey's Car Barn 1300 Erie Ct, Crown Point, IN 46307 Ads Stevenson and Fairchild OMS 61 West 86th Avenue, Merrillville, IN 46410 Ads Cedar Creek Health Campus 18275 S Burr St, Lowell, IN 46356 Indiana Botanic Gardens Inc 3401 E Ridge Rd, Hobart, IN 46342 Business Directory Latest Local Offers J & J Coins & Stamps We also offer appraisal and jewelry repair services. Call or stop in today! Apr 25, 2017 Re'new Home Center $500 OFF Bathroom Remodels at Re'New Home Center! Click here for details. Updated 12 hrs ago Justin's Tree Service Spring is here! For all of your tree service needs, call Justin's Tree Service! 219-840-3003 Updated 13 hrs ago Doherty Images - Photography by Pete Doherty For all of your Corporate Photography needs call Doherty Images Photography. Call 219-670-2092 Updated 13 hrs ago E-edition Inspired Living Get Healthy Your Family Featured Sections Best of the Region Buy Local Deals Regional Crime Report CrimeTimes Northwest Indiana Calendar Online Features Contact The Times About Us Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Send a News Tip Newspapers In Education Donation Request Work At The Times RSS Feeds E-newsletter Sign-Up © Copyright 2017 NWI Times, 601 W. 45th Ave. Munster, IN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Trakm8 Holdings PLC (LON:TRAK) Receives Corporate Rating From Finncap Analysts Analysts At Berenberg Bank Reiterated Senior PLC (LON:SNR) As Buy SciSys PLC (LON:SSY) Receives Corporate Rating From Finncap Analysts Shares Of Royal Mail PLC (LON:RMG) Rated As Underperform By Analysts At Jefferies & Co Analysts At Jefferies & Co Reiterated Reckitt Benckiser Group (LON:RB) As Buy Home Business Economy Technology Entertainment Markets World Published On: Thu, Apr 27th, 2017 Analysts Price Targets | By Claire Barratt Shares Of Proctor & Gamble (NYSE:PG) Rated As Hold By Analysts At Stifel Nicolaus According to an update released by analysts at Stifel Nicolaus the broker has now set a ‘Hold’ rating on shares of Proctor & Gamble (NYSE:PG) with a price target of 87. Stifel Nicolaus on Thursday reiterated Proctor & Gamble’s analyst rating as ‘Hold’ with its price target of 87 highlighting a potential decrease of -0.65% from Proctor & Gamble’s current price of 87.57. Over the last twelve months Proctor & Gamble’s stock price has increased from 77.45 to 87.57, a change of 13.07%. Proctor & Gamble has 2,556,477,000 shares in issue which have a share price of 87.57 giving Proctor & Gamble a market capitalisation of 223.87B USD. The company has a 50 day moving average of 90.23 and a 200 day moving average of 87.2. The 52 week high shares of Proctor & Gamble have reached is 92 whilst the 52 week low for the company’s shares is 79.37. The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. The Company owns and operates approximately 20 manufacturing sites located in over 20 states in the United States. In addition, it owns and operates over 100 manufacturing sites in approximately 40 countries. It offers products under the brands, such as Olay, Old Spice, Safeguard, Head & Shoulders, Pantene, Rejoice, Mach3, Prestobarba, Venus, Cascade, Dawn, Febreze, Mr. Clean, Bounty and Charmin. More from Reuters » Receive Proctor & Gamble News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Proctor & Gamble with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. Related News Trakm8 Holdings PLC (LON:TRAK) Receives Corporate Rating From Finncap Analysts Analysts At Berenberg Bank Reiterated Senior PLC (LON:SNR) As Buy SciSys PLC (LON:SSY) Receives Corporate Rating From Finncap Analysts Shares Of Royal Mail PLC (LON:RMG) Rated As Underperform By Analysts At Jefferies & Co Free Email Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with MarketBeat's FREE daily email newsletter: Home Business Economy Technology Entertainment Markets World Meet The Team | Terms & Conditions | About Us | Privacy Policy | Contact Us
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Rice Energy Inc (RICE) PT Set at $28.00 by Royal Bank of Canada Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Price Target Lowered to $87.00 at Stifel Nicolaus Schlumberger Limited. (SLB) Earns “Conviction-Buy” Rating from Goldman Sachs Group Inc Companhia Siderurgica Nacional (SID) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Range Resources Corp. (RRC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Banco Santander, S.A. (SAN) Rating Lowered to Neutral at Citigroup Inc Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Canadian National Railway (CNI) Boosted by National Bank Financial Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Crown Castle International Corp. (REIT) (CCI) Raised by Analyst Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Astec Industries, Inc. (ASTE) Cut by Analyst Zacks: Exponent, Inc. (EXPO) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Zacks: Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp. (AGM) Given $42.00 Average Price Target by Analysts $1.03 Earnings Per Share Expected for Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) This Quarter Advanced Photonix (API) Earning Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Aclaris Therapeutics (ACRS) Receiving Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Harvey Robinson Sells 10,000 Shares of BancFirst Co. (BANF) Stock Astrotech Corp (ASTC) Earning Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Doug Benn Sells 16,901 Shares of Cheesecake Factory Inc (CAKE) Stock Nigel Wilson Sells 5,605 Shares of Legal & General Group Plc (LGEN) Stock Boston Advisors LLC Sells 2,948 Shares of Weyerhaeuser Co (WY) WestRock Co (WRK) Issues Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.08 EPS Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Price Target Lowered to $87.00 at Stifel Nicolaus April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) had its target price reduced by investment analysts at Stifel Nicolaus from $88.00 to $87.00 in a research report issued on Thursday. The firm currently has a “hold” rating on the stock. Stifel Nicolaus’ target price suggests a potential downside of 0.84% from the stock’s current price. PG has been the topic of several other reports. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $101.00 target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research note on Thursday, March 16th. Royal Bank of Canada set a $76.00 target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Co and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, January 2nd. Citigroup Inc increased their target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Co from $100.00 to $102.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 24th. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Procter & Gamble Co from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Thursday, March 23rd. Finally, Vetr cut shares of Procter & Gamble Co from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $87.23 price objective on the stock. in a research report on Monday, February 27th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have issued a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the company. The company has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $91.80. Shares of Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) opened at 87.74 on Thursday. Procter & Gamble Co has a 52 week low of $79.37 and a 52 week high of $92.00. The company has a market cap of $224.31 billion, a PE ratio of 16.08 and a beta of 0.64. The company has a 50 day moving average of $90.23 and a 200 day moving average of $87.20. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The company reported $0.96 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.94 by $0.02. Procter & Gamble Co had a net margin of 23.44% and a return on equity of 18.58%. The business had revenue of $15.61 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $15.70 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $0.86 EPS. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down 1.0% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts expect that Procter & Gamble Co will post $3.85 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, May 15th. Investors of record on Friday, April 21st will be given a dividend of $0.6896 per share. This is a boost from Procter & Gamble Co’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.67. This represents a $2.76 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.14%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, April 19th. Procter & Gamble Co’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 48.73%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Price Target Lowered to $87.00 at Stifel Nicolaus” was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/procter-gamble-co-pg-price-target-lowered-to-87-00-at-stifel-nicolaus.html. In other Procter & Gamble Co news, insider Mohamed Samir Abde Abdelfattah sold 1,876 shares of Procter & Gamble Co stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $91.25, for a total value of $171,185.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 30,952 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,824,370. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, insider Juan Fernando Posada sold 7,000 shares of Procter & Gamble Co stock in a transaction dated Monday, January 30th. The stock was sold at an average price of $86.75, for a total transaction of $607,250.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 21,989 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,907,545.75. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders have sold 297,547 shares of company stock valued at $26,821,561. 0.35% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Empirical Finance LLC purchased a new position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter valued at about $101,000. American National Bank boosted its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 225.8% in the third quarter. American National Bank now owns 1,137 shares of the company’s stock valued at $102,000 after buying an additional 788 shares during the period. Asset Planning Services Ltd. boosted its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 79.7% in the first quarter. Asset Planning Services Ltd. now owns 1,186 shares of the company’s stock valued at $107,000 after buying an additional 526 shares during the period. Benson Investment Management Company Inc. purchased a new position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter valued at about $147,000. Finally, Edge Wealth Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 17.1% in the first quarter. Edge Wealth Management LLC now owns 1,640 shares of the company’s stock valued at $148,000 after buying an additional 240 shares during the period. 68.33% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Procter & Gamble Co Company Profile The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
NFL Partner Procter & Gamble Offers VIP Style Lounge for NFL Draft Prospects and their Families Braun, Gillette, Head & Shoulders, Old Spice, Secret and Pantene Providing Grooming and Beauty Services to Prepare Top Prospects and their Families for the Most Anticipated Moment of their careers Top NFL prospect, LSU safety Jamal Adams prepares for the NFL Draft with Head & Shoulders at the P&G VIP Style Lounge in Philadelphia. (Photo: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Top NFL prospect, LSU safety Jamal Adams prepares for the NFL Draft with Head & Shoulders at the P&G VIP Style Lounge in Philadelphia. (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail USC Quarterback Mitchell Trubisky gets ready for one of the biggest nights of his life at the NFL Draft with a Gillette Fusion ProShield shave at the P&G VIP Style Lounge in Philadelphia with his family Wednesday, April 26, 2017. (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Top NFL prospect, Alabama defensive end Jonathan Allen enjoys a shave with Braun Grooming Kit as he and his family get pampered and prepare for the bright lights at the NFL Draft at the P&G VIP Style Lounge. (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail April 27, 2017 08:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time PHILADELPHIA--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The future stars of the National Football League will have the moment of their dreams on stage tomorrow night, but first comes the preparation for the bright lights. The P&G VIP Style Lounge will welcome top prospects and their families with premier services to help them look and feel their best before primetime coverage begins from Philadelphia. Several beauty and male grooming brands like Gillette®, Old Spice®, Head & Shoulders®, Braun, Secret® and Pantene® will provide complimentary services at the VIP Salon including hair styling, shaving and grooming, makeup, and manicures and pedicures to ensure the next generation of NFL stars and their families shine. “Hearing your name called is one of those moments you constantly keep in mind when you’re grinding away during practice day after day,” said Jonathan Allen (Defensive End, University of Alabama). “I want to be prepared for that moment and Braun is making sure my facial hair is looking sharp for the bright lights. It’s a special time for my family and my new fiancée, and spending some time in the P&G VIP Style Lounge is going to have us looking and feeling our best heading into tomorrow night.” Allen is joined by others such as top quarterback prospects Mitch Trubisky (QB, UNC) and Deshone Kizer (QB, Notre Dame). “I rock a little scruff and have some goatee action going on every now and then, despite objections from most of my family and especially my mom,” said Trubisky. “Gillette is coming in during the clutch to help me out before tomorrow night, and as a result, keeping my mom happy too. The Trubiskys will be feeling good and rejuvenated after spending some time in the P&G VIP Style Lounge.” Gillette and Braun are providing clean shaves and facial hair grooming. Head & Shoulders is offering shampoos and hair styling to ensure confidence is shining through tomorrow night. Old Spice has brought its iconic scents, and Pantene and Secret are pampering moms, girlfriends and sisters of prospects with various services. The other top prospects expected at the P&G VIP Style Lounge include Malik Hooker (Safety, Ohio State), Deshaun Watson (QB, Clemson), and John Ross (WR, Washington). As was the case with last year’s Lounge, other prospects will stop by as part of the onsite draft festivities. The Lounge will be open Wednesday, April 26 and Thursday, April 27, ahead of the NFL Draft Red Carpet. “The P&G VIP Style Lounge is in its third year and we’re excited to now bring it to Philadelphia,” said P&G’s Janet Fletcher, Director, Sports Marketing. “It’s received great feedback from the prospects’ families over the last two years and we’re really happy with how our family of brands can help these athletes and their families prepare for a huge moment in their lives.” About Gillette For over 110 years, Gillette has delivered precision technology and unrivalled product performance – improving the lives of over 750 million men around the world. From shaving and body grooming, to skin care and sweat protection, Gillette offers a wide variety of products including razors, shave gel (gels, foams and creams), skin care, after shaves, antiperspirants, deodorants and body wash. For more information and the latest news on Gillette, visit http://www.gillette.com/. To see our full selection of products, visit http://www.gillette.com. About Old Spice Procter & Gamble’s Old Spice is the quintessential men’s grooming brand. With nearly 80 years as an American icon, Old Spice is the authority on the male grooming experience and has leveraged this heritage to become the No.1 selling anti-perspirant/deodorant stick and body wash brand with guys of all ages. Old Spice brings authenticity, performance and confidence to male grooming and offers a wide product portfolio for today’s man, including anti-perspirants, deodorants, bar soap, body washes, body sprays, after shaves and colognes. About Head & Shoulders With over 50 years of trailblazing innovation on scalp care, Head & Shoulders has established itself as the leader in dandruff protection and is the world’s #1 shampoo, used by 1.3 billion people across 140 countries. Head & Shoulders provides a broad range of cosmetic benefits and offers custom solutions for different hair types and scalp concerns. About Braun Braun, a subsidiary of Procter & Gamble founded in Germany in 1921, develops and manufactures a wide variety of small domestic appliances that marry technical innovation, reliable quality and distinctive design. These range from electric shavers to beauty products. Braun products enjoy worldwide distribution. Please visit http://www.braun.com for the latest news and in-depth information about the Braun brand. About Secret Secret was the first antiperspirant brand designed specifically for women, and for the past 60 years, Secret has been on the forefront of women’s lives, leading with innovation designed to provide superior odor and wetness protection. In 2007, the brand was first to market with Secret Clinical Strength, which offers an over-the-counter solution for prescription-strength antiperspirant. Through the years, the brand has been supporting women’s advancement by portraying confident, modern women in its campaigns and communications. As a continuation of these efforts, the brand’s newest campaign, “Stress Tested for Women,” celebrates progressive young women as they deal with the stress sweat caused by living in a world that expects less of them than they do of themselves. For more information visit Secret.com, or follow Secret on Facebook (Facebook.com/Secret ), Twitter (@SecretDeodorant), Instagram (@SecretDeodorant) and YouTube (YouTube.com/SecretDeodorant). About Pantene Pantene Pro-V, the world’s #1 hair care brand, includes 18 collections to help provide women with their most beautiful, healthy hair. The current Pantene Pro-V offerings include: Breakage Defense, Beautiful Lengths, Classic Clean, Color Revival, Curl Perfection, Damage Detox, Daily Moisture Renewal, Full & Strong, Ice Shine, Nature Fusion, Repair & Protect, Smooth & Sleek, Pro-V Style Series, Sheer Volume, Truly Natural, Truly Relaxed, and Ultimate 10. Pantene Expert offerings include: AgeDefy, Intense Colorcare, Intense Hydration, Intense Repair and Intense Smooth. Powered by 70 years of experience, 200 scientists and partnerships with 11 leading independent hair doctors from around the world, Pantene’s Pro-V Formula works inside and out for beautiful hair rooted in true, lasting health. About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. Contacts P&G Victoria D. Schooler, +1-513-634-0706 schooler.v@pg.com or Taylor Sade Ayodele, +1-212-714-5759 sayodele@taylorstrategy.com Contacts P&G Victoria D. Schooler, +1-513-634-0706 schooler.v@pg.com or Taylor Sade Ayodele, +1-212-714-5759 sayodele@taylorstrategy.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman NFL Partner Procter & Gamble Offers VIP Style Lounge for NFL Draft Prospects and their Families PHILADELPHIA–(BUSINESS WIRE)–The future stars of the National Football League will have the moment of their dreams on stage tomorrow night, but first comes the preparation for the bright lights. The P&G VIP Style Lounge will welcome top prospects and their families with premier services to help them look and feel their best before primetime coverage begins from Philadelphia. Several beauty and male grooming brands like Gillette®, Old Spice®, Head & Shoulders®, Braun, Secret® and Pantene® will provide complimentary services at the VIP Salon including hair styling, shaving and grooming, makeup, and manicures and pedicures to ensure the next generation of NFL stars and their families shine. “Hearing your name called is one of those moments you constantly keep in mind when you’re grinding away during practice day after day,” said Jonathan Allen (Defensive End, University of Alabama). “I want to be prepared for that moment and Braun is making sure my facial hair is looking sharp for the bright lights. It’s a special time for my family and my new fiancée, and spending some time in the P&G VIP Style Lounge is going to have us looking and feeling our best heading into tomorrow night.” Allen is joined by others such as top quarterback prospects Mitch Trubisky (QB, UNC) and Deshone Kizer (QB, Notre Dame). “I rock a little scruff and have some goatee action going on every now and then, despite objections from most of my family and especially my mom,” said Trubisky. “Gillette is coming in during the clutch to help me out before tomorrow night, and as a result, keeping my mom happy too. The Trubiskys will be feeling good and rejuvenated after spending some time in the P&G VIP Style Lounge.” Gillette and Braun are providing clean shaves and facial hair grooming. Head & Shoulders is offering shampoos and hair styling to ensure confidence is shining through tomorrow night. Old Spice has brought its iconic scents, and Pantene and Secret are pampering moms, girlfriends and sisters of prospects with various services. The other top prospects expected at the P&G VIP Style Lounge include Malik Hooker (Safety, Ohio State), Deshaun Watson (QB, Clemson), and John Ross (WR, Washington). As was the case with last year’s Lounge, other prospects will stop by as part of the onsite draft festivities. The Lounge will be open Wednesday, April 26 and Thursday, April 27, ahead of the NFL Draft Red Carpet. “The P&G VIP Style Lounge is in its third year and we’re excited to now bring it to Philadelphia,” said P&G’s Janet Fletcher, Director, Sports Marketing. “It’s received great feedback from the prospects’ families over the last two years and we’re really happy with how our family of brands can help these athletes and their families prepare for a huge moment in their lives.” About Gillette For over 110 years, Gillette has delivered precision technology and unrivalled product performance – improving the lives of over 750 million men around the world. From shaving and body grooming, to skin care and sweat protection, Gillette offers a wide variety of products including razors, shave gel (gels, foams and creams), skin care, after shaves, antiperspirants, deodorants and body wash. For more information and the latest news on Gillette, visit http://www.gillette.com/. To see our full selection of products, visit http://www.gillette.com. About Old Spice Procter & Gamble’s Old Spice is the quintessential men’s grooming brand. With nearly 80 years as an American icon, Old Spice is the authority on the male grooming experience and has leveraged this heritage to become the No.1 selling anti-perspirant/deodorant stick and body wash brand with guys of all ages. Old Spice brings authenticity, performance and confidence to male grooming and offers a wide product portfolio for today’s man, including anti-perspirants, deodorants, bar soap, body washes, body sprays, after shaves and colognes. About Head & Shoulders With over 50 years of trailblazing innovation on scalp care, Head & Shoulders has established itself as the leader in dandruff protection and is the world’s #1 shampoo, used by 1.3 billion people across 140 countries. Head & Shoulders provides a broad range of cosmetic benefits and offers custom solutions for different hair types and scalp concerns. About Braun Braun, a subsidiary of Procter & Gamble founded in Germany in 1921, develops and manufactures a wide variety of small domestic appliances that marry technical innovation, reliable quality and distinctive design. These range from electric shavers to beauty products. Braun products enjoy worldwide distribution. Please visit http://www.braun.com for the latest news and in-depth information about the Braun brand. About Secret Secret was the first antiperspirant brand designed specifically for women, and for the past 60 years, Secret has been on the forefront of women’s lives, leading with innovation designed to provide superior odor and wetness protection. In 2007, the brand was first to market with Secret Clinical Strength, which offers an over-the-counter solution for prescription-strength antiperspirant. Through the years, the brand has been supporting women’s advancement by portraying confident, modern women in its campaigns and communications. As a continuation of these efforts, the brand’s newest campaign, “Stress Tested for Women,” celebrates progressive young women as they deal with the stress sweat caused by living in a world that expects less of them than they do of themselves. For more information visit Secret.com, or follow Secret on Facebook (Facebook.com/Secret ), Twitter (@SecretDeodorant), Instagram (@SecretDeodorant) and YouTube (YouTube.com/SecretDeodorant). About Pantene Pantene Pro-V, the world’s #1 hair care brand, includes 18 collections to help provide women with their most beautiful, healthy hair. The current Pantene Pro-V offerings include: Breakage Defense, Beautiful Lengths, Classic Clean, Color Revival, Curl Perfection, Damage Detox, Daily Moisture Renewal, Full & Strong, Ice Shine, Nature Fusion, Repair & Protect, Smooth & Sleek, Pro-V Style Series, Sheer Volume, Truly Natural, Truly Relaxed, and Ultimate 10. Pantene Expert offerings include: AgeDefy, Intense Colorcare, Intense Hydration, Intense Repair and Intense Smooth. Powered by 70 years of experience, 200 scientists and partnerships with 11 leading independent hair doctors from around the world, Pantene’s Pro-V Formula works inside and out for beautiful hair rooted in true, lasting health. About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Sevenstep Adds Four Industry Leaders to Executive Team Next PostNext British Hospital Transforms Life-Changing Maxillofacial Surgeries With Stratasys 3D Printing Search Recent Posts 2nd Annual Afognak Youth Charity Golf Tournament Global High Pressure Laminate (HPL) Market Forecasts to 2021 and Analysis Global Outboard Electric Trolling Motor Market Analysis to 2021 and Forecasts 2017 Bike Commuter of the Year Winners Announced SARES REGIS Multifamily Fund Acquires 1,094 Apartments in Q4 2016 Proudly powered by WordPress
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times Stoxx 600 ▲ 387.79 -0.24%   Nikkei ▲ 19196.74 -0.29%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ 1/32 yield 2.294%   Crude Oil ▲ 49.47 1.02%   Euro ▲ 1.0886 0.12%   DJIA ▲ 20981.33 0.03%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Alphabet’s Revenue Marches Higher Again Amazon Posts Bigger-Than-Expected Increase in Profit Starbucks Misses Growth Expectations in U.S. Stores Third Point Calls for Honeywell to Spin Off Aerospace Unit United Reaches Settlement With Passenger Dragged Off Flight GM Earnings: What to Watch Microsoft’s Office 365, Cloud Businesses Power Earnings Uber Interviews for a Crucial Job: Handling Travis Kalanick Intel Profit Rises Higher Costs Take a Toll on Airlines China Circuit Venture-Capital Quandary: Too Much Money Chasing Too Few Ideas https://www.wsj.com/articles/procter-gambles-claim-of-irresistible-superiority-baffles-analysts-1493251296 Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Business CFO Journal Procter & Gamble’s Claim of ‘Irresistible Superiority’ Baffles Analysts CFO Jon Moeller uses catchphrase to describe strategy, after quarterly net income slides Tide laundry detergent, a product distributed by Procter & Gamble. The company says its products deliver ‘irresistibly superiority.’ Photo: © mario anzuoni / reuters/Reuters By Rheaa Rao April 26, 2017 8:01 p.m. ET 14 COMMENTS Procter & Gamble Co.’s PG -0.06% strategy to boost sales is simply “irresistible,” if you listen to the finance chief. CFO Jon Moeller used the phrase “irresistibly superior” 17 times and “irresistible superiority” six times during Wednesday’s earnings call. “Tide PODS and Downy Unstopables scent beads are great examples of products that deliver irresistible superiority,” Mr. Moeller said. “Using these products change consumers’ views of what’s possible in the fabric-care category.” Related From Diapers to Soda, Big Brands Feel Pinch as Consumers Pull Back The company plans to introduce new packaging and improved products formulations that would draw in consumers with its “irresistible superiority,” the CFO said. It isn’t the first time an executive at the maker of laundry detergent, skin products and razors used the term to describe its plan to boost sales and inspire consumer loyalty. Procter & Gamble has been under pressure to increase its profits after it shed some brands in an attempt to gain focus. P&G reported net income of $2.52 billion, or 93 cents a share, for the quarter ended March 31, down from earnings of $2.75 billion, or 97 cents a share, a year earlier. Sales slipped to $15.61 billion from $15.78 billion a year ago. Still, some analysts are resisting the catchphrase. “I don’t think they understand it,” said Ali Dibadj, partner and analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. “In many different ways they said it isn’t about share gains, and it isn’t about hiking the price.” That leaves few options for delivering growth, he said. Others questioned the CFO’s assertion that the strategy would deliver value. Mr. Moeller used the term to explain how the company intends to “drive people to buy its brands more because it is worth more—whatever that means,” said Mark Astrachan, an analyst at Stifel Nicolaus & Co. “In a slower growth macro environment, we are establishing an even higher standard of excellence—that of irresistible superiority for our products and packages,” said a company spokeswoman in an email. “Irresistible superiority means our products are so good, consumers don’t ever want to part with them.” The finance chief indicated the company intends to expand market share in the various product categories it competes in, including beauty, grooming and home-care products. This might be a challenge as sales of certain lines are declining due to changing consumer preferences. Organic sales for P&G’s grooming segment fell 6% in its latest fiscal quarter. Trian Fund Management LP, a large activist investor, recently built a more than $3 billion stake in P&G. It isn’t clear what changes the fund would advocate, if any. Trian declined to comment. “It becomes harder to grow, the bigger you get,” Mr. Astrachan said. “Smaller often means more agile, faster decision making.” Write to Rheaa Rao at rheaa.rao@wsj.com Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Most Popular Videos Film Trailer: 'Dunkirk' China Launches First Home-Built Aircraft Carrier Film Trailer: 'The Beguiled' French Election: Who Is Marine Le Pen? Tick and Lyme Disease Season Is Here: Worse Than Ever Most Popular Articles U.S. Stocks Edge Up, Buoyed by Tech Sector How a CEO Made Millions From a Sinking Ship United Reaches Settlement With Passenger Dragged Off Flight Next Tax Battle: Trump’s Bid to Ax a Favorite Blue State Deduction Dwayne Johnson Rocks the New Hollywood SHOW COMMENTS HIDE COMMENTS (14) Failed to load comments Show More Archives Advertisement Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Film Trailer: 'Dunkirk' China Launches First Home-Built Aircraft Carrier Film Trailer: 'The Beguiled' French Election: Who Is Marine Le Pen? Tick and Lyme Disease Season Is Here: Worse Than Ever Most Popular Articles U.S. Stocks Edge Up, Buoyed by Tech Sector How a CEO Made Millions From a Sinking Ship United Reaches Settlement With Passenger Dragged Off Flight Next Tax Battle: Trump’s Bid to Ax a Favorite Blue State Deduction Dwayne Johnson Rocks the New Hollywood Close Procter & Gamble’s claim of ‘irresistible superiority’ baffles analysts By Rheaa Rao CFO Jon Moeller uses catchphrase to describe strategy, after quarterly net income slides From To Message SEND Thank you This article has been sent to Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman P&G Tmall Global Flagship Store Partners with Tmall Global to Launch a Creative Marketing Campaign in China SHANGHAI and BEIJING, April 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Nowadays, Chinese consumers no longer merely ask for good quality products – their needs have been extended to better consumer experiences. Consumption upgrading has become a hot topic in the industry. Offering inviting content to consumers in ways they like, namely, understanding and following the latest consumer trends, is undoubtedly one of the most important marketing tactics for brands to utilize in order to adapt to these changes. P&G Tmall Global Flagship Store recently partnered with Tmall Global to look for smart people by posting Missing Person Notices in six major commercial areas in Beijing and Shanghai. By scanning a certain QR code, people would see an invitation to address three big challenges — capturing the smell of sunshine, cleaning the CCTV Headquarters skyscraper and draining the Huangpu River — which were so creative that they drew immediate, widespread attention from consumers. There were over 10,000 participants in just 1.5 hours after these notices were posted. The participating consumers offered great and even incredible ideas. Missing Person Notices in Beijing (Left) and Shanghai (Right) P&G Global Quiz — the Page of a HTML5-based Interactive Game Always Infinity Flex Foam Pads, JOY Compact Dishwashing Liquid and BOLD Platinum Clean Laundry Liquid. And this was just the beginning. Several days later, the two partners revealed the solutions for these challenges via live stream on the Tmall platform — the solutions were three products from the P&G Tmall Global Flagship Store, including the BOLD Platinum Clean Laundry Liquid, JOY Compact Dishwashing Liquid and Always Infinity Flex Foam Pads. Can you imagine that the CCTV Headquarters skyscraper can be cleaned with only 377 200-ml bottles of JOY Compact Dishwashing Liquid? This creative „contents + situation” marketing campaign is so cool and novel. The popularity of this event can be attributed to such interesting topics as cleaning the CCTV Headquarters and draining the Huangpu River, which aroused consumers’ curiosity. And the creative idea of finding smart people made consumers even more willing to participate. Moreover, stylish media, such as live streaming and an HTML5-based interactive game, added to the fun of this campaign, bringing P&G closer to consumers while improving their experiences. In order to win consumers’ hearts in the era of Internet +, a brand should fully use big data in addition to emotive content and creative occasions, and then rapidly meet consumers’ demands. Consumption upgrading needs to leverage various channels including products, technologies and platforms in a consumer-centric manner. And this is where both P&G and Alibaba are experts. Take the current trend of Chinese consumers purchasing foreign products online, for example. To satisfy consumer needs for such shopping, P&G opened the P&G Tmall Global Flagship Store at Tmall Global in 2015. With insight into consumers, it has been presenting Chinese consumers with top-level products, of which there are already nearly 150 kinds. To better improve consumer experiences, the P&G Tmall Global Flagship Store also leverages new technologies, such as live streaming, virtual reality (VR) and augmented reality (AR), to create new and interesting ways to shop. The store tries its best to develop fascinating content through various platforms, as well as to improve the supply chain with its partners. All these efforts aim to provide consumers with even better experiences, thereby adapting to the changes in their choices and decisions. „Given rapidly changing consumer habits, Tmall Global has initiated a series of campaigns with many partners for new retail services globally,” said Liu Peng, General Manager of Tmall Global. „Our target is to serve over 100 million consumers of the rising middle class who love to purchase foreign products online. And we are dedicated to supporting large FMCG companies to pave the way for them to promote new brands and products. With Alibaba’s powerful ecosystem, Tmall Global is conducting precise marketing and integrating online and offline systems to not only continue our support for major brands, but also accelerate cooperation with new ones.” Who will become the industry leader in this consumption upgrade era? It depends on who is the quickest to grasp consumers’ demands while gaining the deepest understanding of consumers and is able to communicate with them in their favorite ways. After all, more and more consumers have their respective „labels„, with a focus on the expression of personality. Only by having strong emotional ties with them can a brand win their recognition and acceptance. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pg-tmall-global-flagship-store-partners-with-tmall-global-to-launch-a-creative-marketing-campaign-in-china-300447047.html SOURCE P&G CategoriesUncategorized TagsLicensing, New Products & Services Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Cabot Microelectronics Corporation Reports Strong Results for Second Quarter of Fiscal 2017 Next PostNext „Friend of Folly” Campaign Launched to Smooth Peak Season Experience Search Recent Posts Rich People Are More Likely to Engage in the Threesome Lifestyle, 3somer’s Study Finds Electrolux Interim Report January – March 2017 Medical Manifolds Market Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017 Retirement of Repurchased own Shares Electrolux Capital Markets Day on November 16, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Castleark Management LLC Has $211,000 Position in Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in AT&T Inc. (T) Castleark Management LLC Has $320,000 Position in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Cuts Position in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) AQR Capital Management LLC Purchases Shares of 15,426 Kronos Worldwide, Inc. (KRO) AQR Capital Management LLC Has $175,000 Stake in IAMGOLD Corp (IAG) AQR Capital Management LLC Acquires New Position in CalAmp Corp. (CAMP) AQR Capital Management LLC Invests $208,000 in AeroVironment, Inc. (AVAV) AQR Capital Management LLC Continues to Hold Position in Preferred Apartment Communities Inc. (APTS) 4,318 Shares in PriceSmart, Inc. (PSMT) Acquired by Guggenheim Capital LLC Guggenheim Capital LLC Boosts Position in Cheetah Mobile Inc (CMCM) Seaport Global Securities Research Analysts Lift Earnings Estimates for Rush Enterprises, Inc. (RUSHA) Yum! Brands, Inc. (YUM) Coverage Initiated at BMO Capital Markets William Hill (WIMHY) Lifted to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Stifel Nicolaus Reiterates Buy Rating for TherapeuticsMD Inc (TXMD) MTY Food Group Inc (MTY) Given “Hold” Rating at TD Securities Mullen Group Ltd (MTL) PT Lowered to C$19.00 at BMO Capital Markets United States Steel Co. (X) Lifted to “Neutral” at Macquarie Citigroup Inc Increases Zayo Group Holdings Inc (ZAYO) Price Target to $43.00 Yum! Brands, Inc. (YUM) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Castleark Management LLC Has $320,000 Position in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Castleark Management LLC held its stake in Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 3,800 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the fourth quarter. Castleark Management LLC’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Co were worth $320,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other large investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in PG. American National Bank boosted its stake in Procter & Gamble Co by 225.8% in the third quarter. American National Bank now owns 1,137 shares of the company’s stock valued at $102,000 after buying an additional 788 shares during the last quarter. Empirical Finance LLC acquired a new stake in Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter valued at $101,000. Benson Investment Management Company Inc. acquired a new stake in Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter valued at $147,000. JJJ Advisors Inc. acquired a new stake in Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter valued at $149,000. Finally, Riverpoint Wealth Management Holdings LLC acquired a new stake in Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter valued at $211,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 68.33% of the company’s stock. Shares of Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) opened at 87.74 on Thursday. Procter & Gamble Co has a 12-month low of $79.37 and a 12-month high of $92.00. The firm has a market capitalization of $224.31 billion, a P/E ratio of 16.08 and a beta of 0.64. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $90.23 and a 200-day moving average price of $87.20. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) last released its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, April 26th. The company reported $0.96 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.94 by $0.02. Procter & Gamble Co had a net margin of 23.44% and a return on equity of 18.58%. The business earned $15.61 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $15.70 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $0.86 EPS. Procter & Gamble Co’s revenue was down 1.0% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts predict that Procter & Gamble Co will post $3.85 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, May 15th. Investors of record on Friday, April 21st will be paid a $0.6896 dividend. This represents a $2.76 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.14%. This is a positive change from Procter & Gamble Co’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.67. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, April 19th. Procter & Gamble Co’s payout ratio is currently 48.73%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/castleark-management-llc-has-320000-position-in-procter-gamble-co-pg.html. Several equities research analysts have weighed in on the company. B. Riley restated a “buy” rating and set a $106.00 target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research note on Saturday, January 28th. Vetr upgraded Procter & Gamble Co from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $94.67 target price for the company in a research note on Wednesday. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “buy” rating and set a $103.00 target price (up from $101.00) on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Procter & Gamble Co from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 12th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada restated a “hold” rating and set a $80.00 target price on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research note on Monday. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have assigned a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Procter & Gamble Co currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $91.75. In other news, insider Juan Fernando Posada sold 7,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, January 30th. The shares were sold at an average price of $86.75, for a total transaction of $607,250.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 21,989 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,907,545.75. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, SVP Valarie L. Sheppard sold 23,512 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Friday, February 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $90.63, for a total transaction of $2,130,892.56. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 297,547 shares of company stock valued at $26,821,561 over the last quarter. 0.35% of the stock is owned by company insiders. Procter & Gamble Co Company Profile The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Castleark Management LLC Has $211,000 Position in Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in AT&T Inc. (T) Castleark Management LLC Has $320,000 Position in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Cuts Position in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) AQR Capital Management LLC Purchases Shares of 15,426 Kronos Worldwide, Inc. (KRO) AQR Capital Management LLC Has $175,000 Stake in IAMGOLD Corp (IAG) AQR Capital Management LLC Acquires New Position in CalAmp Corp. (CAMP) AQR Capital Management LLC Invests $208,000 in AeroVironment, Inc. (AVAV) AQR Capital Management LLC Continues to Hold Position in Preferred Apartment Communities Inc. (APTS) 4,318 Shares in PriceSmart, Inc. (PSMT) Acquired by Guggenheim Capital LLC Guggenheim Capital LLC Boosts Position in Cheetah Mobile Inc (CMCM) Seaport Global Securities Research Analysts Lift Earnings Estimates for Rush Enterprises, Inc. (RUSHA) Yum! Brands, Inc. (YUM) Coverage Initiated at BMO Capital Markets William Hill (WIMHY) Lifted to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Stifel Nicolaus Reiterates Buy Rating for TherapeuticsMD Inc (TXMD) MTY Food Group Inc (MTY) Given “Hold” Rating at TD Securities Mullen Group Ltd (MTL) PT Lowered to C$19.00 at BMO Capital Markets United States Steel Co. (X) Lifted to “Neutral” at Macquarie Citigroup Inc Increases Zayo Group Holdings Inc (ZAYO) Price Target to $43.00 Yum! Brands, Inc. (YUM) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Cuts Position in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky decreased its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) by 6.1% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 330,815 shares of the company’s stock after selling 21,600 shares during the period. Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Co were worth $27,815,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. American National Bank boosted its stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 225.8% in the third quarter. American National Bank now owns 1,137 shares of the company’s stock worth $102,000 after buying an additional 788 shares during the period. Empirical Finance LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter worth $101,000. Benson Investment Management Company Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter worth $147,000. JJJ Advisors Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter worth $149,000. Finally, Riverpoint Wealth Management Holdings LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter worth $211,000. Institutional investors own 68.33% of the company’s stock. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) opened at 87.74 on Thursday. The company’s 50-day moving average is $90.23 and its 200-day moving average is $87.20. Procter & Gamble Co has a 12 month low of $79.37 and a 12 month high of $92.00. The company has a market cap of $224.31 billion, a P/E ratio of 16.08 and a beta of 0.64. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) last released its earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The company reported $0.96 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.94 by $0.02. The company had revenue of $15.61 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $15.70 billion. Procter & Gamble Co had a net margin of 23.44% and a return on equity of 18.58%. Procter & Gamble Co’s revenue was down 1.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $0.86 EPS. On average, equities research analysts expect that Procter & Gamble Co will post $3.85 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, May 15th. Shareholders of record on Friday, April 21st will be given a dividend of $0.6896 per share. This represents a $2.76 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.14%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, April 19th. This is an increase from Procter & Gamble Co’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.67. Procter & Gamble Co’s payout ratio is currently 48.73%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Cuts Position in Procter & Gamble Co (PG)” was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/teachers-retirement-system-of-the-state-of-kentucky-cuts-position-in-procter-gamble-co-pg.html. A number of equities research analysts have weighed in on PG shares. B. Riley cut shares of Procter & Gamble Co from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and cut their price objective for the stock from $106.00 to $91.00 in a report on Monday, March 6th. Jefferies Group LLC upped their price objective on shares of Procter & Gamble Co from $99.00 to $101.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, February 15th. Royal Bank of Canada set a $76.00 price objective on shares of Procter & Gamble Co and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, January 2nd. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Procter & Gamble Co from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, March 29th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc cut shares of Procter & Gamble Co from a “neutral” rating to a “sell” rating and cut their price objective for the stock from $86.00 to $77.00 in a report on Monday, January 9th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have issued a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company. Procter & Gamble Co presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $91.75. In other Procter & Gamble Co news, CFO Jon R. Moeller sold 3,411 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $91.21, for a total transaction of $311,117.31. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, CEO David S. Taylor sold 38,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, February 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $88.55, for a total transaction of $3,364,900.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders have sold 297,547 shares of company stock worth $26,821,561. 0.35% of the stock is owned by insiders. About Procter & Gamble Co The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
WWD logo x WWD logo search Close SUBSCRIBE TO WWD logo Fashion Alejandra Echeverría Creates T-shirt Line Peter Marino Collaborates on Pens With Caran d'Ache The Weeknd's Fashion Focus Bridget Foley's Diary: Window Dressing the Barneys Way — Fearlessly Fashion Trends Fashion Features Fashion Scoops Designer & Luxury Ready-To-Wear Sportswear Intimates Activewear Textiles Denim Street Style Business Miu Miu’s Pre-Fall 2017 Campaign: Room 303 Moda Operandi, Cabana Launch Homeware Collection Exclusive: Gwyneth Paltrow and Anna Wintour to Create New Magazine Think Tank: What Luxury Retailers Need to Know About Progressive Web Financial Government & Trade Mergers & Acquisitions Legal Human Resources Marketing & Promotion Retail Markets Media Beauty Goop to Open First Beauty Pop-up Aaron Taylor-Johnson Named Face of Gentleman Givenchy Scent Britain's Blow Secures Unilever Ventures Investment, Plans Expansion Verb to Launch in Urban Outfitters, Readies for International Growth Beauty Features Skin Care Fragrance Color Cosmetics Hair Men’s Gosha Rubchinskiy to Show in Saint Petersburg, Russia DXL Adds Mo Vaughn's MVP Collections Big and Tall Line At Work: Nicolas Dorval-Bory, Architect Jason Derulo, Antonio Brown Go Behind the Scenes at LVL XIII Fall Campaign Retail/Business Fashion Lifestyle Designer & Luxury Sportswear Clothing/Furnishings Runway Sabrina Dahan Bridal Spring 2018 Elizabeth Fillmore Bridal Spring 2018 Randi Rahm Bridal Spring 2018 Michael Kors Collection Fur 2017 2017 Fall Ready-to-Wear 2017 Men’s Fall Collections 2017 Pre-Fall 2017 Men’s Spring Collections 2017 Resort 2017 Spring Ready-to-Wear Accessories 'Old-school' Parisian Shoe Brand Lures American Youth Set March Swiss Watch Exports Grow for First Time in More Than 18 Months Safilo Group Names Eugenio Razelli Chairman Edie Parker's First Store Celebrates Everything Acrylic Jewelry Footwear Handbags Leather Goods Watches Eyewear Hats, Gloves and More Eye Scott Conant's Fusco Opens in Flatiron Ferragamo Goes Millennial at Uomo Fragrance Launch With Ben Barnes John Demsey, Tamron Hall Honored at Housing Works Dinner Elyse Walker Puts Her Sprawling Mexico Mansion Up for Sale for Close to $7M Parties People Lifestyle Real Estate Dirt … Fairchild Live Retail Markets Media Classifieds Careers Follow Us twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest Advertise About WWD logo Terms & Conditions © Copyright 2017  -  Penske Media Corporation Today's Digital Daily WWD logo Sections Fashion. Beauty. Business. Subscribe Log in search Fashion Fashion Trends Fashion Features Fashion Scoops Designer & Luxury Ready-To-Wear Sportswear Intimates Activewear Textiles Denim Street Style Business Financial Government & Trade Mergers & Acquisitions Legal Human Resources Marketing & Promotion Retail Markets Media Beauty Beauty Features Skin Care Fragrance Color Cosmetics Hair Men’s Retail/Business Fashion Lifestyle Designer & Luxury Sportswear Clothing/Furnishings Runway 2017 Fall Ready-to-Wear 2017 Men’s Fall Collections 2017 Pre-Fall 2017 Men’s Spring Collections 2017 Resort 2017 Spring Ready-to-Wear Accessories Jewelry Footwear Handbags Leather Goods Watches Eyewear Hats, Gloves and More Eye Parties People Lifestyle Real Estate Dirt Fairchild Live Retail Markets Media Classifieds Careers Business David Simon Lets Loose, Defends Malls clock 9h • Evan Clark Business J.C. Penney, Google Tell Trump to Keep Reform-Minded Patent Leader clock 11h • Kali Hays Business Investors Shrug Off Under Armour First Loss clock 9h • Kali Hays Eye Celebrity Real Estate Vidal Sassoon’s Cincinnati Treehouse-Style Home Hits Market, Asking $1.25M The legendary hairdresser and his fourth wife bought two homes in the city. By Kathryn Hopkins on April 28, 2017 Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk While the late British-born legendary hairdresser Vidal Sassoon is often linked with Los Angeles’ glamorous Bel Air neighborhood, a little known fact is that Cincinnati also had a place in his heart. It all started when rights to his name and image were sold to Procter & Gamble and he was contractually obliged to spend some time in the Ohio city where the consumer goods giant is headquartered, according to broker Lee Robinson of Robinson Sotheby’s International Realty. It was there he met his fourth wife, Cincinnati native Rhonda “Ronnie” Holbrook, who worked on a P&G account at a local marketing firm, and they ended up buying two homes in the Mt. Adams neighborhood. While PropertyShark’s records show that their first home was sold in 2007 for $900,000, the second, which they bought for $1.2 million in 2006, has just been listed for sale with a barely inflated $1.25 million price tag. And if the listing pictures are anything to go by, it wasn’t just the architecture of the bob that Sassoon, who died in 2012, was interested in as the property is also architecturally significant for the area. After all, he once told ‘Architectural Digest’ that “architects have always been my heroes.” The pale brick-clad contemporary four-story, 4,966-square-foot home was designed by well-known local architect Carl Strauss in 1966 and is believed to be the first home in the area with an elevator to all floors. The unique home gives you the feeling of living in a tree house, thanks to its hilltop location high overlooking trees and boasts three balconies offering views of the Ohio River and Downtown Cincinnati. Features of the four-bedroom, two-bathroom property include spacious rooms, vaulted ceilings, three fireplaces, brick walls, large windows which allow lots of natural light and a grand central staircase. Of Ronnie’s decision to sell, Robinson said she’s not in the city very often as she has homes in Los Angeles, New York and Connecticut. She sold their Richard Neutra-designed mansion in Bel Air for $16.5 million in 2012, according to Zillow. You're missing something! Activate your FREE PREVIEW now. Real Estate Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk load comments blog comments powered by Disqus Essentialist Today's Must Read Business Kering CEO Sees Positive Outlook as Gucci Soars clock 9h • Joelle Diderich Latest Galleries Douglas Kirkland Describes ‘Highly Sexual’ Marilyn Monroe Photo Shoot Michael Kors Collection Fur 2017 They Are Wearing: Kingpins Amsterdam FREE ALERTS & NEWSLETTERS SIGN UP PRIVACY POLICY Social Studies @wwd With the Met Gala just a few days away, we're taking a look back at Rei Kawakubo's career. Pictured is Comme des Garçons fall 2012. See more on WWD.com. (📷: @zefashioninsider) @wwd Zoë Kravitz and Riley Keough hosted a Tiffany & Co. jewelry preview party last night for the new "Tiffany HardWear" collection. #wwdeye (📷: @andreasbranchphotography) @wwd Shoe detail at Marchesa Notte's spring bridal presentation. #wwdfashion (📷: @ovidiuhrubaru) @wwd Sarah Jessica Parker and Alexander McQueen at the 2006 Met Gala. With the big day just around the corner, we're taking a look back at the most memorable designer and celebs #MetGala moments. See more on WWD.com. (📷: @jimiceleste) @wwd Denim for days at the Kingpins Tradeshow in Amsterdam. #theyarewearing (📷: @teampeterstigter) @wwd Classic leather is getting a colorful touch for fall 2017. #wwdfashion (📷: @hannahkhymych; Styled by @elmercer) @wwd Just married via Oscar de la Renta. #wwdfashion (📷: Robin Banica) @wwd Festival street style. Who's ready for Coachella weekend 2? #theyarewearing (📷: @katiedaisyla) @wwd Looks like the Nineties are making a comeback. #wwdfashion 📷: @timothy_smith_) @wwd Jourdan Dunn at the Nylon Midnight Garden Party. #wwdeye (📷: @chelsealaurenla) More From Our Brands Footwear News The 9 Best Athleisure Items on Sale at Amazon Right Now 4h Ago Fairchild Live 2017 WWD Beauty Summit 3 months Ago Variety Sony Annual Profits Halved as Pictures Division Loses $719 Million 3h Ago BGR This blind test lets you work out which smartphone camera is best 30m Ago Never Miss a Fashion Moment Subscribe Today WWD down caret About Us Advertising Careers Classifieds WWD Magic Legal down caret Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions FAQ Digital Daily FAQ Customer Service down caret WWD Subscriptions twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest © Copyright 2017  -  Penske Media Corporation twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest ad
Topics Retail Content Marketing Data/Analytics Customer Experience Direct Mail/Postal Digital Email Mobile Omnichannel/Multichannel Social Media B2B Marketing Podcasts Resources Essential Guides eBooks eBooks Descriptions Datamine Whitepapers Jobs Directory Events Caples Awards DMN Awards Marketing Hall of Femme Webcasts DMN Facebook DMN Twitter DMN LinkedIn DMN Google Plus DMN Pinterest Archive Subscribe Log in | Register DMN > Sections > Topics > Marketing Strategy > Fem or Foe: Do Brands Promoting Femvertising Actually Practice What They Preach? Elyse Dupre, Special Features Editor April 27, 2017 Fem or Foe: Do Brands Promoting Femvertising Actually Practice What They Preach? Share this content: facebook twitter linkedin google Email Print Photo: Dove's Campaign for Real Beauty Advertising has long been a men's game. You can't even spell the word advertisement without “men” in it. But more and more advertisers are rethinking the ways they portray women in campaigns and how women respond to them — so much so, in fact, that the industry has introduced a new term: femvertising. SheKnows Media, the women's lifestyle media company that coined the term, defines femvertising as “advertising that employs pro-female talent, messages, and imagery to empower women and girls.” It's not a cry for brands to portray women as better than men. It's a call-to-action to show both genders accurately and equally. “As we evolve the concept of femvertising, it's really going towards more equality…of the genders through media and advertising,” says Samantha Skey, president and chief revenue officer of SheKnows Media. Several factors have contributed to the femvertising movement — “none of which are just for the betterment of mankind or womankind,” Skey says. She points to consumer demand and interest, as well as to conversations sparked from social media and Sheryl Sandberg's book Lean In. But the main drivers, she says, are concerns for how advertisers influence the next generation of women and girls and how brands impact the way women view themselves today. Consider: A SheKnows Media study found that 90% of women surveyed say ads that show women as sex symbols are harmful, and a survey by beauty brand Dove revealed that 69% of women polled say increasing pressures from advertising and media to reach unrealistic beauty standards produce appearance anxiety. Marc Pritchard, chief brand officer for consumer packaged goods giant P&G, believes that advertising can be a “force of good” — and he would know. P&G's feminine hygiene brand Always became the golden child of femvertising when it launched its #LikeAGirl campaign in 2014 and turned the common insult of doing something “like a girl” into an empowering phrase. “We reach five billion people on the planet every day with our 65 brands, and advertising has an impact on how people see themselves,” Pritchard said at the 2017 Tina Brown Women in the World Summit in New York. “And therefore, as the largest advertiser, we can be a force for good.” Still, like all advertising, brands launch femvertising campaigns to ultimately sell products. The SheKnows Media survey found that 53% of consumers say they'll make purchases because they like how women are portrayed in a brand's ad. And at the Women in the World Summit, Pritchard said that ads that portray gender equality have a 26% higher purchase intent rating. While brands have a financial motivation to engage in femvertising, it's important to see if their marketing messages are matched by their internal structures, like hiring practices, corporate programs, and donations. In other words, are brands marketing this kind of gender equality messaging actually practicing what they're preaching, or are they just jumping on the feminist bandwagon to make a buck? This article will take a closer look at three brands' femvertising campaigns and analyze whether these companies are walking the walk or just talking the talk. Dove If there's one brand that's synonymous with femvertising, it's Unilever's beauty brand Dove. Nick Soukas, VP of marketing for Dove, says it's been 60 years since the brand debuted its Dove Beauty Bar, and the brand is working to make the standards of beauty more inclusive, such as by launching Dove Real Beauty Productions: a "collaborative studio" initiative done in partnership with TV producer Shonda Rhimes that helps women share their personal beauty stories through film.  But Dove's first foray into femvertising dates back to 2004 when it launched the “Campaign for Real Beauty.” Soukas says the campaign was born out of research the brand commissioned that found that only 2% of surveyed women described themselves as beautiful. For Soukas, these findings highlighted something bigger than the brand; they highlighted a societal issue. The definition of beauty was becoming “unattainable” and “limiting,” he said, and women had gotten used to “blonde, skinny, blue-eyed” models as being the industry standard. “Women were not seeing themselves represented in advertising,” Soukas stated in an email interview. “And as a global beauty brand, we felt a deep responsibility to change this. “ Soukas said Dove wanted to broaden the definition of beauty and have it serve as “a source of confidence” rather than a source of anxiety. So, the brand created a series of billboards highlighting women with different physical attributes — most of which didn't match advertisers' traditional standards of beauty. The billboards asked consumers to judge these women's physical appearances by checking one of two tick boxes. A billboard featuring a woman with freckles asked viewers to indicate whether the woman was “flawed” or “flawless,” for instance, while an ad featuring a woman with gray hair asked if she was “gray” or “gorgeous.” Consumers could cast their votes by visiting the campaign's website. Then in 2005, Dove kicked off the second phase of “Campaign for Real Beauty” by featuring six real women with relatable bodies and curves in its advertisements. These ads drove people to CampaignForRealBeauty.com where they could discuss relevant beauty issues. According to DMN's sister publication Campaign, the ads drove a 700% increase in Dove firming product sales during the first half of the year.  Dove has been promoting this type of femvertising ever since and has caught the attention of millions of consumers. More than 50 million people viewed Dove's 2013 "Real Beauty Sketches" ad within 12 days of its release, according to Dove, and its 2016 “My Beauty, My Say” spot has more than 12.9 million views on Dove's U.S. YouTube channel. Soukas also noted that the number of women who consider themselves beautiful has increased from 2% to 4%. Dove has continued to profit from this femvertising movement, too. Although Soukas said Dove doesn't disclose sales information, Ad Age reported that the brand's sales increased from $2.5 billion in the first year of “Campaign for Real Beauty” to $4 billion in 2014. But Soukas doesn't consider Dove's femvertising profits a bad thing. In fact, he describes it as a win-win for both the brand and its consumers. “We truly believe profit and purpose can work well together to achieve the right balance,” he said, “and we are proud to have a brand mission that makes sense for our business and provides a wider benefit to society. When consumers choose Dove's products, they are helping to support the Dove brand's vision to create a world where beauty is a source of confidence, not anxiety.” Profits aside, one has to wonder if Dove actually lives by its own pro-female messaging. In many cases, it does. Dove launched several female empowerment initiatives after its “Campaign for Real Beauty.” In 2006, it launched the Dove Self Esteem project — a program that aims to promote positive self-image and confidence in the next generation of women. According to Soukas, Dove has reached more than 20 million young people through this type of education, and it intends to reach an additional 20 million by 2020. The brand also committed to “The Dove Real Beauty Pledge,” which promises to feature “real women” (not models) in all of its advertisements, avoid digital distortion, and encourage body confidence and self-esteem. In addition, Unilever's executive team has a strong female presence. According to the company's website, five out of 10 of Unilever's executive leaders are women. Still, no brand has a perfect track record, and it can be difficult to home in on the right message. For instance, media companies condemned Dove for tricking women into thinking patches could improve self esteem and for making them appear so gullible in the “Dove: Patches” ad. Others criticized the brand for conveying that high self-esteem is only achieved through feeling beautiful (as opposed to feeling funny or smart) in Dove's “Choose Beautiful” campaign. Whatever the response, Soukas values feedback. “Our relationship with real women and girls is our greatest pride, and we take their feedback into great consideration,” he said. “With each campaign, we work to deepen our relationship with women and, no matter the response, we continue to move toward our goal of inspiring a world where beauty is a source of confidence, not anxiety.” Other speculation has stemmed from ads produced by Dove's sister brand Axe. Sexualization is a recurring theme in many of the male grooming brand's advertisements, which often feature attractive models and suggestive messages like “the cleaner you are, the dirtier you get.” This stark contrast to Dove's pro-female campaigns has made people question how authentic Unilever's messaging can be. “How could the same company that launched Dove's Campaign for Real Beauty…be behind the arguable degrading depictions of females in ads for Axe?” read a case study written by Northwestern's Kellogg School of Management that was cited in U.S. News and World Report. While Dove issued a statement saying Unilever tailors its brand efforts to “reflect the unique interests and needs” of each respective audience, it looks like the company is changing Axe's tone. According to Unilever's 2016 Annual Reports and Accounts, Axe is taking a more "progressive" stance on masculinity and attractiveness. This is exemplified in its 2016 “Find Your Magic” campaign — an ad that encourages men to embrace personal style and go against traditional standards of masculinity.  Axe is also participating in Unilever's #UnStereotype initiative — a call-to-action for all Unilever brands to avoid dated, stereotypical portrayals of different genders in its ads. “In 2016, we listened to consumers and looked at the way we portray gender in our advertising and realized we needed to change,” Unilever stated in its Annual Reports and Accounts. So, is Dove's Real Beauty messaging real? Yes. But it looks like the brand and its parent company need to continue to evolve its gender portrayals if it hopes to resonate with consumers in the future. Page 1 of 3 1 2 3 Previous Post Leadership Connection How to Build Your Personal Brand Related Articles How to Climb the Corporate Ladder Barriers to Power: Biases that Restrict Women's Advancement and Ways to Overcome Them Leadership Connection: How to Build Your Personal Brand Related Topics Marketing Strategy Women Empowerment Next Article in Marketing Strategy Barriers to Power: Biases that Restrict Women's Advancement and Ways to Overcome Them Sign up to our newsletters Best of... Weekly Daily Insider Events Weekly Hot List of the Day Sponsored Promotion Whitepaper of the Day DMNTech Roundup DMNTech Sponsored Promotion United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo (DRC) Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte D'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Islands Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and Mcdonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Korea Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines San Marino Sao Tome & Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia-Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands Virgin Islands, British Wallis and Futuna Western Samoa Yemen Yugoslavia Zambia Zimbabwe Company of the Week Since 1985, Melissa has helped thousands of companies clean, correct and complete contact data to better target and communicate with their customers. We offer a full spectrum of data quality solutions, including global address, phone, email, and name validation, identify verification - available for batch or real-time processes, in the Cloud or on-premise. Our service bureau provides dedupe, email/phone append and geographic/demographic append services for better targeting and insight. For direct mailers, Melissa offers easy-to-use address management/postal software, list hygiene services and 100s of specialty mailing lists - all with competitive pricing and excellent customer service. Find out more here » Career Center Check out hundreds of exciting professional opportunities available on DMN's Career Center.   Explore careers in digital marketing, sales, eCommerce, marketing communications, IT, data strategies, and much more. And don't forget to update your resume so employers can contact you privately about job opportunities. >>Click Here More in Marketing Strategy Barriers to Power: Biases that Restrict Women's Advancement ... What barriers are holding women back today? Are they internal or external, and is sexual harassment ever to be tolerated? Leadership Connection: How to Build Your Personal Brand Back it up with demonstrable actions and be generous with advice Drybar's Brittany Driscoll Kicks Off DMN 2017 Hall ... Driscoll discusses Drybar's mission and more Back to Top Insight on profitable data-driven marketing strategies. Connect with us: Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Newsletters RSS Feeds Coverage Features Topics DMNotes Case Studies Resources Advertise Social Events Directory Lists Editorial Calendar User Center Register Jobs About us Ad Choices Copyright © 2016 Haymarket Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorization. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of Haymarket Media's Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Friday, Apr. 28, 2017 About Advertise Sponsors View Sponsors Weekly Deals Contact Home News & Views City Council Recaps Brewery News Restaurant News Arts, Events & Life Columns & Features Movie Reviews Giveaways Sports Sections All News Restaurant News Beer News Arts, Events & Life Columns & Features Sports Calendar Public Meetings Movie Listings Fiesta Square Razorback Cinema Weekly Deals AD: Give Hope through Hair By Paid Advertisement ·   April 27, 2017  Courtesy photo Pantene Beautiful Lengths, a national hair donation program activated locally as part of the Walmart NW Arkansas Championship presented by P&G, will expand this year to include three signature public events throughout the community with a goal of 1,500 donors in 2017. The program encourages individuals to donate eight inches of untreated hair to create free wigs for cancer patients and annually collects enough hair to satisfy demand in Northwest Arkansas. In conjunction with the events, organizers look to engage a record number of partner salons and local schools in an effort to recruit more donors and raise awareness for the cause. Traditionally Pantene Beautiful Lengths has hosted one major giving event during LPGA Week in Northwest Arkansas. The program is expanding this year to include a series of events which will kick off at the Sam’s Club Home Office in Bentonville on May 15 highlighting 100 donors. On June 5, an additional 100 donors will be donating hair at The Record in Downtown Bentonville. The series will conclude on June 22 with 100 donors onsite at the Walmart NW Arkansas Championship presented by P&G in a brand new location on the golf course.   Courtesy Pantene Beautiful Lengths engages community partners year round through a local salon outreach program and local school events. The salon program, inclusive of over 50 local salons, allows donors to contribute their untreated hair by visiting a partner salon to make their donation at any time. Additionally, for one week in May, the program hosts a series of private events inside 12 local schools, up from six in 2016.   “Pigtails & Crewcuts Rogers, Fayetteville, and Little Rock proudly supports Pantene Beautiful Lengths. In 2015-2016 alone, our stores donated over 700 ponytails to help ensure cancer victims the opportunity to feel like themselves again. We are privileged to participate in such a prestigious event in our home community. What a unique, awesome opportunity to provide our services involving both our customers and staff and give back to those in need!” – Lauren Coleman, Pigtails and Crewcuts, Owner To learn more about Pantene Beautiful Lengths, visit www.BeautifulLengthsNWA.com to sign up as a donor or stylist today. Spots for the events are limited, donors are encouraged to sign up early to reserve their space. Paid Advertisement – This post paid for by Pantene Beautiful Lengths. If you’d like to advertise your business in a future promotion similar to this, call Dustin at 479-387-1002 or send us a message.   Discussion Fayetteville Flyer has specific guidelines for commenting. To avoid having your comment deleted -- or your commenting privileges revoked -- read our Comment Policy before you comment. Violators will be banned from commenting. Report a comment that violates the guidelines to contact@fayettevilleflyer.com. Commenters on the Flyer are responsible for all legal consequences arising from their comments, including libel, infringement of copyright or actions that threaten a third party. By submitting a comment, you agree to indemnify Wonderstate Media LLC, its partners and employees from any legal action arising from your comments. @fayflyer     » See all sponsor deals & specials Advertisements Get Email News Updates Receive an email with headlines for all the day’s stories on the Flyer. » Click to sign up Advertisements     LOCAL INFO   Deals & More Fire/Police Dispatch Logs Detention Intake Report   » See all ADVERTISEMENTS Flyer Sponsors » See all sponsors Sponsor Tweets Tweets from @fayflyer/flyer-sponsors Become a sponsor The Flyer focuses on free news that's specific to Fayetteville. Because of that, our readers are local, and they're loyal to the businesses that support their daily source of information. Let us help your company deliver its message to our ever-growing audience. To talk about becoming a sponsor, call 479-387-1002 or email us. About Legal Advertise Sponsors Contact © 2007-2017 Wonderstate Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman A Bounty of Fun Awaits Ye Babies! Florida Hospital and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers Are Drafting Newborns into the “Bucs Babies” Program to Coincide with the NFL Draft Bucs Baby Parker Florida Hospital is committed to building a healthier community which includes helping parents become actively involved in their child’s overall health and wellness. TAMPA, FL (PRWEB) April 27, 2017 Florida Hospital, the Exclusive Hospital of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers is recruiting new rookie talent as they kick off the 4th annual “Bucs Babies” program April 27th – May 31st and celebrate all “Bucs Babies” born at the 3rd annual birthday party in May. The “Bucs Babies” program will be offered at Florida Hospital locations in the Tampa Bay area including: Florida Hospital Tampa, Florida Hospital Wesley Chapel, Florida Hospital Zephyrhills and Florida Hospital North Pinellas. Each family delivering at Florida Hospital will receive a “rookie training kit” as part of the “Bucs Babies” program. The 2017 training kit will include a RuMe reusable diaper bag filled with an official “Buc’s Babies” branded plush blanket, bib and baby hat as well as a “Bucs Baby on Board” car window sign, a Buccaneers birth certificate and four tickets to a Buccaneer’s 2017 preseason game. Health and wellness items for the tiny draftees and their families are courtesy of Publix, Procter & Gamble and Centra Care Florida Hospital Urgent Care. Publix is donating wipes, lotion, bath wash, shampoo, cotton swabs and a $10 Publix gift card as part of the Publix Baby Club. Procter & Gamble is donating a reusable mom grab-and-go fabric bag, Pampers Baby Wipes, Deft, Crest, Always, Puffs To-Go Tissue Packets and coupons while Centra Care Florida Hospital Urgent Care is providing the first-aid kits. Families will also receive special access and free passes to future “Bucs Babies” annual birthday parties. “We are so proud to be a part of the ‘Bucs Babies’ program; it is so special watching these little rookies grow up! Florida Hospital is committed to building a healthier community which includes helping parents become actively involved in their child’s overall health and wellness. The 3rd Annual ‘Bucs Babies’ birthday party will bring together professional athletes, physicians and patients in an interactive, fun and engaging environment,” said Lauren Key, VP of Marketing, Florida Hospital, West Florida Division of Adventist Health System. In honor of all “Bucs Babies” who were drafted in previous years, the Buccaneers and Florida Hospital will be celebrating their first, second and third birthdays at One Buccaneer Place. In addition to the babies, hundreds of families plus their OB labor and delivery staffs will be invited back to partake in the festivities. Attending families will be encouraged to get active by participating in NFL combine-style Play 60 football drills, a quarterback challenge and jumping in the bounce house. There will be special appearances by Captain Fear, Buccaneers cheerleaders and current players. Fun-filled birthday gift bags will be distributed to each Buc Baby. There will be face painters, games for the whole family to enjoy, family-friendly entertainment and a coloring station courtesy of Chevron. A photo booth complete with props will be onsite offering attendees a special photo opportunity to commemorate this special day. Coca-Cola Beverages Florida will keep guests hydrated and entertained by providing beverages as well as other fun activities. Brunch will be served and Publix will supply Buccaneer decorated cupcakes to celebrate the occasion. “The ‘Bucs Babies’ program has been a great success these past few years,” said Brian Ford, Buccaneers Chief Operating Officer. “We look forward to working with our great partners at Florida Hospital to welcome this year’s ‘Draft Class’ and to celebrating the birthdays of the previous program participants along with their parents at a great family-friendly event at One Buccaneer Place.” Florida Hospital and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers officially kicked off their relationship in September 2013, by announcing a partnership that is focused on improving the health and well-being of the Tampa Bay community. To learn more about the Florida Hospital and Tampa Bay Buccaneers partnership, visit http://www.CatchBucsFever.com. Bucs Babies families are encouraged to use #BucsBabies and #catchbucsfever all month long to upload photos of their own little rookies. About Florida Hospital Florida Hospital is a not-for-profit, leading health network system composed of 26 hospitals throughout the state. Part of the Adventist Health System, with 45 hospital campuses nationwide and more than 80,000 employees. Adventist Health System facilities serve more than 4.7 million patients annually. For more information visit http://www.FloridaHospital.com About Tampa Bay Buccaneers The Tampa Bay Buccaneers play an active role in youth development through a variety of health and education initiatives in the Tampa Bay community. Supported by players, coaches, cheerleaders and staff, the Buccaneers’ PLAY 60 Challenge along with Buccaneers Academies provide enrichment programs focused on academic success and fitness. To learn more about how the Buccaneers make a difference in the community, visit http://www.buccaneers.com/community. Share article on social media or email: CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Conductive Polymers Sales Market Report 2017 Professional Survey, (Polythiophene, Polyaniline, Polypyrrole) Growth, Trends and Forecast Next PostNext D-Asparagine Monohydrate Market Report Presents an Overall Analysis, Development Trends, Driving Forces, Opportunities & Future Potential 2022 Search Recent Posts Cubic Boron Nitride Market – Evolving Industry Trends 2024 Education Apps Market : Size, Share, Analysis, Industry Trend, Growth and Demand Audited annual information of Invalda INVL for 2016 Tamper Evident Packaging Market size in terms of volume and value 2016-2026 AB „Invalda INVL“ 2016 m. audituota metinė informacija Proudly powered by WordPress
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / A Bounty of Fun Awaits Ye Babies! Florida Hospital and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers Are Drafting Newborns into the “Bucs Babies” Program to Coincide with the NFL Draft A Bounty of Fun Awaits Ye Babies! Florida Hospital and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers Are Drafting Newborns into the “Bucs Babies” Program to Coincide with the NFL Draft Posted on April 27, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. As the Exclusive Hospital of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Florida Hospital will also host its 3rd Annual “Bucs Babies” birthday party in May at One Buc Place. TAMPA, FL (PRWEB) April 27, 2017 Florida Hospital, the Exclusive Hospital of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers is recruiting new rookie talent as they kick off the 4th annual “Bucs Babies” program April 27th – May 31st and celebrate all “Bucs Babies” born at the 3rd annual birthday party in May. The “Bucs Babies” program will be offered at Florida Hospital locations in the Tampa Bay area including: Florida Hospital Tampa, Florida Hospital Wesley Chapel, Florida Hospital Zephyrhills and Florida Hospital North Pinellas. Each family delivering at Florida Hospital will receive a “rookie training kit” as part of the “Bucs Babies” program. The 2017 training kit will include a RuMe reusable diaper bag filled with an official “Buc’s Babies” branded plush blanket, bib and baby hat as well as a “Bucs Baby on Board” car window sign, a Buccaneers birth certificate and four tickets to a Buccaneer’s 2017 preseason game. Health and wellness items for the tiny draftees and their families are courtesy of Publix, Procter & Gamble and Centra Care Florida Hospital Urgent Care. Publix is donating wipes, lotion, bath wash, shampoo, cotton swabs and a $10 Publix gift card as part of the Publix Baby Club. Procter & Gamble is donating a reusable mom grab-and-go fabric bag, Pampers Baby Wipes, Deft, Crest, Always, Puffs To-Go Tissue Packets and coupons while Centra Care Florida Hospital Urgent Care is providing the first-aid kits. Families will also receive special access and free passes to future “Bucs Babies” annual birthday parties. “We are so proud to be a part of the ‘Bucs Babies’ program; it is so special watching these little rookies grow up! Florida Hospital is committed to building a healthier community which includes helping parents become actively involved in their child’s overall health and wellness. The 3rd Annual ‘Bucs Babies' birthday party will bring together professional athletes, physicians and patients in an interactive, fun and engaging environment,” said Lauren Key, VP of Marketing, Florida Hospital, West Florida Division of Adventist Health System. In honor of all “Bucs Babies” who were drafted in previous years, the Buccaneers and Florida Hospital will be celebrating their first, second and third birthdays at One Buccaneer Place. In addition to the babies, hundreds of families plus their OB labor and delivery staffs will be invited back to partake in the festivities. Attending families will be encouraged to get active by participating in NFL combine-style Play 60 football drills, a quarterback challenge and jumping in the bounce house. There will be special appearances by Captain Fear, Buccaneers cheerleaders and current players. Fun-filled birthday gift bags will be distributed to each Buc Baby. There will be face painters, games for the whole family to enjoy, family-friendly entertainment and a coloring station courtesy of Chevron. A photo booth complete with props will be onsite offering attendees a special photo opportunity to commemorate this special day. Coca-Cola Beverages Florida will keep guests hydrated and entertained by providing beverages as well as other fun activities. Brunch will be served and Publix will supply Buccaneer decorated cupcakes to celebrate the occasion. “The ‘Bucs Babies’ program has been a great success these past few years,” said Brian Ford, Buccaneers Chief Operating Officer. “We look forward to working with our great partners at Florida Hospital to welcome this year’s ‘Draft Class’ and to celebrating the birthdays of the previous program participants along with their parents at a great family-friendly event at One Buccaneer Place.” Florida Hospital and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers officially kicked off their relationship in September 2013, by announcing a partnership that is focused on improving the health and well-being of the Tampa Bay community. To learn more about the Florida Hospital and Tampa Bay Buccaneers partnership, visit http://www.CatchBucsFever.com. Bucs Babies families are encouraged to use #BucsBabies and #catchbucsfever all month long to upload photos of their own little rookies. About Florida Hospital Florida Hospital is a not-for-profit, leading health network system composed of 26 hospitals throughout the state. Part of the Adventist Health System, with 45 hospital campuses nationwide and more than 80,000 employees. Adventist Health System facilities serve more than 4.7 million patients annually. For more information visit http://www.FloridaHospital.com About Tampa Bay Buccaneers The Tampa Bay Buccaneers play an active role in youth development through a variety of health and education initiatives in the Tampa Bay community. Supported by players, coaches, cheerleaders and staff, the Buccaneers' PLAY 60 Challenge along with Buccaneers Academies provide enrichment programs focused on academic success and fitness. To learn more about how the Buccaneers make a difference in the community, visit http://www.buccaneers.com/community. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/04/prweb14283500.htm Latest News Figshare Launches New Tool for Publishers To Support Open Research Kansas School Nurse Receives $1,000 Award from California Casualty A Bounty of Fun Awaits Ye Babies! Florida Hospital and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers Are Drafting Newborns into the “Bucs Babies” Program to Coincide with the NFL Draft Thermoplastic Materials Solving Global Petrochemical Challenges at OTC 2017 in Houston, TX New Book Teaches About “Finding Your Inner Resilience” University Radiology Makes Strategic Investment in openDoctor EzPaycheck Payroll Software Released With New Flexible Reports Regarding Pay Periods Author Ends Silence About Her Experiences with Otherworldly Visitors SocialBox.Biz Opens Sign-Up for ISO 26000 Guide on Practical Corporate Responsibility Alternative History Plays Out in Magical Sci-Fi Novel, “The Other Side of Magik: The First Tale of The Mirror Worlds” © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour CNBC Disruptor 50 Trading Nation My Success Story Investing in Megatrends Tech Transformers Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Cramer Remix Cramer Remix: Billions of dollars could be about to flood the stock market Elizabeth Gurdus | @elizabethgurdus Wednesday, 26 Apr 2017 | 7:00 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Cramer Remix: Billions of dollars could be about to flood the stock market    Wednesday, 26 Apr 2017 | 7:11 PM ET | 01:11 As the market digests details of the White House's tax plan, released Wednesday, Jim Cramer looked into the proposed cuts to see how they might affect companies and shareholders. While the "Mad Money" host is skeptical about the plan passing Congress, he looked at how a corporate tax cut from 36 percent down to 15 percent could change the stock market layout. "There are a lot of investors on the sidelines waiting for this market to come down to a more reasonable price," Cramer said. "What happens if so many companies are suddenly making more money because they have a lower tax rate? I bet it that would force billions and billions of dollars into the stock market in a virtuous circle of wealth creation." Still, for the moment, Cramer still recommends staying the course. And while investors should keep tax cuts in mind as a potential blessing on their portfolios, don't count on them too heavily. "Should you buy stocks in anticipation of this huge tax cut? The answer is point blank: no. The truth is we have no idea what will pass, and I seriously doubt this current plan can make it through Congress," the "Mad Money" host said. Susana Gonzalez | Bloomberg | Getty Images When PepsiCo, Boeing, Procter & Gamble and Texas Instruments all reported great earnings numbers but saw their stocks go down, Cramer decided to investigate. "The answer is that nothing's really wrong with any of these companies except their stocks simply got ahead of themselves. Investors got so excited that they bid them up to unsustainable levels," the "Mad Money" host said. In reality, the market's reaction was not an accurate reflection of the companies' successes, but a product of lofty expectations that came from each stock's massive run. "We can't ask, 'What's wrong?' We have to say, 'This is our chance.' And that's exactly what I think PepsiCo, Boeing, Procter & Gamble and Texas Instruments are worth buying right here," Cramer said. Michael Nagle | Bloomberg | Getty Images Then, Cramer spoke with Jim Fish, the president and CEO of Waste Management, a waste and recycling giant that saw its stock slide on earnings despite meeting expectations. Some of the market's nerves were wrought when the company reported timid guidance, which Fish attributed to a large drop in Waste Management's recycling business tied to Chinese buyers halting their purchases of recyclable newspaper material. "We're still feeling pretty optimistic about recycling right now, very optimistic," Fish told Cramer on Wednesday. "We just didn't want to raise guidance with something that doesn't have great visibility to it." And with corporate tax cuts now more concretely on the federal government's slate, Fish said he is looking forward to their benefits, saying the company would look into acquisitions as a first step. Daniel Acker | Bloomberg | Getty Images Pipelines run toward oil storage tanks at the Enbridge Cushing storage terminal in Cushing, Oklahoma. Finally, with investors on the lookout for high-quality stocks that could be lifted by the president's policies, Cramer turned to one unusual energy play that could be one of the biggest winners. By acquiring Spectra Energy, Canadian pipeline giant Enbridge became the largest energy infrastructure company in North America. That positioned it to gain from U.S. projects, being that it operates the longest crude oil and gas liquids transportation system in the world. "Yep, the president may have run on an America First platform, and he's suddenly started to get very tough on trade with Canada, but that doesn't change the fact that right now, one of my favorite Trump stocks is a Canadian company," the "Mad Money" host said. In Cramer's lightning round, Cramer flew through his take on some caller favorite stocks: Sanofi: "I like that stock. I've got to tell you, [it's] got a good yield. Mostly what I really like is they've got that big position in Regeneron. They should merge and really kill it." Micron Technology: "This is very tough, because what happened is the price has spiked so much that people believe that they may have actually ruined the demand curve. And Seagate reported a number today that people didn't regard as being as strong as they'd like, so it's pulled down everybody. I think Micron is fine. It's just not in the explosive phase anymore because people keep thinking there's going to be one day [where] there's too many DRAMs, and then boom. But I don't think that day is here yet. I think we're OK. I'm no longer as confident as I've been saying because we've liked that from the teens." Questions for Cramer? Call Cramer: 1-800-743-CNBC Want to take a deep dive into Cramer's world? Hit him up! Mad Money Twitter - Jim Cramer Twitter - Facebook - Instagram - Vine Questions, comments, suggestions for the "Mad Money" website? madcap@cnbc.com Elizabeth GurdusDigital Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change PEP --- TXN --- PG --- WM --- ENB --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Stocks close little changed after Trump unveils plan for tax cuts CNBC Fred Imbert 1 day ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL 20 hidden secrets of the $1 bill Counties where the American dream is dead Stocks ended little changed Wednesday as traders assessed President Donald Trump's outline for tax reform.  Quotes in the article United Technologies Corp UTX ▲ 118.78 +0.58 +0.49% People Co Ltd 7865 ▲ 1,783.00 +26.00 +1.48% PepsiCo Inc PEP ▼ 112.64 -0.69 -0.61% Procter & Gamble Co PG ▼ 87.69 -0.05 -0.06% AdChoices The Dow shed 21 points, with Procter & Gamble contributing the most losses. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq closed flat after also giving up earlier gains. "The discussion around the tax plan is a positive for the market," said John Conlon, chief investment officer at People's United Wealth Management. But "I don't think the market is excited; I think it takes some pressure off the market, but there are still questions about some of the details." Top White House officials outlined President Donald Trump's tax plan Wednesday, a proposal they said would be the "biggest tax cut" in U.S. history. The proposal slashes the corporate tax rate to 15 percent from 35 percent. The White House added there will be a "one-time tax" on the trillions of dollars held by corporations overseas. However, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said the rate for that tax has yet to be determined. Expectations for lower corporate taxes have been a boon for stocks ever since Trump was elected in November. Still, the Trump White House has failed to provide specifics on what these tax cuts might look like. It's time for the administration to "go big or go home and a 15% corporate tax rate will certainly make that happen," said Peter Boockvar, chief market analyst at The Lindsey Group, in a note to clients. "I'll leave it to others to figure out if and how we get there (will obviously be tough) but the implications will have to also be measured by any change in interest rates in response in gauging the impact on corporate earnings and for other obligations," he said. Trump outlined his tax reform vision ahead of a potential government shutdown. Government funding will end Friday unless Congress can agree on at least a temporary funding resolution. "I think some of the hesitancy in the market has to do with the potential government shutdown later this week," said Randy Frederick, vice president of trading and derivatives at Charles Schwab. "There's no historical precedent" for a market downturn during a government shutdown, he said. "But because the Trump presidency is different from any we've ever had, there's going to be some hesitancy." Meanwhile, earnings season carried on, with PepsiCo, United Technologies, Procter & Gamble and Twitter all posted a better-than-expected profit. Twitter's stock popped about 12 percent after reporting. This earnings season has shown thus far that Corporate America did very well last quarter. Of the 181 S&P 500 components that had reported as of Wednesday, 77 percent had topped earnings expectations while 67 percent beat on the top line, according to data from The Earnings Scout. "Remember though solid 1Q 2017 results only confirm what has already happened in the markets! 1Q 2017 results should not be used to infer what is going to happen," said Nick Raich, CEO of The Earnings Scout, in a note. "For that information, look to the direction of 2Q 2017 EPS estimate revisions." He said that second-quarter earnings growth expectations have fallen every week this earnings season since March 22. There were no major economic data reports released Wednesday, but Wall Street looked ahead to Friday's first-quarter GDP report. "What concerns me is the Fed is raising rates in a modest economy with earnings growing modestly," said Phil Blancato, CEO of Ladenburg Thalmann Asset Management. "The rate of change in the economy is changing. The consumer is healthy but not necessarily spending money." Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC Top News and Analysis CNBC Latest News Video CNBC Personal Finance CNBC CNBC View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
null
Friday, April 28, 2017  |  Shaban 2, 1438 Business Things to do today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Personal Finance Aviation Banking Economy Energy The Life Markets Media Property Retail Technology Telecoms Travel & Tourism Illustration by Álvaro Sanmartí Investing for income: the ultimate growth machine Harvey Jones April 28, 2017 Updated: April 27, 2017 04:46 PM Related Rates report: Latest on UAE loans, accounts and credit cards ETFs do the hard work for expat investors like you The Top 10 stock performers for dividends Savings plan hard sell leaves UAE couple regretting they took the bait UAE residents being locked in poor-value investment plans Related Rates report: Latest on UAE loans, accounts and credit cards ETFs do the hard work for expat investors like you The Top 10 stock performers for dividends Savings plan hard sell leaves UAE couple regretting they took the bait Topics: Money tips and advice Financial literacy Private investors are often divided into two apparently opposing camps – those looking to generate growth, and those seeking income. Growth investors tend to be younger and more aggressive, as they are looking to build long-term wealth for their old age. Income investors are typically older and more cautious, as they want to protect the investment gains made in their younger years while generating an income to fund a comfortable lifestyle in retirement. However, these camps aren’t as opposed as you might think, because one of the best ways of generating growth is to invest for income. You do this by investing in top companies that pay dividends, regular payouts made to shareholders as reward for holding their stock. Many investors overlook these dividends, as they are typically just a few cents or pence per share, but over the years they can roll up into big money. The key is to reinvest those dividends back into your portfolio for growth, rather than taking them as income. That way you benefit from the miracle of compound interest, as reinvested dividends gradually accumulate more shares, which earn you more dividend income, year after year. Chris Beauchamp, chief market analyst at the online trading company IG, which has offices in Dubai, says investing for dividends has become more popular as the income on cash and bonds has slumped since the financial crisis. "You can get income of anything between 2 and 7 per cent a year from top blue-chip companies quoted in the UK, US, Europe and emerging markets, far higher than on most other investments," he says. Often the returns from your income can dwarf those from capital growth. Take the UK’s FTSE 100, which is full of dividend-paying global stocks such as the oil majors BP and Royal Dutch Shell, miners BHP Billiton and Rio Tinto, and international banks such as Barclays, HSBC and Standard Chartered. The FTSE 100 currently trades 12.8 per cent higher than 10 years ago, but with dividends reinvested the total return is a far healthier 64 per cent, according to figures from online investment platform AJ Bell. Investors who had targeted individual income stocks may have generated a much more spectacular return. Global cigarette giant British American Tobacco’s share price grew 238 per cent over the decade, but with reinvested dividends the total return is an even more impressive 412 per cent. It currently yields 3.22 per cent. Similarly, mobile phone operator Vodafone yields a generous 5.66 per cent. Its share price grew just 42 per cent over the past decade, but the total return is 150 per cent with dividends reinvested. Defence manufacturer BAE Systems grew 38 per cent over 10 years but delivered a total return of 117 per cent including dividend growth. You can invest for dividends either by purchasing individual company stocks, through a low-cost exchange traded fund (ETF) or an actively managed mutual fund: Dividend stocks The longer you invest for, the longer you have for those dividends to roll up and compound interest to work its magic. Dan Dowding, a director at investment advisers AES International in Dubai, quotes figures from investment house Woodford Asset Management which shows how dividend income is the ultimate growth machine. "£1,000 [Dh4,706] invested in the UK stock market in 1926 would have appreciated at a compound annual growth rate of 5.4 per cent a year and grown to just over £100,000 today. With dividends reinvested, it would be worth £7.8 million," he explains. The best dividend-paying stocks tend to be large, established, cash-generative and often multinational businesses, that aim to increase their dividend year after year. For example, British American Tobacco has increased its dividend at an annual compound growth rate of 9.9 per cent a year, and Vodafone by 4.8 per cent. This allows you to lock into a rising income – and rising growth prospects. The key figure to look for is the yield, which is calculated as the annual dividend payout divided by the share price. However, Mr Dowding says you should never simply plump for the highest possible yield because a dizzying dividend may reveal a company in trouble. In December 2015, yields at global commodity companies Anglo American and Glencore topped out at 14 per cent and 12.5 per cent respectively, as their share prices and profits collapsed in the face of dwindling demand from China. That level of generosity simply wasn’t sustainable, and shortly after both companies took the axe to their dividends. Today, Anglo American yields nothing, while Glencore pays just 0.93 per cent. Mr Dowding says one way to check the safety of a yield is to look at the company’s dividend "cover", which shows how many times over it can pay a dividend from its profits. Cover of two times or more is ideal. Anything below one is a concern. Some companies have a distinguished track record of increasing their dividends year after year. For example, top US companies Coca-Cola, Johnson & Johnson, Procter & Gamble, Emerson Electric, 3M Corporation and Cincinnati Financial increased their dividends for an incredible 50 consecutive years or more. Mr Dowding says the best dividend payers tend to be listed on the UK and US markets. "London-listed stocks have historically paid the higher dividends". He tips Shell, which yielded 7.15 per cent at time of writing. The company is renowned for never having cut its dividend since the Second World War, although if the oil price stays below US$50 for an extended period, that proud record could be broken. Vodafone is another favourite, currently yielding 5.66 per cent, and although cover is currently thin at just 0.4, this is expected to improve as profit rises, and the yield is forecast to hit 6.3 per cent by 2019. Mr Dowding also likes the London-listed pharmaceutical group GlaxoSmithKline, which yields 5.11 per cent and utility National Grid, which yields 4.33 per cent. He also picks out five US stocks, all familiar, established names with slightly lower yields than their UK rivals: Johnson & Johnson, which yields 2.68 per cent, IBM (3.42 per cent), Microsoft (2.36 per cent) and Cisco Systems (3.33 per cent), and ExxonMobil (3.75 per cent). Chris Beauchamp at IG suggests UK-listed consumer goods companies Reckitt Benckiser and Unilever, which both have strong long-term dividend track records. "You might also try some European companies, where top dividend payers include insurers Allianz, Axa and Zurich Insurance, pharmaceutical companies Bayer and Roche Holdings, motor manufacturer Daimler and Finland’s Nokia." Exchange-traded funds Buying individual company stocks may be too risky for many individuals, but there is a low-cost method of spreading this risk. Mr Dowding says the simplest and lowest risk way to benefit from the compounding miracle of reinvested dividends is to buy a low-cost tracker ETF fund. "These may track an index, such as the FTSE 100, which currently yields approximately 3.6 per cent, or the S&P 500, which yields 1.97 per cent." Alternatively, you could buy an ETF that invests in a basket of attractive dividend stocks, such as iShares Core High Dividend ETF, which currently yields 3.50 per cent, and iShares Core Dividend Growth ETF, which yields 2.17 per cent. These invest in top US companies such as ExxonMobil, AT&T, Verizon, Johnson & Johnson, Chevron, Pfizer, Procter & Gamble, Philip Morris, Coca-Cola, Cisco, JP Morgan Chase and Apple. If you want a spread of international stocks you might consider the DJ Global Select Dividend Ucits ETF from UBS, which invests across Australasia, Europe, the US, UK and Canada, and currently yields 4.35 per cent. Top holdings include US internet company CenturyLink, broadcaster Sky Network Television and UK builder Carillion. Another option is the iShares Stoxx Global Select Dividend 100 Ucits ETF, which tracks the 100 leading dividend-paying global stocks from the Stoxx Global 1800 Index, and currently yields 3.94 per cent. Top holdings include Shell, UK budget airline easyJet and the National Australia Bank. Mutual funds You might also consider investing in a mutual fund, where the active fund manager selects a portfolio of income stocks on your behalf. Mellissa Gallagher, a director at Allianz Global Investors, recommends Merchants Trust, which has increased its dividends for the past 34 years. "Fund manager Simon Gergel invests in a diversified portfolio of large, well-established and well-known UK companies, and currently yields 5.66 per cent," says Ms Gallagher. Merchants is an investment trust, a special type of London-listed fund that can be traded like a share. They have a long pedigree and three have increased their dividends for an incredible 50 consecutive years: City of London Investment Trust, which currently yields 3.73 per cent, Bankers Investment Trust (2.21 per cent) and Alliance Trust (1.86 per cent). Phil Smeaton, chief investment officer at global wealth advisers Sanlam, tips the Schroder Income Maximiser Fund, run by Thomas See, which aims to pay the maximum possible income and currently yields 7.17 per cent a year. He also tips the other UK-focused income funds, CF Miton UK Multi Cap Income, Royal London UK Equity Income and the Threadneedle UK Equity Alpha Fund. Those who want exposure to Europe might consider BlackRock Continental European Income Fund, which invests in companies such as Zurich Insurance Group, Spanish telecoms company Telefonica, and Italian transport infrastructure company Vinci. It currently yields 4.08 per cent. Jupiter European Income, which yields 3.10 per cent, and Liontrust European Income, yielding 3.86 per cent, are also worth considering. Sheridan Admans, investment research manager at UK stockbroker The Share Centre, tips the Guinness Asian Equity Income, which gives you exposure to high-quality dividend-paying companies in the Asia Pacific region. "Fund manager Edmund Harriss takes a long-term view and invests on a high conviction basis with typically 36 positions in his fund," says Mr Admans. The fund currently yields 3.76 per cent and has delivered a total return of 61 per cent over the past three years. pf@thenational.ae Follow us on Twitter @TheNationalPF Pages: Add your comment View all comments More Personal Finance This week in money Inside investment: Investing advice to follow, but with just a few caveats Dubai resident annoyed over small print in health insurance Unsettled debts make a return to UAE complicated MOST VIEWED Business | All Dh59m Dubai villa has Palm Jumeirah’s biggest private swimming pool – in pictures Blame Alitalia’s employees for this latest scary scenario for the airline Off hours: Juniper Networks regional manager always on the move Market analysis: Crude oil shrugs off triggers for price rise Seven mistakes to avoid in a job interview SME lending gap in region must be filled, urges AMF Oil sector squeezed by rising costs and investment slump Mediclinic shares surge on change to Abu Dhabi co-pay rules First look at Warner Bros World Abu Dhabi theme park attractions – in pictures Sydney route to join Etihad’s all-A380 operation from the end of October More Most Viewed Focus on the Philippines: Nadine Lustre and James Reid returning to Dubai World’s heaviest woman to be transported to Abu Dhabi hospital for life-saving surgery Iran’s election is soon, but still there is no clarity Sheikh Mohammed cancels 20 per cent co-pay on private treatment for Thiqa holders UAE delegation meet Pope Francis Dh59m Dubai villa has Palm Jumeirah’s biggest private swimming pool – in pictures Blame Alitalia’s employees for this latest scary scenario for the airline Abu Dhabi co-pay waiver will relieve crowded public hospitals, doctors say 9 people trapped in minibus after crash on Sheikh Zayed Road Lack of skills and demand for public-sector jobs ‘holding Northern Emirates back’ More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS First look at Warner Bros World Abu Dhabi theme park attractions – in pictures Ethiopian dam creates waves Where Abu Dhabi rents have risen and fallen, 2016 – in pictures Where Dubai rents have risen and fallen, 2016 – in pictures FOLLOW US Tweets by @TheNationalUAE SPOTLIGHT Sydney route to join Etihad’s all-A380 operation from the end of October WWE talent hunt in Dubai: Middle East fans given chance to be next Sami Zayn Switch to Mobile Site About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated -- GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 29°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Life Skin lightening under fire as Indians seek whiter shade of pale Friday April 28, 2017 12:13 PM GMT+8 ICYMI World Bank report: Pemandu biggest govt ‘delivery unit’ globally All eyes on Philippines’ gum-chewing, cursing Duterte Mourinho angry at ‘savvy’ Aguero over Fellaini red card The Edit: Check out these new TV spots for ‘Pirates of the Caribbean 5’ Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article India’s multibillion-dollar skin lightening industry has come under fire after a popular Bollywood actor lashed out at India’s obsession with fair skin and highlighted a persistent bias against darker faces. — file picMUMBAI, April 28 — Mirror, mirror on the wall — who is the fairest of them all? The one with the palest skin, of course. Or that’s the idea behind India’s multibillion-dollar skin lightening industry, with a host of “fairness” products appearing to offer dark-skinned Indians a lighter, fairer, better version of themselves. Now the industry has come under fire after a popular Bollywood actor lashed out at India’s obsession with fair skin and highlighted a persistent bias against darker faces. “You have to stop buying into the idea that a particular shade is better than others,” Abhay Deol, an actor known for playing offbeat roles, said on his Facebook page this month. Abhay lambasted his Bollywood peers — including Shah Rukh Khan, John Abraham, Shahid Kapur and Deepika Padukone — for endorsing so-called fairness brands and urged them to stop using their popularity to peddle products he called racist. “(These) campaigns are blatantly, and sometimes subtly, selling you the idea that whiter skin is better than darker skin,” said Abhay. Nor fair  Controversy around “fairness” products has raged for decades, with darker skin shades variously described as “dusky” and “wheatish”, and lighter tones sold as more attractive. The market — which includes creams, face washes, deodorants, even a vaginal whitener — is estimated to be worth about 270 billion rupees (RM17.4 billion) and is growing at a steady clip. Unilever Plc’s Hindustan Unilever, Procter & Gamble, Nivea, Garnier and Emami are among those making fairness products. Hindustan Unilever’s Fair & Lovely, launched in 1975, is India’s best known fairness brand, and claims to be the world’s first of very many skin-lightening cream. Scientists say some contain harmful bleaching ingredients. The World Health Organisation banned the active ingredients — hydroquinone and mercury — from unregulated skin products. Research firm Centre for Science and Environment said in a 2014 study that nearly half the creams it tested in India contained mercury, which is “completely illegal and unlawful”. A spokeswoman for Hindustan Unilever declined comment on the controversy. Caste at root of racism  Some activists link the bias to an entrenched caste system, where higher-caste Brahmins generally have lighter skin. In a country where arranged marriages are still the norm, matrimonial ads consistently describe a woman’s complexion, and dark-skinned women often pay a higher dowry, activists say. Bullying and taunting of dark-skinned girls and women is common, while dark-skinned actors complain of fewer roles. Advertising campaigns for various brands have typically depicted women — and increasingly men — as winning better jobs and partners, thanks to the fairness creams. But Kiran Khalap, co-founder of brand consultancy Chlorophyll in Mumbai, said the adverts were not to blame. “Our obsession with fair skin didn’t come from HUL or Emami: It’s a deep-seated cultural bias that equates being fair with being superior,” he told the Thomson Reuters Foundation. “When a demand for a product exists, a manufacturer will cater to that demand. And people will buy that product, even without a Shah Rukh or a John Abraham telling them to buy.” Dark is beautiful  Nor is India alone in buying into the “fairness” dream. Similar products are on sale in Southeast Asia, the Middle East and in parts of Africa, although India, with its population of 1.3 billion people, is a prized consumer market. Ivory Coast and Ghana have banned cosmetics containing hydroquinone, which critics say can cause cancer. A similar ban exists in Japan, South Africa and the European Union. Nivea recently pulled an ad in the Middle East with the tagline “White is Purity” after it was slammed as racist. Advocacy group Women of Worth launched a “Dark is Beautiful” campaign in 2009 with the tagline “Stay unfair, stay beautiful”, to fight the “toxic belief that a person’s worth is measured by the fairness of their skin”. Members of India’s upper house have called for a ban on advertisements for fairness products. There has also been legal action. A Delhi consumer court said in 2015 said Emami’s advertisements for Fair and Handsome were a misrepresentation of the product’s effectiveness. Emami has appealed the verdict. A spokeswoman for the company declined comment. Just last week, Times of India, the country’s biggest English-language daily, ran a message about its popular matrimonial ads. “Don’t you think it’s unfair to ask a girl to be fair and beautiful?” the message read. “Henceforth, we hope that matrimonial ads will inspire people to choose girls based on their education rather than only their looks.” But filmmaker Ram Subramanian wants action, not words, and his video on the topic has been viewed almost three million times. “Once upon a time slavery was acceptable, the caste system was acceptable, until someone said they were not,” he said. “I want the government to ban these products because they cause so much damage,” he said. —Thomson Reuters Foundation                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Nasa spacecraft shares first view from inside Saturn’s rings Skin lightening under fire as Indians seek whiter shade of pale Why eating at home is better for your waist and your wallet Steve J. & Yoni P. bring K-pop vibes to new MAC Cosmetics collection How did a copy of US Declaration of Independence get to southern England? (VIDEO) Local YouTuber asks fans to Photoshop her — and the internet responds Kate Middleton admits being a new mum made her feel ‘lonely’ In Muslim Indonesia, tiny Jewish community lives on Design thinking for professional productivity Study shows taking beetroot juice before exercise can rejuvenate ageing brains Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake See this new ‘Wonder Woman’ TV spot Reuters Video: United Airlines settles with Dr David Dao, says CNBC Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live NYT Video: Food of the gods — ambrosia cake Related Articles Resign if you disagree with Zakir Naik’s PR, Perkasa tells MIC chief Hak sama rata, bangsa Malaysia aspirasi belia India dalam TN50 Ample India: An inspiring example ― Roger Cohen Amazon, Flipkart battle in India for e-commerce’s ‘last frontier’ Dalai Lama accuses China of fooling its people (VIDEO) Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan The endangered CMO: Survival Tips From Microsoft's Grad Conn It's tough being a CMO in today's fractured media landscape with its ephemeral social media trends - repeatable and predictable marketing processes are hard to find. By Tom Foremski for Tom Foremski: IMHO | April 28, 2017 -- 01:14 GMT (18:14 PDT) | Topic: E-Commerce Grad Conn in center in blue at Sprinklr media dinner. The average job tenure of the Chief Marketing Officer (CMO) continues to decline and is now less than half that of the CEO's average of 7.2 years. I recently met Grad Conn, CMO of Microsoft USA and I was impressed by what he had to say and his approach. We spoke at a recent media roundtable dinner organized by Sprinklr -- an enterprise-ready social media toolset used by Conn and a team of more than 150 Microsoft social media managers. The first thing Conn told me was that he has been in his job nearly twice as long as the industry average. Job security is certainly uppermost in the minds of CMOs -- even the successful ones. Here's some of my notes into Conn's approach to social media and job security: - Conn said that he had to accept that much of what he had learned about marketing in school and as a former P&G product marketing executive was wrong or was no longer as effective. - To understand the social media platforms such as Twitter it is important to be active in them. Experience is important because they change all the time. Read this Enterprise social media: New battleground for CIO influence As social media strategy becomes more important, CIOs and IT have a new lever to drive conversation with peers in marketing and other departments across the company. Read More - It is important to be responsive to any issues and to give your social manager managers the authority to quickly respond and to take conversations into a private channel. - Standardizing on a set of tools and metrics is important. The changing nature of digital media should be supported by your toolset and integrated into management dashboards. For example: Sprinklr says it is constantly integrating newly acquired technologies and creating new services - The CMO has to have the confidence to publish a lot and has to seek attention. Conn is very active online in many media platforms and also offline as a speaker. Foremski's Take: Grad Conn is a near perfect example of what a tech company CMO should be like. - He is comfortable with a reasonable degree of self-promotion and he constantly seeks attention online and also offline -- look at the way he dresses. - He is creating a persona and a following by knowing how to communicate publicly in an authentic and relevant manner. - He is very active as a self-publisher in social media, blogging, video and is a frequent speaker at conferences. - He has trained hundreds of social media managers to act independently and react to any crisis with full trust of the management. - He knows what tools to use, how to use them and why. - He understands that what works today in marketing might not work for long and that new marketing processes will constantly be needed. Most CMOs have mostly none of the above qualities. But they know how to keep their CVs updated. Related Topics E-Commerce, Tech Industry, Start-Ups, Innovation, Security, Amazon, Mobility Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories E-Commerce Amazon's new Echo Look device wants to be your AI-powered stylist E-Commerce PayPal delivers solid Q1, payment volume reaches $99 billion Banking Vantiv acquires Paymetric as it eyes lucrative B2B channel Banking Alipay brand expands into Southeast Asia via Lazada × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Signout RegisterSign in Long Reads Life Indigenous Sexuality The Playlist podcast SBS HOME On Demand Guide By Day By Channel By Genre By Language Programs Radio Radio Podcasts Radio Schedule SBS Chill SBS PopAraby SBS PopAsia SBS PopDesi World News radio Your Language Shop SBS Shop News Dateline Insight The Point The Feed NITV News Small Business Secrets Cycling Football Movies Food Comedy News News Home Video Latest News Europe Elections US Politics National World Asia-Pacific Middle-East Europe Africa North America South America World News Radio 28 Apr 2017 - 12:08pm 49ers pick Aust-raised giant in NFL Draft Solomon Thomas (L), who grew up in Sydney, has been selected by San Francisco in the NFL Draft. (AAP) Previous Next Show Grid Previous Next Hide Grid Image 1/ Video Audio Solomon Thomas fondly remembers eating fish and chips and spending long days at the beach in Sydney as a child. Source: AAP 28 Apr 2017 - 12:08 PM  UPDATED 4 HOURS AGO Tweet Solomon Thomas, a 191cm-tall and 125kg defensive lineman who grew up on Sydney's beaches, has been selected by the San Francisco 49ers with the third overall pick in the NFL Draft. Jarryd Hayne's old NFL team was desperate to add a pass rusher to what has been a dismal defensive line in recent seasons. Thomas was born in Chicago and when he was two-years-old his father, an executive at consumer goods giant Procter & Gamble, moved the family to Sydney. They lived in Australia for five years, a period Thomas says he fondly remembers, including eating fish and chips and spending long days at the beach. "It was great as a kid to be exposed to a different culture, a different way of living," Thomas told FOX Sports in the US. "Be around a beautiful place. "Get to go to the beach all the time. "Start (life) in kind of an unconventional way, coming from Australia to the United States. "It definitely gave me a different perspective on life and definitely shaped me for life." The 49ers know 21-year-old Thomas well as he was a star at Stanford University, just a short drive to the NFL team's Levi's Stadium in Santa Clara. Thomas wreaked havoc on opposing quarterbacks in college with 14 tackles for loss and 8.5 sacks for Stanford in the 2016 season. The Cleveland Browns selected another pass rusher, Texas A&M defensive end Myles Garrett with the No.1 pick. The Chicago Bears made a surprise move by doing a deal with the 49ers, who had the second pick, to trade up to second for North Carolina quarterback Mitchell Trubisky. The Bears gave the 49ers the No.3 pick and a pick next year. Australia's top chance is punter Cameron Johnston, who after an outstanding stint at Ohio State, is a long shot of being a late round selection or picked up as an undrafted free agent. The three day draft is being held in Philadelphia. Advertisement Advertisement Trending News Jetstar angered by 'worst airline' survey Westpac rules out backing Adani coal mine Apology for Labor MP Anne Aly over 'fake' Anzac Day claims United Airlines reaches settlement with dragged passenger Trump's first 100 days in 10 tweets Trending SBS Australia’s first ‘rescued food’ supermarket opens today 5 of the hottest shows in the world are streaming right now on SBS On Demand Travel around Europe this autumn with SBS On Demand Fellaini loses his head Medici: Masters Of Florence: Original Sin In Social Stay Connected with SBS News Stay Connected with SBS News Vertical Tabs Newsletter Newsletter Subscribe now Podcast Podcasts Listen now RSS RSS Subscribe now txinfo Watch on SBS ONE 6.30pm nightly and 10.30pm Mon-Fri, listen at 6am & 6pm Mon-Fri. Stay Connected with SBS News Newsletter Subscribe now Podcasts Listen now RSS Subscribe now Watch on SBS ONE 6.30pm nightly and 10.30pm Mon-Fri, listen at 6am &amp; 6pm Mon-Fri. In Social Subscribe Facebook 879.1K Follow Twitter 274.5K Advertisement Back to top Copyright Terms & Conditions Privacy Disclaimer Your online preferences Audience Technical Support Complaints Contact Media Releases The SBS Charter Codes of Practice Policies & Publications Freedom of Information Public Interest Disclosure Freeview Using this Website FAQs Our Story Commissioned Content Translations & Subtitling Sales & Advertising Tenders & Purchasing Opportunities SBS International Publicity Media Centre Careers How to receive SBS TV & Radio How to get my Program on SBS What SBS tells me about Australia Why SBS introduced commercials The SBS Board of Directors SBS Shop NITV Podcasts CQ Cultural Intelligence Newsletters
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 April 2017 by wiseguyreports Product Overview and Scope of Worldwide Mascara Market 2017 – L’Oreal, Estee Lauder, Avon, LVMH, Coty, Revlon and more Mascara Market 2017 Report Details: Wiseguyreports.Com Adds “Mascara Market -Market Size, Demand, Growth, Opportunities, Manufacturers, Analysis of Top Key Players and Forecast to 2022” To Its Research Database. Global Mascara market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including L’Oreal Estee Lauder Procter & Gamble LVMH Coty Avon Amore Pacific Missha Chanel Alticor PIAS Natura Revlon Oriflame Groupe Rocher Kose Corp Beiersdorf DHC Gurwitch Pola Orbis Marie Dalgar Carslan Flamingo Guerlain Christian Dior Givenchy CLARINS KENZO  Request for Sample report @  https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1228150-global-mascara-market-research-report-2017 Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Mascara in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India  On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Waterproof Water Resistant On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Mascara for each application, including Age 12-17 Age 18-24 Age 25-44 Age 45-64 Key Points in Table of Content: Global Mascara Market Research Report 2017 1 Mascara Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Mascara 1.2 Mascara Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Mascara Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Mascara Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Waterproof 1.2.4 Water Resistant 1.3 Global Mascara Segment by Application 1.3.1 Mascara Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Age 12-17 1.3.3 Age 18-24 1.3.4 Age 25-44 1.3.5 Age 45-64 1.4 Global Mascara Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Mascara Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Mascara (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Mascara Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Mascara Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) ……….. To get complete report visit@   https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1228150-global-mascara-market-research-report-2017 7 Global Mascara Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 L’Oreal 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Mascara Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 L’Oreal Mascara Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Estee Lauder 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Mascara Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 Estee Lauder Mascara Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 Procter & Gamble 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Mascara Product Category, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 Procter & Gamble Mascara Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.4 LVMH 7.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.4.2 Mascara Product Category, Application and Specification 7.4.2.1 Product A 7.4.2.2 Product B 7.4.3 LVMH Mascara Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.5 Coty 7.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.5.2 Mascara Product Category, Application and Specification 7.5.2.1 Product A 7.5.2.2 Product B 7.5.3 Coty Mascara Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.6 Avon 7.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.6.2 Mascara Product Category, Application and Specification 7.6.2.1 Product A 7.6.2.2 Product B 7.6.3 Avon Mascara Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.7 Amore Pacific 7.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.7.2 Mascara Product Category, Application and Specification 7.7.2.1 Product A 7.7.2.2 Product B 7.7.3 Amore Pacific Mascara Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.8 Missha 7.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.8.2 Mascara Product Category, Application and Specification 7.8.2.1 Product A 7.8.2.2 Product B 7.8.3 Missha Mascara Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.9 Chanel 7.9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.9.2 Mascara Product Category, Application and Specification 7.9.2.1 Product A 7.9.2.2 Product B 7.9.3 Chanel Mascara Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.10 Alticor 7.10.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.10.2 Mascara Product Category, Application and Specification 7.10.2.1 Product A 7.10.2.2 Product B 7.10.3 Alticor Mascara Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.10.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.11 PIAS 7.12 Natura 7.13 Revlon 7.14 Oriflame 7.15 Groupe Rocher 7.16 Kose Corp 7.17 Beiersdorf 7.18 DHC 7.19 Gurwitch 7.20 Pola Orbis 7.21 Marie Dalgar 7.22 Carslan 7.23 Flamingo 7.24 Guerlain 7.25 Christian Dior 7.26 Givenchy 7.27 CLARINS 7.28 KENZO Continued…             Buy this report @   https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1228150 Contact Us: NORAH TRENT                Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com  Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) Follow on LinkedIn @https://www.linkedin.com/company/wise-guy-research-consultants-pvt-ltd-?trk=biz-companies-cym     CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsCustomer Retail, Fashion, Lifestyle, Mascara, Mascara Industry, Mascara Industry Trends, Mascara Manufacturers, Mascara Market, Mascara Market Growth, Mascara Market Sale, Mascara Market Share, Retail, trend Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Internet of Things IoT Insurance market is expected to grow at USD ~9 Billion by 2022 Next PostNext North America TPMS Assistance System Market is expected to reach USD 2,478.94 Million by 2027 with a CAGR of 16.62% Search Recent Posts Best Integrated ERP for Salesforce.com – Intacct BrainSell Presents a live Webinar Beyond Technologies named one of the Best Workplaces in Canada by Great Place to Work(R) Relentless Announces Year-End 2016 Results and Filing of Reserves Disclosure Savaria Announces 2017 First Quarter Results Release Date XOTIC PC Is Now Accepting International Credit Cards Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Feminine Hygiene Products Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Feminine Hygiene Products Global Market Share, Opportunities, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 PUNE, INDIA, April 27, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — In this report, the global Feminine Hygiene Products market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report split global into several key Regions, with sales (Million Units), revenue (Million USD), market share and growth rate of Feminine Hygiene Products for these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering United States China Europe Japan Southeast Asia India GET SAMPLE REPORT @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1228135-global-feminine-hygiene-products-sales-market-report-2017 Global Feminine Hygiene Products market competition by top manufacturers/players, with Feminine Hygiene Products sales volume, Price (USD/Units), revenue (Million USD) and market share for each manufacturer/player; the top players including Procter & Gamble Unicharm Johnson & Johnson Kimberly-Clark Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget Edgewell Personal Care Bella Bodywise (UK) Cora Corman First Quality Enterprises Fujian Hengan Group Lil-Lets Masmi Moxie Ontex Pee Buddy Kao The Honest Company Seventh Generation Vivanion On the basis of product, this report displays the sales volume (Million Units), revenue (Million USD), product price (USD/Units), market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Sanitary Napkins Tampons Pantyliners Menstrual Cups Feminine Hygiene Wash On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate of Feminine Hygiene Products for each application, including Physical Stores Online Stores Table of Content: Key Points Global Feminine Hygiene Products Sales Market Report 2017 1 Feminine Hygiene Products Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Feminine Hygiene Products 1.2 Classification of Feminine Hygiene Products by Product Category 1.2.1 Global Feminine Hygiene Products Market Size (Sales) Comparison by Type (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Feminine Hygiene Products Market Size (Sales) Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Sanitary Napkins 1.2.4 Tampons 1.2.5 Pantyliners 1.2.6 Menstrual Cups 1.2.7 Feminine Hygiene Wash 1.3 Global Feminine Hygiene Products Market by Application/End Users 1.3.1 Global Feminine Hygiene Products Sales (Volume) and Market Share Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Physical Stores 1.3.3 Online Stores 1.4 Global Feminine Hygiene Products Market by Region 1.4.1 Global Feminine Hygiene Products Market Size (Value) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 United States Feminine Hygiene Products Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 China Feminine Hygiene Products Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 Europe Feminine Hygiene Products Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Feminine Hygiene Products Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Feminine Hygiene Products Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Feminine Hygiene Products Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value and Volume) of Feminine Hygiene Products (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Feminine Hygiene Products Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Feminine Hygiene Products Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2022) … 9 Global Feminine Hygiene Products Players/Suppliers Profiles and Sales Data 9.1 Procter & Gamble 9.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.1.2 Feminine Hygiene Products Product Category, Application and Specification 9.1.2.1 Product A 9.1.2.2 Product B 9.1.3 Procter & Gamble Feminine Hygiene Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.2 Unicharm 9.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.2.2 Feminine Hygiene Products Product Category, Application and Specification 9.2.2.1 Product A 9.2.2.2 Product B 9.2.3 Unicharm Feminine Hygiene Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.3 Johnson & Johnson 9.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.3.2 Feminine Hygiene Products Product Category, Application and Specification 9.3.2.1 Product A 9.3.2.2 Product B 9.3.3 Johnson & Johnson Feminine Hygiene Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.4 Kimberly-Clark 9.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.4.2 Feminine Hygiene Products Product Category, Application and Specification 9.4.2.1 Product A 9.4.2.2 Product B 9.4.3 Kimberly-Clark Feminine Hygiene Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.5 Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget 9.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.5.2 Feminine Hygiene Products Product Category, Application and Specification 9.5.2.1 Product A 9.5.2.2 Product B 9.5.3 Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget Feminine Hygiene Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.6 Edgewell Personal Care 9.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors …Continued ACCESS REPORT @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1228135-global-feminine-hygiene-products-sales-market-report-2017 Get in touch: LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/4828928 Twitter: https://twitter.com/WiseGuyReports Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/Wiseguyreports-1009007869213183/?fref=ts Norah Trent Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)/+91 841 198 5042 (IND) email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Intracranial Pressure (ICP) Monitoring Devices Market by Top Manufacturers, Growth, Emerging Trends, Size, Share, Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext The Jed Foundation Launches Set To Go, An Initiative To Help Students Transition To Life After High School Search Recent Posts Polyplastics desenvolve novos graus do DURAFIDE (R) PPS com maior resistência a choques térmicos Results Driven Marketing, LLC Unveils SEO Maximizer for Small Businesses Global DVI Connector Worldwide Market 2021: by Sensor Type (Temperature, ECG, Image, Motion, & Pressure) Global RF Diplexer Market 2021: Forecasts, Analysis and Growths Dunedin to sign friendship agreement with Qingyuan Proudly powered by WordPress
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour CNBC Disruptor 50 Trading Nation My Success Story Investing in Megatrends Tech Transformers Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × PRO Uncut LATEST Live TV Platinum Portfolio Halftime Portfolio PRO Talks PRO Uncut Start Over| ‹ Here's the full 2017 CNBC Stock Draft with picks from Kevin O'Leary Full interview with Fidelity's Jurrien Timmer on the French election, his favorite idea Full interview with Fed's Fischer on the perils of financial deregulation Full interview with John Taylor on the economy, Federal Reserve Full interview with former Fed Chairman Greenspan on stagflation, Trump's deregulation Full interview with former Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin on Trump's agenda, economy PRO Uncut: Top tech analyst Toni Sacconaghi PRO Uncut: Jim O'Neill PRO Uncut: Steve Ballmer on Microsoft, Twitter PRO Uncut: Bill Nygren PRO Uncut: Bill Gross Watch Dick Bove on his bearish warning on bank stocks Goldman strategist: We're past 'maximum optimism' about Trump's agenda Full interview with former Vanguard CEO Jack Bogle on Trump's agenda, ETFs Full interview with BlackRock CEO Larry Fink on risks to the market, economy PRO Uncut: Investor Louis Navellier PRO Uncut: Hedge fund manager David Einhorn PRO Uncut: Byron Wien PRO Uncut: IBM CEO Ginni Rometty PRO Uncut: Apple analyst Steven Milunovich Brave Warrior's Glenn Greenberg reveals his big market bet PRO Uncut: Billionaire investor Howard Marks PRO Uncut: Value investor Joel Greenblatt PRO Uncut: Strategist Jeffrey Saut PRO Uncut: David Tepper PRO Uncut: Chart analyst Ralph Acampora PRO Uncut: Short seller Carson Block PRO Uncut: Mylan CEO Heather Bresch PRO Uncut: AMD CEO Lisa Su PRO Uncut: Exxon Mobil CEO Darren Woods PRO Uncut: Gene Munster says Snap will be 'more like Twitter than Facebook' PRO Uncut: Target CEO Brian Cornell on border tax, stock plunge PRO Uncut: Toni Sacconaghi PRO Uncut: Jeremy Siegel says Dow is headed toward 22,000 PRO Uncut: Vanguard founder Jack Bogle on the market rally PRO Uncut: Macy's CEO Terry Lundgren on acquisition rumors PRO Uncut: Twitter COO Anthony Noto The full interview with billionaire investor Ron Baron on his favorite stocks PRO Uncut: T-Mobile CEO John Legere PRO Uncut: Activist investor Mick McGuire PRO Uncut: Garry Kasparov on Trump, Putin PRO Uncut: Wall Street's top economist Ed Hyman PRO Uncut: AT&T CEO Randall Stephenson PRO Uncut: Former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer PRO Uncut: Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank PRO Uncut: Strategist Tom Lee Watch Blackstone's Stephen Schwarzman discuss President Trump's big CEO meeting PRO Uncut: Goldman's chief economist Jan Hatzius PRO Uncut: Fed decision panel PRO Uncut: Top-ranked tech analyst Mark Mahaney on Facebook, Amazon earnings PRO Uncut: Goldman's top commodoities analyst Jeffrey Currie PRO Uncut: Mark Cuban on Trump's immigration order PRO Uncut: Gene Munster on Alphabet, Trump PRO Uncut: Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz on slowing growth, Trump PRO Uncut: TIAA's Saira Malik gives Trump picks PRO Uncut: Jim Grant on the Trump risks PRO Uncut: Jeremy Siegel on Dow 20,000 PRO Uncut: Sam Stovall, other strategists on Dow 20K PRO Uncut: Mario Gabelli interview PRO Uncut: Billionaire investor Carl Icahn on Trump and the stock market PRO Uncut: Bill Gross on President Trump PRO Uncut: Top chart analyst Jeff deGraaf PRO Uncut: Morgan Stanley CEO James Gorman PRO Uncut: Deutsche Bank CEO John Cryan PRO Uncut: Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein on earnings, Trump and the economy PRO Uncut: JPMorgan's Jamie Dimon on Trump, taxes, earnings PRO Uncut: Blackstone CEO Steve Schwarzman PRO Uncut: Citi's Tobias Levkovich on Trump volatility PRO Uncut: Bank of America CEO Brian Moynihan PRO Uncut: Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff PRO Uncut: AT&T CEO Randall Stephenson PRO Uncut: BlackRock's Larry Fink on Trump PRO Uncut: Jack Bogle interview Value investor Bill Nygren sees opportunity in beaten-up health-care stocks PRO Uncut: Alnylam CEO on what's ahead for the biotech up 19% this year PRO Uncut: Sarepta Therapeutics CEO Dr. Ed Kaye PRO Uncut: Mario Gabelli interview PRO Uncut: Larry Summers on why Trump's tax reform plan won't work PRO Uncut: CEO of small-cap biotech Blueprint Medicines Juno CEO gives 2017 outlook after drug trial halt cut stock in half last year PRO Uncut: Andrew Left interview Leon Cooperman reveals his favorite value stocks for 2017 PRO Uncut: Billionaire hedgie Marc Lasry on Trump, markets PRO Uncut: Star-analyst-turned-VC Gene Munster PRO Uncut: Carl Icahn PRO Uncut: AB Bernstein's Seth Masters PRO Uncut: Steve Eisman of 'The Big Short' PRO Uncut: Valeant CEO Joseph Papa PRO Uncut: Fed decision panel PRO Uncut: Carl Icahn Trader Jon Najarian eyeing contrarian trade before the Fed PRO Uncut: Kevin Plank PRO Uncut: Michael Lewis PRO Uncut: Brian Moynihan PRO Uncut: Nelson Peltz Jon Najarian tries to strike oil with these stocks PRO Uncut: Jeff Vinik Jon Najarian: Here's how to lock in your Trump rally gains PRO Uncut: Bill Gross PRO Uncut: Jeff Immelt › PRO Uncut Full interview with Trian CIO Ed Garden on corporate governance, GE, and Procter & Gamble Natalia Wojcik | @nataliawwojcik 12 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Trian CIO Ed Garden shared his views on corporate governance, GE and Procter & Gamble in an interview Thursday on CNBC's "Power Lunch." On changes happening in corporate governance: "Something big is happening in the public equity markets, and that is that owners are acting like owners," he said. "For the better part of the last 100 years, that wasn't the case. Public share owners felt that if they didn't like what was happening at the company, their only option was to sell. And there was a huge gulf between the owners and the managers. All that is changing." On why the changes are occurring: "I think the biggest reason is the transfer of wealth that's happened from public shareowners to private equity over the last say, 40 years," Garden added. "There's something in that ownership mentality, in the boardroom dynamic that creates really good results," he said. Garden is the chief investment officer and co-founder of Trian Partners. To watch the broadcast interview in its entirety, you must be a CNBC PRO subscriber. Correction: This story was revised to correct the spelling of Procter. Natalia WojcikSpecial to CNBC.com Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change GE --- PG --- PRO Uncut Here's the full 2017 CNBC Stock Draft with picks from Kevin O'Leary Full interview with Fidelity's Jurrien Timmer on the French election, his favorite idea Watch the full interview with Fed's Fischer; Says we've already forgotten about the financial crisis Full interview with former Treasury Undersecretary John Taylor on the economy, Federal Reserve Full interview with former Fed Chairman Greenspan on stagflation, Trump's deregulation To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Login Learn more about Thomson Reuters Foundation Sign up for our Newsletter Home Women's Rights Climate Trafficking Property Rights Humanitarian Food Videos Search FEATURE-Skin lightening under fire as Indians seek whiter shade of pale by Rina Chandran | @rinachandran | Thomson Reuters Foundation Thursday, 27 April 2017 13:25 GMT A Hindu woman paints religious symbols on the wall of a temple on the first day of the Bengali New Year in Agartala, India April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Jayanta Dey About our Women's Rights coverage We focus on stories that help to empower women and bring lasting change to gender inequality Share: Newsletter sign up: Most Popular Europe's meat and dairy farming vulnerable as climate change worsens water scarcity Can crowd funding help scale up solar power for Africa's poor? Organ trafficking 'booming' in Lebanon as desperate Syrians sell kidneys, eyes Sex and labor trafficking survivors call for funding and jobs, not pity Huge dam to shore up Kenya's urban water – but may threaten Maasai Mara In a country where arranged marriages are still the norm, matrimonial ads consistently describe a woman's complexion, and dark-skinned women often pay a higher dowry By Rina Chandran MUMBAI, April 27 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Mirror, mirror on the wall - who is the fairest of them all? The one with the palest skin, of course. Or that's the idea behind India's multibillion-dollar skin lightening industry, with a host of 'fairness' products appearing to offer dark-skinned Indians a lighter, fairer, better version of themselves. Now the industry has come under fire after a popular Bollywood actor lashed out at India's obsession with fair skin and highlighted a persistent bias against darker faces. "You have to stop buying into the idea that a particular shade is better than others," Abhay Deol, an actor known for playing offbeat roles, said on his Facebook page this month. Deol lambasted his Bollywood peers - including Shah Rukh Khan, John Abraham, Shahid Kapur and Deepika Padukone - for endorsing so-called fairness brands and urged them to stop using their popularity to peddle products he called racist. "(These) campaigns are blatantly, and sometimes subtly, selling you the idea that whiter skin is better than darker skin," said Deol. NOT FAIR Controversy around 'fairness' products has raged for decades, with darker skin shades variously described as "dusky" and "wheatish", and lighter tones sold as more attractive. The market - which includes creams, face washes, deodorants, even a vaginal whitener - is estimated to be worth about 270 billion rupees ($4 billion) and is growing at a steady clip. Unilever Plc's Hindustan Unilever, Procter & Gamble, Nivea, Garnier and Emami are among those making fairness products. Hindustan Unilever's Fair & Lovely, launched in 1975, is India's best known fairness brand, and claims to be the world's first of very many skin-lightening cream. Scientists say some contain harmful bleaching ingredients. The World Health Organization banned the active ingredients – hydroquinone and mercury – from unregulated skin products. Research firm Centre for Science and Environment said in a 2014 study that nearly half the creams it tested in India contained mercury, which is "completely illegal and unlawful". A spokeswoman for Hindustan Unilever declined comment on the controversy. CASTE AT ROOT OF RACISM Some activists link the bias to an entrenched caste system, where higher-caste Brahmins generally have lighter skin. In a country where arranged marriages are still the norm, matrimonial ads consistently describe a woman's complexion, and dark-skinned women often pay a higher dowry, activists say. Bullying and taunting of dark-skinned girls and women is common, while dark-skinned actors complain of fewer roles. Advertising campaigns for various brands have typically depicted women - and increasingly men - as winning better jobs and partners, thanks to the fairness creams. But Kiran Khalap, co-founder of brand consultancy Chlorophyll in Mumbai, said the adverts were not to blame. "Our obsession with fair skin didn't come from HUL or Emami: it's a deep-seated cultural bias that equates being fair with being superior," he told the Thomson Reuters Foundation. "When a demand for a product exists, a manufacturer will cater to that demand. And people will buy that product, even without a Shah Rukh or a John Abraham telling them to buy." DARK IS BEAUTIFUL Nor is India alone in buying into the 'fairness' dream. Similar products are on sale in Southeast Asia, the Middle East and in parts of Africa, although India, with its population of 1.3 billion people, is a prized consumer market. Ivory Coast and Ghana have banned cosmetics containing hydroquinone, which critics say can cause cancer. A similar ban exists in Japan, South Africa and the European Union. Nivea recently pulled an ad in the Middle East with the tagline 'White is Purity' after it was slammed as racist. Advocacy group Women of Worth launched a 'Dark is Beautiful' campaign in 2009 with the tagline 'Stay unfair, stay beautiful,' to fight the "toxic belief that a person's worth is measured by the fairness of their skin". Members of India's upper house have called for a ban on advertisements for fairness products. There has also been legal action. A Delhi consumer court said in 2015 said Emami's advertisements for Fair and Handsome were a misrepresentation of the product's effectiveness. Emami has appealed the verdict. A spokeswoman for the company declined comment. Just last week, Times of India, the country's biggest English-language daily, ran a message about its popular matrimonial ads. "Don't you think it's unfair to ask a girl to be fair and beautiful?" the message read. "Henceforth, we hope that matrimonial ads will inspire people to choose girls based on their education rather than only their looks." But filmmaker Ram Subramanian wants action, not words, and his video on the topic has been viewed almost 3 million times. "Once upon a time slavery was acceptable, the caste system was acceptable, until someone said they were not," he said. "I want the government to ban these products because they cause so much damage," he said. ($1 = 64.1126 Indian rupees) (Reporting by Rina Chandran @rinachandran, Editing by Lyndsay Griffiths. Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, property rights, climate change and resilience. Visit news.trust.org to see more stories.) Themes Women's rights Share Tweet Share Email EXPLORE MORE Women's Rights NEWS Original Female clerics declare fatwa on child marriage in Indonesia Original Anti-abortion posters pop up in Paris metro during election campaign Booed in Berlin for praising father, Ivanka Trump says fine-tuning role Original Green the red: Indian city breaks taboos for "sustainable menstruation" About Thomson Reuters Foundation News news.trust.org Our global editorial team of almost 40 journalists and 100 freelancers covers the world’s under-reported stories at the heart of aid, development, women’s rights, human trafficking, property rights, and climate change. Find out more Find out more Newsletter sign up: Terms and Conditions Privacy and Cookies Acceptable Use Policy Contact Us Trust Principles Copyright © 2017 Thomson Reuters Foundation. Thomson Reuters Foundation is a charity registered in England and Wales (registration number: 1082139) Latest News Teachers in Boko Haram-hit region trained to keep schools safe INTERVIEW-Everyone's complicit in gentrification - UK filmmaker Understanding Syria: London museum invites visitors to ask refugees Thousands trapped by fighting in South Sudan as aid agencies pull out Female clerics declare fatwa on child marriage in Indonesia To end poverty, Latin America must invest in equal, green growth - UN Crop-eating armyworm marches on, UN says Angola now hit FEATURE-Skin lightening under fire as Indians seek whiter shade of pale FEATURE -On Nicaragua's Mosquito Coast, conflict over indigenous land turns violent FEATURE-Indigenous group takes Brazil to court in landmark case Join Us
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Oilfield Surfactants Global Market Research Methodology, Research Scope Forecast 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Oilfield Surfactants Global Market from its database. This report Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations. This report Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, April 27, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Global Oilfield Surfactant market is accounted for $1.04 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $1.57 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 6.1% from 2015 to 2022. Factors such as increased usage of CO2 Oil Recovery Technology, rising demand for bio-based surfactants, regulations and non-toxicity are driving the market growth. New projects and huge investment in APAC and Africa region, Utilization and Management of Industrial and Agricultural Wastes will further provide growth opportunities for the market globally. However, environmental concerns, decreasing oil prices and regulatory factors are restraining oilfield Surfactant market. Surfactants in personal care product market will see the best growth prospects. Cleaning products segment is expected to show moderate growth. Bio based surfactant segment is estimated to show prospective growth in the Asia-Pacific region. Asia-Pacific region holds the largest market share. However, North America followed by Europe is estimated to show a significant growth in the surfactant market. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/oilfield-surfactants-global-market-outlook-2015-2022 Some of the key players in global Oilfield Surfactant market are Air Products and Chemicals, Inc, Clariant AG, Evonik Industries AG, Henkel AG & Co. KGAA, The Dow Chemical Company, Evonik Industries AG, BASF SE, Stepan Company, P&G Chemicals, Pilot Chemical Company, Siltech Corporation, Oxiteno S.A Industria E Comercio, SABIC, Shell Chemicals, Huntsman Corporation, SI Group, Inc, AGAE Technologies, LLC. Substrates Covered: -Bio-Based/Oleo chemical -Bio surfactant -Synthetic/Petrochemical Products Covered: - Anionic Surfactant -Linear Alkylbenzene Sulfonate (LAS) -Secondary Alkane Sulfonate (SAS) -Methyl Ester Sulfonates (MES) -Alpha Olefin Sulfonates (AOS) -Non-Ionic Surfactant -Alkylphenol ethoxylates -Alkanolamides -Polyglucosides -Sorbitan esters -Alcohol ethoxylates -Fatty amine ethoxylates -Sucrose esters -Cationic Surfactant -Other Surfactants -Silicon Surfactants -Fluorinated Surfactants -Polymeric Surfactants -Amphoteric Surfactants -Association Polymers Applications Covered: -Emulsifiers and Demulsifiers -Lubricants -Dispersants -Corrosion Inhibitors -Foam Control Agents -Setting and Suspending Agents -Biocides -Acrylic End Users Covered: -Personal Care Industry -Textile Industry -Soap Industry -Elastomers and Plastic Industry -Oilfield Chemicals -Industrial and Institutional Cleaning -Crop Protection -Pharmaceuticals -Paper and pulp Industry -Paints, Coatings& Adhesives -Metal & Engineering Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001322826/sample Regions Covered: -North America -US -Canada -Mexico -Europe -Germany -France -Italy -UK -Spain -Rest of Europe -Asia Pacific -Japan -China -India -Australia -New Zealand -Rest of Asia Pacific -Rest of the World -Middle East -Brazil -Argentina -South Africa -Egypt What our report offers: - Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments - Market share analysis of the top industry players - Strategic recommendations for the new entrants - Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets - Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) - Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations - Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends - Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments - Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Company Profiling 11.1 Rhodia S.A. 11.2 Schlumberger Limited 11.3 The Lubrizol Corporation 11.4 P&G Chemicals 11.5 BASF SE 11.6 Pilot Chemical Company 11.7 Stepan Company 11.8 Siltech Corporation 11.9 Oxiteno S.A Industria E Comercio 11.10 SABIC 11.11 Shell Chemicals 11.12 Huntsman Corporation 11.13 Henkel AG AND CO. KGAA 11.14 SI Group, Inc 11.15 AGAE Technologies, LLC Inquire before Buying at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001322826/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
About Us Contact Us 2016 Meda Kit Links NNPA Links Classifieds Westside Gazette HIV/AIDS Supplements Guest Book AdHub About UsContact Us2016 Meda KitLinksNNPA LinksClassifiedsWestside Gazette HIV/AIDS SupplementsGuest BookAdHub Home News National Local International Business Releases Entertainment Politics OP-ED Opinions Editorials Lifestyle Health Advice Religion Obituaries Sports Local National Sports Calendar Arts Cars AdHub HomeNews    National    Local    International    Business    ReleasesEntertainmentPoliticsOP-ED    Opinions    EditorialsLifestyle    Health    Advice    Religion    ObituariesSports    Local    National SportsCalendarArtsCarsAdHub »Gators and Seminoles Both Punching Tickets for March Madness »Attention Lauderhill Shuttle Bus Riders »And this too shall pass »Remembering history and Black public health champions during National Minority Health Month »Tampa Bay Rays President Brian Auld invites Florida Association of Black Owned Media to join in the ‘Jackie Robinson Day’ »Gibson’s ‘ordeal’ ends with Artiles doing ‘the right thing’ »Ninety-year-old educator says saving Black Girls at the core of her sister-friend Intergenerational Mentorship Program »Advertising Guru Carol H. Williams earns Hall of Fame Honor »The African Heritage Cultural Arts Center in Miami was honored to provide a world class Homecoming for two of its brothers, Tarrell McCraney and Barry Jenkins »AT&T Sunrise employee receives prestigious Gold President’s Volunteer Service Award You Are Here: Home » National News » Advertising Guru Carol H. Williams earns Hall of Fame Honor Advertising Guru Carol H. Williams earns Hall of Fame Honor Posted by: Carma Henry Posted date: April 27, 2017 In: National News | comment : 0 Advertising Guru Carol H. Williams earns Hall of Fame Honor Advertising legend Carol H. Williams will receive the “David Bell Award for Industry Service,” during a ceremony in New York City. (CHWA) By Stacy M. Brown (NNPA Newswire Contributor)  Carol H. Williams has been quite busy. The advertising legend and owner of the agency that bears her name, Williams has created ad campaigns for Bank of America, the city of Oakland, General Motors, Pillsbury, Proctor & Gamble and many other household names. When she was notified about her nomination to the Advertising Hall of Fame, which celebrates and honors the legends who have made extraordinary contributions to the ad business, Williams kept working. “I didn’t know whether it was real or not,” she said. Williams said that you have to be able to keep life’s trials and life’s rewards in perspective. “Put it behind or in front of you and keep moving forward,” said Williams. “It was really nice and I was honored to be considered for [the Hall of Fame], but I just kept working.” Williams will be inducted into the Advertising Hall of Fame (AHOF) during a ceremony at Cipriani Wall Street in New York City on Tuesday, April 25. “There was a moment, I was stunned and then the tears came,” Williams said remembering the Hall of Fame call. “It was an unbelievable feeling; then I did my ‘spike and dance’ in the end zone. Williams becomes the first African American female advertising executive inducted among the nearly 200 honorees in the 67-year history of the AHOF. She will also receive the “David Bell Award for Industry Service,” which recognizes recipients for their extraordinary and unique contributions and service to the advertising com-munity and industry. “The National Newspaper Publishers Association is especially proud to salute the outstanding career achievements of Carol H. Williams,” said NNPA President and CEO Dr. Benjamin F. Chavis Jr. “No one has done more to impact the advertising industry with innovative genius and market penetration than the iconic Carol H. Williams.” Williams’ career started at the Leo Burnett agency, where during her 13-year tenure, she became the first African American woman to serve as creative director and vice president at the company. She followed that by serving for two years as senior vice president at FCB in San Francisco, Calif. It was Williams who came up with one of the most recognized campaigns in advertising history, one she said remains a career highlight. “I think one of the most incredible experiences I had was in 1974 when my boss, Charlie Blakemore, walked up to me and said, ‘I want to ask you to write on something, but I’m afraid you’ll quit.’ I said, ‘I won’t quit,’” Williams said. At the time, the Secret deodorant brand had been failing, it was ranked No. 9 and declining, she said. “It was primarily used by women,” Williams said, so she came up with the slogan, “Stronger enough for a man, but made for a woman.” The Secret campaign that Williams worked on propelled the deodorant to bestseller status where it remains. Williams also used a Black woman in one of the commercials for the campaign as well as a Black announcer, which was unheard of at the time. Williams founded Carol H. Williams Advertising (CHWA) more than 25 years ago; the agency has grown into one of the largest African American, independently-owned advertising and marketing firms in the country. CHWA’s client list has included several Fortune 500 companies. After starting the company in her living room, CHWA now has offices in Oak-land, New York, Detroit and Chicago. “I can’t necessarily say that I found advertising. I think advertising found me,” Williams recalled. “I was going into pre-med, because I love humanity, and I wanted to engage and heal people, but I also loved to write and had an active imagination.” After working with the American Association of Advertising on an initiative for African Americans, Williams developed her portfolio, landed a summer job and never looked back. Last month, during a panel discussion on gender and race in the advertising industry, Williams said that it was revealed that less than three percent of executives in the advertising business are White women and less than one percent are Black women. “It was really a discussion about the industry’s commitment to female diversity,” said Williams. “It’s quite amazing when you think about it, since the female voice is the primary voice in advertising and she’s the doorkeeper to most of the products which go into the household.” Williams continued: “Then, with the Black female, it’s even more so. She’s the head of the household for the most part; she’s the one making the money, she’s making those decisions.” The fact that women’s voices are absent at the highest levels of the advertising industry is quite interesting, Williams said. For young women, particularly Black women, who aspire to work in the advertising industry, Williams said that it’s important to check your emotions at the door. “We tend to be an extremely emotional people,” said Williams. “We are extremely creative people and that creativity is driven a lot by emotions.” Williams continued: “Inside corporate America, a great deal of decisions are made that are focused on the bottom line and on the hard business of the dollar.” Williams said that those decisions are absent of emotion. Williams said that, as a Black woman, you will run into a lot of foreign elements in the advertising business and people who have never had in-depth conversations with Black people. Williams added: “If you allow emotions to rule, rather than your intellect, you can get into highly-conflict-driven situations that can create barriers to your success.”     Be Sociable, Share! Tweet Share ‹ Previous Next › About The Author Carma Henry Carma Lynn Henry Westside Gazette Newspaper 545 N.W. 7th Terrace, Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33311 Office: (954) 525-1489 Fax: (954) 525-1861 Number of Entries : 9681 Related posts Remembering history and Black public health champions during National Minority Health Month Ninety-year-old educator says saving Black Girls at the core of her sister-friend Intergenerational Mentorship Program ALG calls on FBI Director James Comey to step down or be fired After blocking Obama’s SCOTUS pick, Senate Republicans confirm Gorsuch Leave a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Name* Email* Website Submit Comment Follow Us! View Our E-Editon Facebook Twitter Tweets by @_westsidebiads advertisement advertisement advertisement advertisement advertisement advertisement advertisement advertisement Walkarounds of 2017 New Vehicles AutoNetwork Reports Live Weekly Walkarounds of 2016 New Vehicles advertisement 2016 Media Kit Menu About Us Contact Us 2016 Meda Kit Links NNPA Links Classifieds Westside Gazette HIV/AIDS Supplements Guest Book AdHub twitter facebook google plus LinkedIn rss Site Designed By NoRegretMedia.com
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > The Market Reports Tweet   Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant Sales Market Forecast to 2021: Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price, Cost, Gross Margin, Consumption Value, Sales and Key Companies Profile Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant Sales Industry 2017 Market Research Report provide the details about Industry Overview and analysis about Manufacturing Cost Structure, Revenue, Gross Margin, Consumption Value and Sale Price, Major Manufacturers, Distrib   Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant Sales Industry 2017 Market Research Report (EMAILWIRE.COM, April 27, 2017 ) The Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant Sales Industry 2017 Market Research Report is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Deodorant & Antiperspirant Sales industry. With around 150 tables and figures this report provides key statistics on the state of the industry and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the market. Development policies and plans are discussed as well as manufacturing processes and Bill of Materials cost structures are also analyzed. This report also states import/export consumption, supply and demand Figures, cost, price, revenue and gross margins. Access Report at: https://www.themarketreports.com/report/global-deodorant-antiperspirant-sales-market-report-2017 Companies like Henkel, Loreal, Procter & Gamble, Unilever, Dove, Nivea, Soft & Gentle, Amway, Clinique, A.P. Deauville, Secret and more are profiled in the terms of product picture, specification, capacity, production, price, cost, gross, revenue, and contact information. Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant Sales Market report provides a basic overview of the industry including definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. Upstream raw materials and equipment and downstream demand analysis is also carried out. The Deodorant & Antiperspirant Sales industry development trends and marketing channels are analyzed. Finally the feasibility of new investment projects are assessed and overall research conclusions offered. Purchase this Premium Research Report at: https://www.themarketreports.com/report/buy-now/484332 Table of Contents: 1 Industry Overview of Deodorant & Antiperspirant Sales 2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Deodorant & Antiperspirant Sales 3 Technical Data and Manufacturing Plants Analysis of Deodorant & Antiperspirant Sales 4 Capacity, Production and Revenue Analysis of Deodorant & Antiperspirant Sales by Regions, Types and Manufacturers 5 Price, Cost, Gross and Gross Margin Analysis of Deodorant & Antiperspirant Sales by Regions, Types and Manufacturers 6 Consumption Volume, Consumption Value and Sale Price Analysis of Deodorant & Antiperspirant Sales by Regions, Types and Applications 7 Supply, Import, Export and Consumption Analysis of Deodorant & Antiperspirant Sales 8 Major Manufacturers Analysis of Deodorant & Antiperspirant Sales 9 Marketing Trader or Distributor Analysis of Deodorant & Antiperspirant Sales 10 Industry Chain Analysis of Deodorant & Antiperspirant Sales 11 Development Trend of Analysis of Deodorant & Antiperspirant Sales 12 New Project Investment Feasibility Analysis of Deodorant & Antiperspirant Sales 13 Conclusion of the Global Deodorant & Antiperspirant Sales Industry 2017 Market Research Report Inquire for Sample or Discount at: https://www.themarketreports.com/report/ask-your-query/484332 The Market Reports We aim to provide the best industry and market research report to a seeker. Today, The Market Reports is a one stop destination for all the report buyers. We have a collection of over 100,000+ research, company, market, SWOT, trends and analysis reports of various countries, categories and domain to meet an organization need. Website: https://www.themarketreports.com/ Write us at sales@themarketreports.com Call at +1-631-407-1315 / +91-750-729-1479 Contact Information: The Market Reports Shirsh Gupta Tel: 06314071315 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Mascara Market 2017 Segmentation, Demand, Growth, Trend, Opportunity and Forecast to 2022 Global Mascara market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer PUNE, INDIA, April 27, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Summary Global Mascara market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including L’Oreal Estee Lauder Procter & Gamble LVMH Coty Avon Amore Pacific Missha Chanel Alticor PIAS Natura Revlon Oriflame Groupe Rocher Kose Corp Beiersdorf DHC Gurwitch Pola Orbis Marie Dalgar Carslan Flamingo Guerlain Christian Dior Givenchy CLARINS KENZO Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1228150-global-mascara-market-research-report-2017 Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Mascara in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Waterproof Water Resistant On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Mascara for each application, including Age 12-17 Age 18-24 Age 25-44 Age 45-64 At any Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1228150-global-mascara-market-research-report-2017 Table of Contents Global Mascara Market Research Report 2017 1 Mascara Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Mascara 1.2 Mascara Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Mascara Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Mascara Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Waterproof 1.2.4 Water Resistant 1.3 Global Mascara Segment by Application 1.3.1 Mascara Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Age 12-17 1.3.3 Age 18-24 1.3.4 Age 25-44 1.3.5 Age 45-64 1.4 Global Mascara Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Mascara Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Mascara (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Mascara Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Mascara Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) …. 7 Global Mascara Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 L’Oreal 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Mascara Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 L’Oreal Mascara Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Estee Lauder 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Mascara Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 Estee Lauder Mascara Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 Procter & Gamble 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Mascara Product Category, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 Procter & Gamble Mascara Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.4 LVMH 7.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.4.2 Mascara Product Category, Application and Specification 7.4.2.1 Product A 7.4.2.2 Product B 7.4.3 LVMH Mascara Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.5 Coty 7.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.5.2 Mascara Product Category, Application and Specification 7.5.2.1 Product A 7.5.2.2 Product B 7.5.3 Coty Mascara Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.6 Avon 7.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.6.2 Mascara Product Category, Application and Specification 7.6.2.1 Product A 7.6.2.2 Product B 7.6.3 Avon Mascara Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.7 Amore Pacific 7.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.7.2 Mascara Product Category, Application and Specification 7.7.2.1 Product A 7.7.2.2 Product B 7.7.3 Amore Pacific Mascara Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.8 Missha 7.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.8.2 Mascara Product Category, Application and Specification 7.8.2.1 Product A 7.8.2.2 Product B 7.8.3 Missha Mascara Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.9 Chanel 7.9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.9.2 Mascara Product Category, Application and Specification 7.9.2.1 Product A 7.9.2.2 Product B 7.9.3 Chanel Mascara Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.10 Alticor 7.10.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.10.2 Mascara Product Category, Application and Specification 7.10.2.1 Product A 7.10.2.2 Product B 7.10.3 Alticor Mascara Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.10.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.11 PIAS 7.12 Natura 7.13 Revlon 7.14 Oriflame 7.15 Groupe Rocher 7.16 Kose Corp 7.17 Beiersdorf 7.18 DHC 7.19 Gurwitch 7.20 Pola Orbis 7.21 Marie Dalgar 7.22 Carslan 7.23 Flamingo 7.24 Guerlain 7.25 Christian Dior 7.26 Givenchy 7.27 CLARINS 7.28 KENZO Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1228150 Continued…. Norah Trent Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)/+91 841 198 5042 (IND) email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Retail Kiosks Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Global Fruit and Vegetable Ingredient Market 2017 Segmentation, Demand, Growth, Trend, Opportunity and Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts ZoomerMedia Limited Announces Second Quarter Financial Results Helix BioPharma Corp. Closes Private Placement IIROC Trade Resumption / L’OCRCVM permet la reprise de la negociation – BUFF.P , DVC.H, HVST Rand Capital Announces First Quarter 2017 Results Georgia Southern University Selects Spectra Ticketing & Fan Engagement Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Bleaching Agents Market Research Report 2017 – BASF, Dow Chemicals, DuPont, Evonik, Spartan Chemical, Merck, Novozymes, AkzoNobel In this report, the global Bleaching Agents market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Bleaching Agents in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Global Bleaching Agents market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including BASF Dow Chemicals DuPont Evonik Spartan Chemical Merck Mitsubishi Gas Chemical Novozymes S. C. Johnson & Son Solvay The Clorox The Procter & Gamble Unilever Colgate-Palmolive AkzoNobel Arkema Ashland Clariant Hawkins Kemira Christeyns Aditya Birla Chemicals Shandong Huatai Interox Chemical Book a Free Sample Copy of the Report @ www.qyresearchreports.com/sample/sample.php?rep_id=106569… On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Chlorine Sodium Calcium Peroxide Other On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Bleaching Agents for each application, including Pulp and Paper Textile Chemical Industry Healthcare Other QYresearchreports.com delivers the latest strategic market intelligence to build a successful business footprint in China. Our syndicated and customized research reports provide companies with vital background information of the market and in-depth analysis on the Chinese trade and investment framework, which directly affects their business operations. QYResearchReports 1820 Avenue M Suite #1047 Brooklyn, NY 11230 United States Toll Free: 866-997-4948 (USA-CANADA) Tel: +1-518-618-1030 Website : www.qyresearchreports.com Email : sales@qyresearchreports.com Blog : marketresearchreportswarehouse.blogspot.in/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsEnergy & Environment Post navigation Previous PostPrevious American College of Gastroenterology (ACG), Allergan and Ironwood Pharmaceuticals Announce Winner of „Picture My IBS” Competition Next PostNext Strong Key Metrics Mask Underlying Softness in Legal Demand Among the Am Law 100 Search Recent Posts Cubic Boron Nitride Market – Evolving Industry Trends 2024 Education Apps Market : Size, Share, Analysis, Industry Trend, Growth and Demand Audited annual information of Invalda INVL for 2016 Tamper Evident Packaging Market size in terms of volume and value 2016-2026 AB „Invalda INVL“ 2016 m. audituota metinė informacija Proudly powered by WordPress
Hot50 Events Kidscreen Summit Kidscreen East Asian Animation Summit Awards Kidscreen Awards News Consumer Products From the Mag Kid Insight Kidscreened Marketing People Moves Screen Tech Events Magazine Latest Issue Magazine Archive Subscribe Contributors All Contributors Lana Castleman Jeremy Dickson Elizabeth Foster Wendy Goldman Getzler Alexandra Whyte Advertise  Newsletter Consumer Products Disney, Universal talk licensing life for threequels As Cars and Despicable Me each head to the big screen for the third time this June, Disney and Universal's consumer products EVPs dish on how they're keeping things fresh on the merch front. By Alexandra Whyte April 27, 2017 Even if Hollywood’s love affair with film franchises shows no signs of waning, not every movie can be like Toy Story 3 and make more than US$1 billion at the global box office. But as Cars and Despicable Me both head to the box office for the third time around—with June 16 and June 30 release dates, respectively—the two aren’t just vying for ticket sales. They will have contending licensing programs both hinged on keeping the flame alive for young fans. For Disney’s Cars 3, that involves a licensing push across every category—from toys to soup. “Some of our toy licensees include Mattel, Sphero, Thinkway, Funko and Lego,” says Josh Silverman, EVP of global licensing at Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media.”In addition, we’re looking to reach new audiences through collaborations on the apparel and accessories side, with brands including Members Only, Illest, New Balance and New Era, just to name a few.” On the consumables side, licensees include Campbell’s, Pepperidge Farms, Kraft, Juicy Juice, Johnson & Johnson, P&G and Coppertone. The first Cars movie debuted in 2006, meaning the audience for the third movie will be much older, and the younger cohort will be entirely new. These aspects were taken into account when planning the licensing for the movie, according to Silverman. “Because our stories and characters have such universal, generational and lasting appeal, we have an incredibly unique opportunity to continually reconnect with our fans during different phases in their lives,” says Silverman. “For fans that have grown up with the Cars franchise, we’ve worked hard to ensure we’re creating products and experiences that allow them to connect with the characters they know and love, but in a more elevated way.” The franchise is also banking on new characters to entice kids into being interested in similar products from past licensing programs. “Cars 3 is an opportunity to continue the story of a character and franchise that is already a fan-favorite, while also introducing some new ones to the world,” says Silverman. “With each film, sequel or standalone, we work closely with the filmmakers to authentically bring these characters and stories to life in product.” Cars 3‘s licensing program has additional pressure for master toy partner Mattel, which recently suffered major losses in Q1 and is banking on the brand to re-up sales. The New Balance Cars 3 shoes. Despicable Me, meanwhile, has signed on fewer partners, but is jumping head-first into the collectibles trend. “With Despicable Me 3, we’re launching our biggest and most expansive consumer products program for the franchise,” says Manuel Torres Port, EVP of worldwide consumer products for Universal Brand Development. “We’ve added new product categories and partners including WowWee’s MiP Minion and the Moose Mineez collectibles line, which features the largest collection of Despicable Me characters ever.” The Wowwee MiP Turbo collectible Minion toy for Despicable Me 3 Universal has signed Thinkway on as the master toy licensee and has partnered with Mega Bloks, PUMA, Moose Toys, WowWee, Hasbro Games and more. It is also trying to keep things fresh this time around by focusing on the latest toy trends, including STEM toys. And Illumination is introducing new characters to the franchise, which Torres Port says keeps the brand moving forward. “Our creative partners at Illumination continue to introduce characters and storylines with enduring fan-favorite qualities, and we look to build programs for consumers that are relevant to them,” says Torres Port.  “Collectability is a space that we are pursuing with the Moose Mineez line, and we know that STEM and innovation are important to consumers.” The Despicable Me 3 Moose Mineez collectibles. “We’re focusing on strengthening our approach globally with more programs in diverse markets, while introducing several new product categories into the franchise,” Torres Port adds. With the original Despicable Me film grossing US$543 million globally at the box office, and US$970 million for the sequel, Universal expects the latest installment to outpace past iterations, especially on the licensing front. “This franchise has grown year-after-year since its debut in 2010,” Torres Port says. “We’ve connected so well globally with fans that our consumer products continue to be a mainstay in the marketplace.” Along with competing against each other, Disney and Universal also have to contend with one of the biggest years on record for movie licensing programs. There are 25 films including Beauty and the Beast and Fate of the Furious also competing for box office and licensing supremacy. In other words, it’s a tough year to stand out. “Successful consumer programs always start with great storytelling. The Despicable Me franchise has massive global recognition and truly four-quadrant appeal,” says Torres Port. “When you couple strong demographics and awareness worldwide, with strong relationships with retailers and partners, you develop confidence and trust in the marketplace that translates to a powerful brand.” Silverman adds, “At The Walt Disney Company, storytelling is at the heart of everything we do. The amazing team at Pixar makes movies to tell great stories, and Cars 3 is no exception. It’s an inspiring movie that has allowed us to create products in new and exciting ways.”   TAGS:cars 3, despicable me 3, Disney, Illumintation, Josh Silverman, Manuel Torres Port, Pixar, Universal About The Author Alexandra Whyte is Kidscreen's Online Writer. Contact her at awhyte@brunico.com // Author Page Related Posts On the shelf: Tomy’s toy plans for Inside Out Disney’s gears up Inside Out app Jakks Pacific revises 2016 outlook after Q3 sales loss Jakks Pacific reports Q1 losses Latest Posts Consumer Products Build-A-Bear Workshop sees Q1 declines By Elizabeth Foster April 27, 2017 Consumer Products Fast & Furious speeds into robotic-AI game By Alexandra Whyte April 27, 2017 Screen Droners takes flight for TF1, Cyber Group By Jeremy Dickson April 27, 2017 More News Follow @kidscreen Tweets about kidscreen Screening Room Build-A-Bear Workshop sees Q1 declines Fast & Furious speeds into robotic-AI game Droners takes flight for TF1, Cyber Group Nickelodeon orders more Hunter Street Featured Popular Latest Link 1 Link 2 Link 3 Link 4 Link 5 Link 6 Link 7 Link 8 Link 9 Link 10 This is just some random content to show the different layouts possible Link 1 Link 2 Link 3 Link 4 Link 5 Link 6 Link 7 Link 8 Link 9 Link 10 Company About Kidscreen Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Home Contributors Subscribe Magazine Archive Events Features Hot50 From the Mag Global Pitch Guide Sections Consumer Products Kid Insight Kidscreened Marketing People Moves Screen Tech ™ Kidscreen is a trademark of Brunico Communications Ltd. Site copyright © 1996-2017 Kidscreen title, tagline and logo are trademarks of, and the events are produced by Brunico Marketing Inc. View our privacy policy Search Recent Topics Kidscreened Nickelodeon apps Disney mobile digital media Cartoon Network SVOD DHX Media Mattel YouTube toys Netflix CBeebies Hasbro Disney Channel Corus Entertainment Disney XD Toys 'R' Us Disney Junior Top tags Latest Posts Consumer Products Build-A-Bear Workshop sees Q1 declines By Elizabeth Foster April 27, 2017 Consumer Products Fast & Furious speeds into robotic-AI game By Alexandra Whyte April 27, 2017 Screen Droners takes flight for TF1, Cyber Group By Jeremy Dickson April 27, 2017 Menu Home News Consumer Products From the Mag Kid Insight Kidscreened Marketing People Moves Screen Tech Events Magazine Latest Issue Magazine Archive Subscribe Contributors All Contributors Lana Castleman Jeremy Dickson Elizabeth Foster Wendy Goldman Getzler Alexandra Whyte Advertise  Newsletter Brand Menu Account Hot50 Events Kidscreen Summit Kidscreen East Asian Animation Summit Awards Kidscreen Awards Our Company We understand your decision to use an ad blocker, however Kidscreen journalism takes time and funding... Subscriptions and advertising are both necessary to fund the journalism we bring to you. Please, whitelist kidscreen.com in your ad blocker and refresh your browser.
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Vinod Khanna Udan Vijay Mallya Donald Trump IPL 2017 News Lifestyle News FEATURE-Skin lightening under fire as Indians seek whiter shade of pale Shares1 Thu, 27 Apr 2017-07:04pm , Reuters By Rina Chandran MUMBAI, April 27 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Mirror, mirror on the wall - who is the fairest of them all? The one with the palest skin, of course. Or that's the idea behind India's multibillion-dollar skin lightening industry, with a host of 'fairness' products appearing to offer dark-skinned Indians a lighter, fairer, better version of themselves. Now the industry has come under fire after a popular Bollywood actor lashed out at India's obsession with fair skin and highlighted a persistent bias against darker faces. "You have to stop buying into the idea that a particular shade is better than others," Abhay Deol, an actor known for playing offbeat roles, said on his Facebook page this month. Deol lambasted his Bollywood peers - including Shah Rukh Khan, John Abraham, Shahid Kapur and Deepika Padukone - for endorsing so-called fairness brands and urged them to stop using their popularity to peddle products he called racist. "(These) campaigns are blatantly, and sometimes subtly, selling you the idea that whiter skin is better than darker skin," said Deol. NOT FAIR Controversy around 'fairness' products has raged for decades, with darker skin shades variously described as "dusky" and "wheatish", and lighter tones sold as more attractive. The market - which includes creams, face washes, deodorants, even a vaginal whitener - is estimated to be worth about 270 billion rupees ($4 billion) and is growing at a steady clip. Unilever Plc's Hindustan Unilever, Procter & Gamble, Nivea, Garnier and Emami are among those making fairness products. Hindustan Unilever's Fair & Lovely, launched in 1975, is India's best known fairness brand, and claims to be the world's first of very many skin-lightening cream. Scientists say some contain harmful bleaching ingredients. The World Health Organization banned the active ingredients – hydroquinone and mercury – from unregulated skin products. Research firm Centre for Science and Environment said in a 2014 study that nearly half the creams it tested in India contained mercury, which is "completely illegal and unlawful". A spokeswoman for Hindustan Unilever declined comment on the controversy. CASTE AT ROOT OF RACISM Some activists link the bias to an entrenched caste system, where higher-caste Brahmins generally have lighter skin. In a country where arranged marriages are still the norm, matrimonial ads consistently describe a woman's complexion, and dark-skinned women often pay a higher dowry, activists say. Bullying and taunting of dark-skinned girls and women is common, while dark-skinned actors complain of fewer roles. Advertising campaigns for various brands have typically depicted women - and increasingly men - as winning better jobs and partners, thanks to the fairness creams. But Kiran Khalap, co-founder of brand consultancy Chlorophyll in Mumbai, said the adverts were not to blame. "Our obsession with fair skin didn't come from HUL or Emami: it's a deep-seated cultural bias that equates being fair with being superior," he told the Thomson Reuters Foundation. "When a demand for a product exists, a manufacturer will cater to that demand. And people will buy that product, even without a Shah Rukh or a John Abraham telling them to buy." DARK IS BEAUTIFUL Nor is India alone in buying into the 'fairness' dream. Similar products are on sale in Southeast Asia, the Middle East and in parts of Africa, although India, with its population of 1.3 billion people, is a prized consumer market. Ivory Coast and Ghana have banned cosmetics containing hydroquinone, which critics say can cause cancer. A similar ban exists in Japan, South Africa and the European Union. Nivea recently pulled an ad in the Middle East with the tagline 'White is Purity' after it was slammed as racist. Advocacy group Women of Worth launched a 'Dark is Beautiful' campaign in 2009 with the tagline 'Stay unfair, stay beautiful,' to fight the "toxic belief that a person's worth is measured by the fairness of their skin". Members of India's upper house have called for a ban on advertisements for fairness products. There has also been legal action. A Delhi consumer court said in 2015 said Emami's advertisements for Fair and Handsome were a misrepresentation of the product's effectiveness. Emami has appealed the verdict. A spokeswoman for the company declined comment. Just last week, Times of India, the country's biggest English-language daily, ran a message about its popular matrimonial ads. "Don't you think it's unfair to ask a girl to be fair and beautiful?" the message read. "Henceforth, we hope that matrimonial ads will inspire people to choose girls based on their education rather than only their looks." But filmmaker Ram Subramanian wants action, not words, and his video on the topic has been viewed almost 3 million times. "Once upon a time slavery was acceptable, the caste system was acceptable, until someone said they were not," he said. "I want the government to ban these products because they cause so much damage," he said. ($1 = 64.1126 Indian rupees) (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Lifestyle Dimcha celebrates Bento Box Festival in May! Lifestyle This Lord of the Drinks promises not to rest on its laurels Lifestyle Sour is good Lifestyle Ex-IHM principal R K Saxena accuses Jashn-e-Oudh author of plagiarism; chef Ranveer Brar condems the act Lifestyle How demonetized notes are being made into art and products in India Lifestyle Touched! Live Cricket Score Kolkata Knight Riders vs Delhi Daredevils Fri, 28 April 2017, 04:00 PM IST Related Do teenage boys really care about being fair-skinned? Video WATCH: Baby elephant joins its mother in the cutest elephant attack on safari visitors! WATCH | #EarthDayWithDNA: Would you treat a person the way you treat the environment? Wayward cows and roadside dancing: WATCH this hilarious spoof of 'Fast and Furious' in India! View all Tags Emami Abhay Deol John Abraham Middle East Mumbai South Africa Thomson Reuters Foundation Centre for Science and Environment Deepika Padukone European Union Garnier Ghana Ivory Coast Japan Procter & Gamble Shah Rukh Khan Southeast Asia World Health Organization Times of India Shah Rukh Kiran Khalap Ram Subramanian Rina Chandran Shahid Kapur The World Health Organization SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Time for decisive action, not rhetoric: Cong on Kupwara attack Chakma & Hajong comminities cannot be givent ST status: Rijiju Time for decisive action, not rhetoric: Cong on Kupwara attack Time for decisive action, not rhetoric: Cong on Kupwara attack Alleged hawala operator arrested in EC bribery case Sport Soccer-Bullet point previews of Premier League matches Jose Mourinho defends Manchester United's approach, takes brutal dig at Sergio Aguero after draw at City Soccer-Rooney hopeful of future despite poor season Soccer-Bullet point previews of Premier League matches Soccer-Bullet point previews of Premier League matches Entertainment Laverne Cox to guest judge 'America's Got Talent' season 12 OMG! Saif Ali Khan's Langda Tyagi from 'Omkara' to have a film of its own! Baahubali 2: Two hours of the film over but where is Tamannaah Bhatia? KRK slams Baahubali 2, calls Prabhas and Rana Daggubati 'cartoons' 'Baahubali The Conclusion' yet to release in Tamil Nadu Money Jaitley promises no surprises in GST rate fixation Upsurge in demand lifts refined soya oil futures by 0.35% GST to push India's growth to over eight per cent: IMF Just Eat's chairman takes leave of absence for medical treatment Won't be able to ratify BBIN motor vehicle pact: Bhutan Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Login/Register Contact Us Advertise Central Penn Business Journal News Business Journal Daily News By Industry Banking & Finance Construction Education Energy & Environment Government Health Care Hospitality & Tourism Manufacturing & Distribution Marketing & Advertising Nonprofit Real Estate Retail Technology Transportation This Week's Issue This Week's Issue Briefcase Opinion Columns Newsmakers Off the Clock Digital Edition Editorial Cartoon Blogs All Blogs CPBJ Extra Blog Fast Forward Women in Business Morning Roundup 10 Things to do This Weekend Around The Globe Events Awards Programs Best Places to Work in PA Business of the Year Executive Management Awards Forty Under 40 Nonprofit Innovation Awards Top 50 Fastest Growing Companies Women of Influence Seminars & Symposiums 90 Ideas in 90 Minutes Being a Best Places to Work in PA Company Seminar CPBJ Webinar Series Health Care Symposium Real Estate & Development Symposium Community Events Post an Event Sign up for Event Information Special Editions Lists Lists and Directories 2016 CPBJ Top 100/250 2015 CPBJ Top 100/250 Complete a Survey 2016 Book of Lists Data Subscription Marketplace Photos Off the Clock Slideshows View / Purchase Event Photos Video Resources CPBJ Top 100/250 Insights Insights Home Insights Authors Subscribe Print, Digital & Data Subscriptions 8 Week Free Trial Subscription Daily & Other Newsletters Subscription Services FAQs Login Manufacturing & Distribution Speaker encourages manufacturers to innovate By David O'Connor, April 27, 2017 at 3:00 AM Doug Hall spoke at Pullo Center as the York-based Manufacturers' Association held its 111th annual event. - (Photo / David O'Connor) Doug Hall has seen it happen in all types of companies. "Companies, where there was no hope, all of a sudden had hope again. People who said they 'can never create anything,' all of a sudden get their name on a patent," Hall said. Hall, a best-selling business author and inventor who's called a "hands-on innovation practitioner," preached his message of business innovation to some 460 people Wednesday night at Penn State York. The high-energy Hall, author of seven books - including "Jump Start Your Business Brain" - spoke at Pullo Center as the York-based Manufacturers' Association held its 111th annual event. Hall is CEO and founder of the Ohio-based Eureka! Ranch and the Innovation Engineering Institute. It is the mission of both organizations, as Hall said, "to change the world through systems that enable innovation by everyone, everywhere, every day." A chemical engineer by education, he rose to the rank of master marketing investor at Proctor & Gamble. He has worked with sales, marketing and engineering teams to develop products and services for firms such as Ford, Nike, American Express and Walt Disney. In his address, Hall described the excitement he saw on workers' faces when they created something new. Hall said he thought that everyone "should get to do this ... we should enable them. We're going to create systems that enable innovation." Hall founded Innovation Engineering Institute at his alma mater, the University of Maine. The goal, he said, is to "change the world through systems that enable innovation" by all: "Everyone who works for you can do this. If you have every one of those people thinking of ideas, amazing things can happen." Some people in companies "have given up ... they're just getting along" and don't have the excitement that comes with being innovative, he added, but that doesn't have to be the case. The Manufacturers' Association wanted to have a unique speaker for this year's event "who could motivate regional manufacturers by showcasing new methods and practices of preparing their businesses for future growth and innovation,” Tom Palisin, the association’s executive director, had said. The association and York-based Mantec are planning to bring Hall back to the area to speak in September, officials said. Karl Rove, the author and former presidential adviser, was keynote speaker at the 2016 Manufacturers’ Association event. Other past speakers included Dr. Ben Carson, former U.S. House Speaker Newt Gingrich and Penn State football coach James Franklin. The Manufacturers' Association provides education, training and other assistance to more than 325 member companies in the manufacturing, production and logistics sectors in Pennsylvania and Maryland. More From This Industry • Ethane cracker could pump valuable resin into state's plastics industry • Wolf tours Eurofins Lancaster facility • Hershey pushing 'smart snacking' plan Share This Story: Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn   David O'Connor Dave O'Connor covers York County, higher education, nonprofits, and workforce development. Have a tip or question for him? Email him at davido@cpbj.com. Follow him on Twitter, @DaveOC_CPBJ. Leave a Comment Your Name: Validation: Comment: Please note: All comments will be reviewed and may take up to 24 hours to appear on the site. Post Comment View Comment Policy Comments Also on CPBJ.com Ace Hardware picks Lebanon hub as part of corporate restructuring Senate OKs nurse practitioner legislation Wolf tours Eurofins Lancaster facility Advanced search Most Popular Most Commented 1 Ace Hardware picks Lebanon hub as part of corporate restructuring 2 Williams CEO talks gas, regs in Harrisburg interview 3 Northwest Bank parent axes consumer loan offices, including two in midstate 4 State weighs 500-plus applicants for medical marijuana business 5 Construction-related firms want to grow, but experienced people are hard to find 1 Lawmakers introduce bill to consolidate state health, human services agencies (4) 2 Guest view: Home rule is not the only option for Harrisburg (3) 3 Cumberland Valley Visitors Bureau launches new beer trail (2) 4 Riverview Financial to merge with Clearfield bank (2) 5 Wolf: $40M rail investment to support 237 jobs (2) Featured News Ethane cracker could pump valuable resin into state's plastics industry The Whiteboard: X-Men characters troubled brands would like to see Golf tourney embraced by Wisconsin town Brown Golf exec talks consolidation, casual attire Developers clear regulatory obstacles to create destination course Buyers plan upgrades to York County golf course Central Penn Business Journal Latest News CPBJ in Print Subscribe to Print Subscribe to Email Newsletters Special Editions Lists Events Blogs Advertising With CPBJ Media Kit 2017 Editorial Calendar Event Sponsorships Production Info Classified Specs Customer Service Contact CPBJ Help & FAQ About CPBJ CPBJ Staff Directions Terms of Service Privacy Policy Purchase Photos Resources Classifieds Archive Search Surveys Business Lists Services Employee Engagement Surveys © 2017 BridgeTower Media. All information on this site is copyrighted by BridgeTower Media. All images are the sole property of BridgeTower Media and no rights are granted for any use without the express written consent of BridgeTower Media.
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World Trump: First 100 Days Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World Trump: First 100 Days Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Futures Pointing To Higher Open On Upbeat Earnings News 4/27/2017 8:58 AM ET The major U.S. index futures are pointing to a higher opening on Thursday, with stocks poised to move back to the upside after ending the previous session modestly lower. The markets may benefit from a positive reaction to the latest batch of earnings news, as a number of well-known companies have reported better than expected quarterly results. Stocks finished Wednesday's trading modestly lower after seeing strength for much of the trading session. The major averages pulled back going into the close, ending the session just below the unchanged line. The Dow dipped 21.03 points or 0.1 percent to 20,975.09, the Nasdaq edged down 0.27 points or less than a tenth of a percent to 6,025.23 and the S&P 500 slipped 1.16 points or 0.1 percent to 2,387.45. The lower close on Wall Street came after officials from President Donald Trump's administration unveiled the president's highly anticipated tax reform plan. White House chief economic adviser Gary Cohn and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin outlined Trump's plan in a briefing to reporters at the White House. Trump's tax reform plan would reduce the number of income tax brackets from seven to three, with a top rate of 35 percent and lower rates of 25 percent and 10 percent. The president's proposal would also lower the corporate tax rate to 15 percent from the current 35 percent. Trump's plan would also eliminate the alternative minimum tax as well as the estate tax, which is also known as the "death tax." Among individual stocks, shares of Twitter (TWTR) moved sharply higher after the social media giant reported better than expected first quarter results. Restaurant chain Chipotle Mexican Grill (CMG) also saw notable strength after reporting first quarter results that exceeded analyst estimates on both the top and bottom lines. Boeing (BA) also reported first quarter earnings that exceeded analyst estimates, although the aerospace giant reported revenues that came in below expectations. Consumer products giant Procter & Gamble (PG) also reported better than expected third quarter earnings on weaker than expected revenues. Shares of U.S. Steel (X) came under pressure after the steel giant reported a wider than expected first quarter loss on weaker than expected revenues. Commodity, Currency Markets Crude oil futures are sliding $0.82 to $48.80 a barrel after inching up $0.06 to $49.62 a barrel on Wednesday. Meanwhile, an ounce of gold is trading at $1,264.50, up $0.30 from the previous session's close of $1,264.20. On Wednesday, gold fell $3. On the currency front, the U.S. dollar is trading at 111.40 yen compared to the 111.06 yen it fetched at the close of New York trading on Wednesday. Against the euro, the dollar is valued at $1.0918 compared to yesterday's $1.0904. Asia Asian stocks fluctuated before closing mostly higher on Thursday after top White House officials finally unveiled the president's highly anticipated tax reform plan that includes significant reductions in both individual and corporate income tax rates. The proposal would lower the corporate tax rate to 15 percent from the current 35 percent and also eliminate the so-called "Death Tax" on estates. Analysts initially greeted President Donald Trump's tax plan as a starting point to simplify the U.S. tax code but warned that there were obstacles ahead. Chinese shares reversed initial losses to close modestly higher after official data showed profits earned by Chinese industrial firms climbed markedly in March, though at a slower pace than in the first two months of the year. Industrial profits surged an annual 23.8 percent, well below the 31.5 percent spike in the January to February period. However, it was much faster than the 8.5 percent growth in the year 2016. The benchmark Shanghai Composite Index rose 11.34 points or 0.36 percent to 3,152.19, while Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index climbed 120.05 points or 0.49 percent to 24,698.48. Australian shares moved in a narrow range before finishing higher, led by financial and gold mining stocks. The benchmark S&P/ASX 200 Index inched up 9.50 points or 0.16 percent to 5,921.50, while the broader All Ordinaries Index closed 7.60 points or 0.13 percent higher at 5,944.40. The big four banks rose between 0.6 percent and 1 percent ahead of earnings due next week. Gold miners Evolution and Northern Star climbed 3-5 percent as gold prices rebounded in Asian trading on skepticism over Trump's proposed tax reform. Energy major Santos fell as much 5.5 percent after the conservative government proposed a radical plan to restrict exports of liquefied natural gas when required. Lower copper prices weighed on mining stocks, with BHP Billiton, Rio Tinto and Fortescue Metals Group losing 1-3 percent. Ten Network slumped 19 percent after the company reported a massive half-year loss and warned of "material uncertainty" that may cast significant doubt on the group's ability to continue as a going concern. Wesfarmers dropped 1.5 percent on reporting muted growth in supermarket sales for the third quarter. Meanwhile, Japanese shares snapped a four-day rally as the Bank of Japan kept its policy steady while sounding more upbeat on the economy, citing a pick-up in overseas demand. The Nikkei 225 Index shed 37.56 points or 0.19 percent to finish at 19,251.87, and the broader Topix index closed 0.05 percent lower at 1,536.67. Takata shares plummeted 19.5 percent after reports that the airbag maker was considering filing for bankruptcy protection and then selling its core operations. Canon jumped 3.7 percent after lifting its full-year outlook. Europe The major European markets have moved to the downside on the day following the European Central Bank's monetary policy announcement. While the German DAX Index is down by 0.1 percent, the French CAC 40 Index is down by 0.3 percent and the U.K.'s FTSE 100 Index is down by 0.5 percent. The ECB left its key interest rates and the volume of asset purchases unchanged on Thursday and signaled that it was ready to boost stimulus if the economic outlook turned less favorable. Sweden's central bank left its key rate unchanged but extended the purchases of government bonds and delayed its expected timing for an interest rate hike until mid-2018. Deutsche Bank has moved lower after German lender more than doubled its first-quarter profit, but its revenue dropped due to the negative impact of credit spreads. Airline Lufthansa have tumbled after its first quarter net loss widened from last year. AstraZeneca has come under pressure after the drug giant reported weak profit and revenues in its first quarter amid declining sales of cholesterol treatment Crestor, which lost patent protection last year. On the other hand, Nokia shares have soared after the telecoms giant narrowed its first-quarter loss and said it was cautiously optimistic for the full year. Mediclinic shares have also spiked higher after the Abu Dhabi government canceled a requirement for citizens to make co-payments for private medical treatment. Lloyds Banking Group has rallied after the British bank more than doubled its first-quarter profit despite challenging trading conditions and the HBOS scandal. In economic news, German consumer confidence is set to improve markedly in May after two consecutive declines, survey data from market research group GfK showed. Separately, a monthly survey from the European Union showed that its economic sentiment indicator across the 19-country euro zone rose by 1.6 points in April to 109.6, the highest level in nearly a decade. U.S. Economic Reports The Labor Department released a report showing an unexpected increase in initial jobless claims in the week ended April 22nd. The report said initial jobless claims climbed to 257,000, an increase of 14,000 from the previous week's revised level of 243,000. The increase surprised economists, who had expected jobless claims to edge down to 241,000 from the 244,000 originally reported for the previous week. A separate report released by the Commerce Department showed that new orders for manufactured durable goods climbed by less than expected in the month of March. The Commerce Department said durable goods orders rose by 0.7 percent in March after jumping by a revised 2.3 percent in February. Economists had expected orders to surge up by 1.2 percent compared to the 1.8 percent increase that had been reported for the previous month. Excluding a jump in orders for transportation equipment, durable goods orders edged down by 0.2 percent in March after climbing by 0.7 percent in February. At 10 am ET, the National Association of Realtors is due to release its report on pending home sales in the month of March. Economists expect pending home sales to drop by 1.0 percent in March after spiking by 5.5 percent in February. A pending home sale is one in which a contract was signed but not yet closed. Normally, it takes four to six weeks to close a contracted sale. The Treasury Department is scheduled to announce the results of its auction of $28 billion worth of seven-year notes at 1 pm ET. Stocks in Focus Shares of Comcast (CMCSA) are moving higher in pre-market trading after the telecom giant reported first quarter results that exceeded analyst estimates. Auto giant Ford (F) may also see early strength after reporting better than expected first quarter results on both the top and bottom lines. Shares of Bristol-Myers (BMY) are also moving to the upside in pre-market trading after the drug giant reported first quarter results that topped expectations. On the other hand, Southwest Airlines (LUV) may come under pressure after reporting first quarter earnings and revenues that came in below analyst estimates. Biotechnology company Amgen (AMGN) reported first quarter earnings that exceeded expectations but on weaker than expected revenues. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Gold Diggers Delight: The Richest Single People On Earth Giraffes On The Savannah: Africa's 10 Tallest Skyscrapers The 10 Biggest Imports in the USA Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Google Parent Alphabet Q1 Profit Rises - Update Delta Boots Passenger For Using Bathroom During Long Delay On Tarmac McDonald's Getting Rid Of Hi-C Orange American Airlines Q1 Profit Drops; But Results Beat Estimates Ford Motor Q1 Results Top Estimates; Backs FY17 Profit View Nokia Stock Up On Narrower Q1 Net Loss, Sales Down; Backs Costs Savings View Airbus Q1 Profit Climbs, Adj. EBIT Down; Backs FY17 Earnings View AstraZeneca Q1 Profit, Revenues Down; Backs Weak Outlook For FY17; Stock Dips Deutsche Bank Q1 Profit Surges, Revenues Weak; Stock Down Samsung Q1 Profit Climbs, Sees Higher Earnings Ahead; Stock Up Samsung Q1 Profit Up 46%; Rejects Holding-company Structure Las Vegas Sands Q1 Profit Rises - Update Biotech Stocks Facing FDA Decision In May D-Day For CAPR Today, OMED Hands Out Pink Slips, JAZZ Hits Right Notes... Riding High: Briggs & Stratton Gainers & Losers Of Apr.24: PZRX, BCR, IMNP, ACHN, AKTX... Gainers & Losers Of Apr.26: AKBA, FLKS, BIOL, BABY, FLXN... AKBA Jumps On Otsuka Deal, MNOV Abuzz, CAPR Counting On HOPE... Capricor Reports Positive 6-month Results From Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy Trial Biogen: TECFIDERA, TYSABRI Data Show Improved Outcomes With Early MS Treatment Valeant's Bausch + Lomb Gets 510(k) Clearance From FDA For Vitesse - Quick Facts Blitz F16-83 To Launch Public Tender Offer To Epigenomics For EUR 7.52/share Delta Boots Passenger For Using Bathroom During Long Delay On Tarmac Uber: We Didn't Track People Who Deleted Our App Wacker Chemie Q1 Profit Surges; Raises FY17 Net Income Outlook - Quick Facts Sirius XM Acquires Automatic Labs - Quick Facts EARNINGS SUMMARY: Details of Range Resources Corp. Q1 Earnings Report Heidrick & Struggles International Inc. Q1 Profit Rises 174% EARNINGS SUMMARY: Details of Crown Castle International Corp Q1 Earnings Report Home Capital Under Fire, CFO Scampers Away Here's Your Last Chance To Get NES Classic Target Turning Shopping Carts In To Mario Karts EARNINGS SUMMARY: Details of GigaMedia Ltd. Q4 Earnings Report Lennox International Inc Q1 Income Climbs 44% EARNINGS SUMMARY: Details of Precision Drilling Corp. Q1 Earnings Report CropEnergies Board Proposes Doubling Dividend For FY 2016/17 Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Home News Local News Ohio National National Politics Crime Five on 2 Strange Dayton Gas Prices Traffic Map Mug Shots Weekly News Quiz Entertainment News Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast 7 Day Forecast Radar SatRad Closings and Delays Flight Delays & Cancellations Severe Risk Storm Team 2 Sky Cam Network Weather Blog WDTN Weather App Investigations Report It Sports First Four Sports Blog Cincinnati Reds NFL Cincinnati Bengals College Ohio State Football University of Dayton Wright State University Olympics Live Stream Living Dayton Living Dayton Hosts Contact Living Dayton Katie’s Baby Blog Cooking Katie’s Quick Tips Dayton Happenings DIY Health & Wellness Hot Topics More About Us Contact Us Work for us Contests Staff Bios Email Alerts Text Alerts What’s on NBC? TV Schedule WDTN Apps Terms of Use Privacy Policy 47° F Few Clouds Hi: 63° F Lo: 46° F Forecast Weather Blog Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Ohio National National Politics Crime Five on 2 Strange Dayton Gas Prices Traffic Map Mug Shots Weekly News Quiz Entertainment News Featured: Ohio Drug Overdose Latest Headlines Xenia citizens clash over school levy, prompt council to recess 12:54 am The levy would cost voters who own property valued at $100,000 about $12.26 per month. Vasquez belts 2 home runs to lead Dragons over Loons 9-1 April 27, 2017 James Vasquez blasted two home runs to lead the Dayton Dragons to a 9-1 win over the Great Lakes Loons on Thursday night. A crowd of 7,491 a… United moves to ease criticism with settlement, new policies April 27, 2017 Court: Employers can pay women less based on past salaries April 27, 2017 Arkansas prepares to wrap up aggressive execution schedule April 27, 2017 Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast 7 Day Forecast Radar SatRad Closings and Delays Flight Delays & Cancellations Severe Risk Storm Team 2 Sky Cam Network Weather Blog WDTN Weather App Current Conditions 47° F Few Clouds Feels Like: 45° F Wind: W 5 Humidity: 86% Dewpoint: 43° F Sunrise: 6:41 AM Sunset: 8:27 PM Dayton Weather Severe Weather 7 Day Forecast Current Temps Doppler Radar Sat/Rad Rainfall Sponsored by: Investigations Report It Sports Sports First Four Sports Blog Cincinnati Reds NFL Cincinnati Bengals College Ohio State Football University of Dayton Wright State University Olympics Latest Headlines Bengals select speedy wide receiver Ross out of Washington April 27, 2017 The Bengals found a running mate for A.J. Green in the first round of the NFL draft, passing on several highly-rated defensive players to ta… Vasquez belts 2 home runs to lead Dragons over Loons 9-1 April 27, 2017 James Vasquez blasted two home runs to lead the Dayton Dragons to a 9-1 win over the Great Lakes Loons on Thursday night. A crowd of 7,491 a… ESPN lays off 100 on-air personalities and writers April 26, 2017 Brewers finish off sweep of the Reds April 26, 2017 Dragons knocked out of first place with 11-3 loss at Bowling Green April 26, 2017 Live Stream Living Dayton Living Dayton Living Dayton Hosts Contact Living Dayton Katie’s Baby Blog Cooking Katie’s Quick Tips Dayton Happenings DIY Health & Wellness Hot Topics Latest Headlines The Big Lens Film Festival April 27, 2017 The annual Big Lens Film Festival features the premiere of new films directed by students of Wright State’s award-winning Motion Pictures pr… Chicken Sweet Corn Noodle Soup April 27, 2017 Cancer Hope is a support ministry at SouthBrook Christian Church. The mission is “to provide hope, encouragement and love through a communit… Go Red for Women April 27, 2017 Superhero Donut Run April 27, 2017 Drugged driving plus distracted driving is a deadly duo April 27, 2017 More About Us Contact Us Work for us Contests Staff Bios Email Alerts Text Alerts What’s on NBC? TV Schedule WDTN Apps Terms of Use Privacy Policy Search for: Search the site 47° F Few Clouds Hi: 63° F Lo: 46° F Charmin drops off load of toilet paper to Michigan’s Butt By Associated Press Published: April 27, 2017, 7:31 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) (Courtesy: Charmin Twitter Account) PICKERINGTON, Ohio (AP)– Michigan tight end Jake Butt doesn’t mind people having fun with his last name. The folks at Procter & Gamble sure are. The parent company of Charmin toilet paper delivered a truckload of the squeezably soft product to him in his hometown of Pickerington, Ohio, on Wednesday. The gesture surely was a nod to Butt’s last name, which elicits snickers wherever he goes. He embraces it. Have you seen the #CharminDumpTruck driving through? We've got a special destination for a butt-load of TP pic.twitter.com/ek9zBDF9wn — Charmin (@Charmin) April 25, 2017 @mstaudt1589 Now if only the tight end, named Butt goes in the #2 round of the draft. That's maximum Charmin right there. — Charmin (@Charmin) April 26, 2017 Share this: Tweet Email Print More Share on Tumblr Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Minnesota Police department’s 4/20 operations tweet goes viral 12-foot great white shark lingers off Myrtle Beach coast UD names Anthony Grant next basketball coach Suspect in Facebook video killing shoots himself to death Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WDTN.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others and keep the conversation on topic and civil. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending now on WDTN.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WDTN.com © 2000-2017 WDTN.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Site Map News Weather Report It Investigations Living Dayton Legal FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s Programs Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Station Contact Us Staff Bios Work for us TV Schedule Live Stream Contests Our Partners Media General Dayton’s CW NBC Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/zbk7w1n1ho9mk3/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
skip to main content Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto Sign In Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google+ Sign in with Yahoo! Sign in with AOL Sign in with LinkedIn Email Password Forgot your password? Need an account? Register here. WRAL.com News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Other News Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias National News The Latest: Attorney: Reports of execution 'horrifying' Education Police: Man in 40s fondled woman at UNC-CH library Sponsor @NCCapitol Cooper campaign promise tracker Find your lawmakers Crime and safety Interactive maps Recent mugshots NC Wanted: Report a tip WRAL on Apple TV, Roku & Fire TV Now Streaming › Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains Weather Resources CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Weather Officials: Low-lying areas of Wilson wait to dry out from heavy rain Sponsor Weather Photos: High water closes roads throughout Triangle DUALDoppler5000 Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Sports Sports Home Our Take All Columns Caulton Tudor Joe Ovies Adam Gold Lauren Brownlow Jeff Gravley Bob Holliday Mandy Mitchell NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers HighSchoolOT More Sports Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis More Schools Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw Carolina Panthers Panthers select Stanford RB Christian McCaffrey with No. 8 overall pick NFL Bears trade up, take QB Mitch Trubisky with No. 2 pick Sponsor Contests WRALSportsFan.com Auto Racing Challenge This week's on-air giveaways Win Tickets to Poison, Extreme & Jackyl Our Take Tudor: Early football signing period could be on the way Holliday: NCAA tournament gets the best refs, but what about chemistry? Manuel: UNC, NC State baseball rivalry returns to Chapel Hill Download the FREE app On iPhone/ iPad & Android › Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Analysis Score one for RTP: CEO explains why he bolted Silicon Valley for the Triangle Venture/Innovation Jim Goodnight talks adversity, best memories, Triangle's future (WTW Insider) Sponsor Changing economy IBM confirms new layoffs as part of a talent 'remix' WRAL's 'State of Inequality' looks at economic differences across NC WRAL on Apple TV, Roku & Fire TV Now Streaming › Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons DRAUGHON DRAWS: Legislature's crossover Editorial: Not expanding Medicaid - morally bankrupt, fiscally inexcusable Editorial: NC legislature -- Stop rigging state's elections Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Business Southwest Airlines to end practice of overbooking flights 5 On Your Side Regular file backup one solution to ransomware threat Business Wegmans supermarket to anchor Cary's version of North Hills 5 On Your Side Use proper technique to paint rooms like the pros Check rooms thoroughly to avoid bringing bed bugs home from vacation Smart tips to prevent identity theft Resources WRAL SmartShopper Consumer recalls Get Out of Debt Guy File a consumer complaint >> Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Pets Family House & Home Food & Shopping Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Outdoors Mosquitoes may be attracted to you if ... Family Airman home from deployment surprises kids Sponsor Best of spring Day trips from Raleigh Find egg hunts, bunny visits Farmers Market guide Flu season Five new flu deaths reported in NC; season total now at 136 WRAL News and Weather Now available on Amazon Echo › Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • More O&A Shopping & Retail Arts Sports Families Pets Community Yard Sales Seasonal Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Out and About Weekend best bets: Wing Fling, Midtown Music Fest Out and About 10 spring festivals to check out in the Triangle Sponsor Holiday Guide Weekend best bets Family fun Shop local Out & About Best Bets Calendar from Out & About Nightlife and Party Pics Submit your event The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Lottery Drawings Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Travel NC family passes down bassinet for 100 years Health Team TOPS program promotes losing weight safely, sensibly Live Video Schedule 4:30a WRAL Morning News Contact Us People of WRAL Contact WRAL Watch WRAL, WRAL2 TV schedule On the Record WRAL documentaries Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › 72° View: 7-Day | Hourly | Currently 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Weather 72° Menu Video WRAL.com Feeds Sign In Home News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Sports Sports Home All Columns NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw HighSchoolOT Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family House & Home Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • Shopping & Retail   • Arts   • Sports   • Families   • Pets   • Community   • Yard Sales   • Seasonal Lottery Celebrity Watch Nightlife Photos Contests Games Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto About Us Advertising Privacy & Terms Mobile Apps & Services Closings 2 closings/delays reported. View all Weather 42 NC counties and 2 VA counties are under alert, including Johnston, Nash, Halifax, Edgecombe, and Mecklenburg, VA counties. Details Published: 2017-04-27 06:08:00 Updated: 2017-04-27 06:08:00 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story WRAL SmartShopper How many coupons in the Sunday paper? Tags: Coupons, Grocery coupons Posted 6:08 a.m. yesterday Leave this field blank Your e-mail address:* Your friends e-mail addresses (comma separated):* Subject:* Message:*A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/17vpA Get a new codeAre you human?* You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters More on this Sunday coupon preview Coupsfortroops.org website How many coupon inserts will we have in the Sunday paper on April 30, 2017? There should be 4 inserts in the paper this weekend including 1 SmartSource insert, 2 RedPlum inserts and a P&G insert! You can see a preview of many of the coupons we will at HotCouponWorld.com. We won't get all the same coupons, but we will get many of the same ones. If you buy the paper at a store on Sunday (instead of getting a subscription delivered to your home), make sure you look inside the paper before you buy it so you can see that the coupons are in there. You will find that sometimes, the papers at the stores and in the paper boxes do not have coupons. Sometimes the newspaper runs out of coupon inserts and because the home delivery papers are the first to get the coupons, the papers that go to the stores do not always have all the coupons. And if you are looking for somewhere to donate your expired manufacturer coupons, our US troops overseas can use them at many on-base commissaries after they have expired. Find out where to send them at www.coupsfortroops.org. Happy shopping everyone! Credits Web Editor Faye Prosser Triangle Area Special Offers Free Credit Score - No Card Required! Enter To Win A $12,000 Bathroom Remodel Save 50% Off Your Pella Windows Installation PLUS 0% APR for 36-Months The 'as low as" rate is at 3.25% APR (15 yr.) UNC Core Program for Active Duty Military Personnel Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Subscribe to RSS feed Close Comments Comments Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First Newest First View all Meet the Author Contributors Faye Prosser WRAL Smart Shopper Connect Follow Follow Subscribe Search Printable coupons Coupon websites Kids eat free database Search other WRAL recipes Resources Frugal Living and Couponing 101 Coupon policies and reward programs Smart Spending workshop schedule Smart Spending Resources website Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Weather Photos: High water closes roads throughout Triangle Out and About Nightlife Photos Pets Pet Photos April 2017 National News The Latest: Attorney: Reports of execution 'horrifying' Local News Police: Death of man pulled from Neuse River not related to flood Outdoors Google Earth timelapse shows changing NC coastline Travel NC family passes down bassinet for 100 years National News Boy suspended for having too many lines shaved into hair Local News Large confederate flag getting attention along I-95 National News Pile of snakes found in Arkansas Walmart parking lot Business How United selects passengers for involuntary bumping Out and About Fayetteville Dogwood Festival Out and About New movies this week: The Circle, How to Be a Latin Lover Out and About 10 spring festivals to check out in the Triangle Out and About Weekend best bets: Wing Fling, Midtown Music Fest Our Take NC State v. UCLA: ACC's biggest NCAA game ever Documentaries Bitty & Beau's Coffee Carolina Panthers Five players Panthers should consider at No. 8 in NFL Draft Entertainment McDonald's new uniforms: inspired by Star Wars or '50 Shades of Gray'? Go Ask Mom Art, music, tarot cards, meditation: Museum's ArtScene offers free activities for teens Local News Gala celebrates group that provides professional support for women Weather Photos: High water closes roads throughout Triangle WRAL TV Thursday at 6: How scammers use ransomware to seize your data Out and About Art of Cool Fest offers mix of free programming Entertainment Berkeley protests peaceful as hundreds rally over Coulter Education Police: Man in 40s fondled woman at UNC-CH library National News The Latest: Attorney: Reports of execution 'horrifying' Local News Orange County approves plan to move Durham-Orange Light Rail Transit project forward Local News Nourishment project prepares Atlantic Beach for summer SmartShopper Giveaway: FREE Hungry Howie's Pizzas SmartShopper What's for dinner Thursday? @NCCapitol Cooper does end run around GOP court reduction plan @NCCapitol Senate OKs elections changes @NCCapitol Police body cameras still sensitive topic for lawmakers SPONSOR Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Weather Photos: High water closes roads throughout Triangle Out and About Nightlife Photos Pets Pet Photos April 2017 National News The Latest: Attorney: Reports of execution 'horrifying' Local News Police: Death of man pulled from Neuse River not related to flood Outdoors Google Earth timelapse shows changing NC coastline Travel NC family passes down bassinet for 100 years National News Boy suspended for having too many lines shaved into hair Local News Large confederate flag getting attention along I-95 National News Pile of snakes found in Arkansas Walmart parking lot Business How United selects passengers for involuntary bumping Out and About Fayetteville Dogwood Festival Out and About New movies this week: The Circle, How to Be a Latin Lover Out and About 10 spring festivals to check out in the Triangle Out and About Weekend best bets: Wing Fling, Midtown Music Fest Our Take NC State v. UCLA: ACC's biggest NCAA game ever Documentaries Bitty & Beau's Coffee Carolina Panthers Five players Panthers should consider at No. 8 in NFL Draft Entertainment McDonald's new uniforms: inspired by Star Wars or '50 Shades of Gray'? Go Ask Mom Art, music, tarot cards, meditation: Museum's ArtScene offers free activities for teens Local News Gala celebrates group that provides professional support for women Weather Photos: High water closes roads throughout Triangle WRAL TV Thursday at 6: How scammers use ransomware to seize your data Out and About Art of Cool Fest offers mix of free programming Entertainment Berkeley protests peaceful as hundreds rally over Coulter Education Police: Man in 40s fondled woman at UNC-CH library National News The Latest: Attorney: Reports of execution 'horrifying' Local News Orange County approves plan to move Durham-Orange Light Rail Transit project forward Local News Nourishment project prepares Atlantic Beach for summer SmartShopper Giveaway: FREE Hungry Howie's Pizzas SmartShopper What's for dinner Thursday? @NCCapitol Cooper does end run around GOP court reduction plan @NCCapitol Senate OKs elections changes @NCCapitol Police body cameras still sensitive topic for lawmakers WRAL.com RALEIGH • DURHAM FAYETTEVILLE About Us Help Contact Us Advertising CBC Digital Elements Ad Choices Mobile Privacy Terms of Use FCC Public File Closed Captioning Contests ©2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. Follow us on Facebook Twitter
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video UPDATE 1-Sweden's SCA to split in June with hygiene business listing Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Thu Apr 27, 2017 | 5:38am EDT UPDATE 1-Sweden's SCA to split in June with hygiene business listing * Prepares split into two listed companies * Hygiene ops Q1 adj EBIT 2.90 bln SEK vs consensus 2.85 bln * Forest prods Q1 EBIT 498 mln SEK vs consensus 566 mln (Adds detail, background, analyst comment, shares) By Anna Ringstrom and Helena Soderpalm STOCKHOLM, April 27 SCA will list its hygiene operations in June, the Swedish company said on Thursday, as it pursues a plan to split the business from forest products. Europe's largest private forest owner has grown the hygiene business, which produces tissues and nappies as well as incontinence and feminine care products, to around 85 percent of group turnover through restructuring and takeovers. Shareholders this month approved plans to split SCA into two companies by spinning off and listing the hygiene business, which competes with Kimberly-Clark and Procter & Gamble , under the name Essity. "The intention is that the first day of separate trading in the two companies will be in June 2017," it said on Thursday. A Swedish newspaper reported this month an offer was made for the business in March, sending SCA's shares to record highs. The paper later said SCA had rejected the bid. On Thursday, SCA shares were up 2.5 pct at 0847 GMT, taking a year-to-date increase to 16 percent. SCA said new targets for Essity were for annual organic growth of above 3 percent and adjusted return on capital employed of more than 15 percent. UBS analyst David Hallden said the new growth target was somewhat modest in comparison with SCA's former targets of 2-4 percent for the former Tissue division and 5-7 percent for the former Personal Care business. He said the plan to list Essity in June matched his expectations. Essity, whose brands include Tena, Tork and Libero, had a first-quarter operating profit before restructuring and other one-off costs of 2.9 billion crowns ($331 million), up from a year-ago 2.71 billion as higher volumes, better profitability and cost cuts outweighed higher raw material and energy costs. The mean forecast in a Reuters poll of analysts had been for a 2.85 billion crown profit. Essity generates the bulk of its turnover in Europe, but has a plan to grow its share of sales in emerging markets. In the quarter, organic sales grew 5 percent in emerging markets but shrank 1 percent in mature markets. The market leader on incontinence care products and no. 2 on tissue said the global market for hygiene products was somewhat challenging in the quarter. At SCA's forestry products business, which will make up the new SCA, operating profit shrank to 498 million crowns from 533 million, against an expected increase to 566 million. ($1 = 8.7680 Swedish crowns) (Editing by Niklas Pollard and Alexander Smith) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Market News BRIEF-Nyrstar sells Campo Morado mine for $20 mln cash consideration * Announced on Thursday sale of Campo Morado mine for a total cash consideration of $20 million MTU Aero Engines beats forecasts thanks to maintenance division BERLIN, April 28 German aircraft engine maker MTU Aero Engines reported a better than expected 19.6 percent rise in first quarter profit, driven by its business maintaining commercial jet engines. The company, whose customers include planemakers Boeing , Airbus and Bombardier, reported adjusted earnings before interest and tax (EBIT) of 157 million euros ($170.6 million), against average analyst expectations for 140 million euros. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Mascara Market Global Industry Analysis, Key Vendors, Opportunity & Forecast 2017 to 2022 “Global Mascara market” Global Mascara market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer Summary Global Mascara market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including L’Oreal Estee Lauder Procter & Gamble LVMH Coty Avon Amore Pacific Missha Chanel Alticor PIAS Natura Revlon Oriflame Groupe Rocher Kose Corp Beiersdorf DHC Gurwitch Pola Orbis Marie Dalgar Carslan Flamingo Guerlain Christian Dior Givenchy CLARINS KENZO  Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1228150-global-mascara-market-research-report-2017 Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Mascara in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Waterproof Water Resistant On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Mascara for each application, including Age 12-17 Age 18-24 Age 25-44 Age 45-64 At any Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1228150-global-mascara-market-research-report-2017 Table of Contents Global Mascara Market Research Report 2017 1 Mascara Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Mascara 1.2 Mascara Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Mascara Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Mascara Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Waterproof 1.2.4 Water Resistant 1.3 Global Mascara Segment by Application 1.3.1 Mascara Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Age 12-17 1.3.3 Age 18-24 1.3.4 Age 25-44 1.3.5 Age 45-64 1.4 Global Mascara Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Mascara Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Mascara (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Mascara Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Mascara Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) …. 7 Global Mascara Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 L’Oreal 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Mascara Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 L’Oreal Mascara Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Estee Lauder 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Mascara Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 Estee Lauder Mascara Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 Procter & Gamble 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Mascara Product Category, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 Procter & Gamble Mascara Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.4 LVMH 7.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.4.2 Mascara Product Category, Application and Specification 7.4.2.1 Product A 7.4.2.2 Product B 7.4.3 LVMH Mascara Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.5 Coty 7.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.5.2 Mascara Product Category, Application and Specification 7.5.2.1 Product A 7.5.2.2 Product B 7.5.3 Coty Mascara Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.6 Avon 7.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.6.2 Mascara Product Category, Application and Specification 7.6.2.1 Product A 7.6.2.2 Product B 7.6.3 Avon Mascara Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.7 Amore Pacific 7.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.7.2 Mascara Product Category, Application and Specification 7.7.2.1 Product A 7.7.2.2 Product B 7.7.3 Amore Pacific Mascara Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.8 Missha 7.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.8.2 Mascara Product Category, Application and Specification 7.8.2.1 Product A 7.8.2.2 Product B 7.8.3 Missha Mascara Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.9 Chanel 7.9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.9.2 Mascara Product Category, Application and Specification 7.9.2.1 Product A 7.9.2.2 Product B 7.9.3 Chanel Mascara Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.10 Alticor 7.10.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.10.2 Mascara Product Category, Application and Specification 7.10.2.1 Product A 7.10.2.2 Product B 7.10.3 Alticor Mascara Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.10.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.11 PIAS 7.12 Natura 7.13 Revlon 7.14 Oriflame 7.15 Groupe Rocher 7.16 Kose Corp 7.17 Beiersdorf 7.18 DHC 7.19 Gurwitch 7.20 Pola Orbis 7.21 Marie Dalgar 7.22 Carslan 7.23 Flamingo 7.24 Guerlain 7.25 Christian Dior 7.26 Givenchy 7.27 CLARINS 7.28 KENZO Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1228150 Continued…. Media Contact Company Name: Wiseguyreports.com Contact Person: Norah Trent Email: sales@wiseguyreports.com Phone: +1 646 845 9349, +44 208 133 9349 City: New York City State: NY Country: United States Website: www.wiseguyreports.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Fashion & Beauty, Lifestyle, Retail, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious FEC Announces Northern Gateway Partnership Next PostNext Pain management devices Market: Some Basic Influencing Factors Making It a Booming Industry with High CAGR as per New Research Search Recent Posts 2nd Annual Afognak Youth Charity Golf Tournament Global High Pressure Laminate (HPL) Market Forecasts to 2021 and Analysis Global Outboard Electric Trolling Motor Market Analysis to 2021 and Forecasts 2017 Bike Commuter of the Year Winners Announced SARES REGIS Multifamily Fund Acquires 1,094 Apartments in Q4 2016 Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » B2B Connect » B2B - Manufacturing Industry » News on Manufacturing Industry Covestro & STEM Learning to set up 4 mini science centres in Greater Noida Special on B2B   A Commercial Feature Business Standard A COMMERCIAL FEATURE What's this ? Commercial Feature is a Business Standard Digital Marketing Initiative. The Editorial/Content team at Business Standard has not contributed to writing or editing these articles. For further information, please write to assist@bsmail.in Tiger Logistics ropes in P&G Associates to tap defence logistics sector With this renewed focus, the company expects 10% increase in topline by the next 1-2 years BS B2B Bureau  |  Mumbai  April 27, 2017 Last Updated at 12:36 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UV4LCw ALSO READ IFC plans to invest $10 million in Zinka Logistics Logistics shares extends gain; Gati, Snowman up over 3% Domestic, global logistics companies look to India for increased investment Japan logistics major enters Indian container business via JV with ACTL Budget: A healthy kick start for logistics sector in 2017 Tiger Logistics India Limited is eyeing to tap the defence logistics sector, which is a niche segment with high entry barriers, by roping in P&G Associates, a leading advisory firm. The company has signed a memorandum of understanding with P&G Associates to explore the business opportunities in defence and paramilitary logistics (air force, army, naval & paramilitary forces).  Through this MoU, Cmde Gurpreet Singh Oberoi (retd) will render his service to be the defence advisor for Tiger Logistics. He has a vast experience in the defence sector which is expected to add significant addition in orders for the company.  With this, management of the company is expecting to increase the top line by 10 percent, based on the current market conditions. With few organised players left in the industry to serve a niche and highly sensitive segment as defence, Tiger Logistics is aiming to emerge as one of the leading players in the Indian defence logistics sector.  “With this strategic move, we aim to address the large opportunity in the space of defence logistics. We have assigned an industry expert Cmde Gurpreet Singh Oberoi to look after defence logistics who brings in vast understanding in this niche segment. We expect our topline to increase by 10 percent in the next 1-2 years with this renewed focus,” commented Harpreet Singh Malhotra, CMD, Tiger Logistics India Ltd. Tiger Logistics is one of the leading third party logistics (3PL) players with specialisation in international logistics handling import and export of cargos and projects.  Read More On Logistics | Tiger Logistics | P&g Associates | Defence | B2b Connect | News On Manufacturing Industry PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance FREE* Lifetime Demat Account. Premium SMS Advisory Learn & Develop Digital Business Strategies Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Get a Forex Card at 0 Currency Conversion Charges. Leadership Program with Prof Marshall Goldsmith New to investing in shares? FREE* Demat Account & Flat 20% Off on Brokerage. New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Tiger Logistics ropes in P&G Associates to tap defence logistics sector With this renewed focus, the company expects 10% increase in topline by the next 1-2 years With this renewed focus, the company expects 10% increase in topline by the next 1-2 years Tiger Logistics India Limited is eyeing to tap the defence logistics sector, which is a niche segment with high entry barriers, by roping in P&G Associates, a leading advisory firm. The company has signed a memorandum of understanding with P&G Associates to explore the business opportunities in defence and paramilitary logistics (air force, army, naval & paramilitary forces).  Through this MoU, Cmde Gurpreet Singh Oberoi (retd) will render his service to be the defence advisor for Tiger Logistics. He has a vast experience in the defence sector which is expected to add significant addition in orders for the company.  With this, management of the company is expecting to increase the top line by 10 percent, based on the current market conditions. With few organised players left in the industry to serve a niche and highly sensitive segment as defence, Tiger Logistics is aiming to emerge as one of the leading players in the Indian defence logistics sector.  “With this strategic move, we aim to address the large opportunity in the space of defence logistics. We have assigned an industry expert Cmde Gurpreet Singh Oberoi to look after defence logistics who brings in vast understanding in this niche segment. We expect our topline to increase by 10 percent in the next 1-2 years with this renewed focus,” commented Harpreet Singh Malhotra, CMD, Tiger Logistics India Ltd. Tiger Logistics is one of the leading third party logistics (3PL) players with specialisation in international logistics handling import and export of cargos and projects.  BS B2B Bureau Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Subscribe to the Business Standard b2b Connect Newsletters and stay updated with latest news, features, events and more in key industries Select one or more industry newsletters Chemical   Plastic & Polymers   Pharma   Manufacturing   Hospitality   All of the above       Submit   Tiger Logistics ropes in P&G Associates to tap defence logistics sector With this renewed focus, the company expects 10% increase in topline by the next 1-2 years Tiger Logistics India Limited is eyeing to tap the defence logistics sector, which is a niche segment with high entry barriers, by roping in P&G Associates, a leading advisory firm. The company has signed a memorandum of understanding with P&G Associates to explore the business opportunities in defence and paramilitary logistics (air force, army, naval & paramilitary forces).  Through this MoU, Cmde Gurpreet Singh Oberoi (retd) will render his service to be the defence advisor for Tiger Logistics. He has a vast experience in the defence sector which is expected to add significant addition in orders for the company.  With this, management of the company is expecting to increase the top line by 10 percent, based on the current market conditions. With few organised players left in the industry to serve a niche and highly sensitive segment as defence, Tiger Logistics is aiming to emerge as one of the leading players in the Indian defence logistics sector.  “With this strategic move, we aim to address the large opportunity in the space of defence logistics. We have assigned an industry expert Cmde Gurpreet Singh Oberoi to look after defence logistics who brings in vast understanding in this niche segment. We expect our topline to increase by 10 percent in the next 1-2 years with this renewed focus,” commented Harpreet Singh Malhotra, CMD, Tiger Logistics India Ltd. Tiger Logistics is one of the leading third party logistics (3PL) players with specialisation in international logistics handling import and export of cargos and projects.  BS B2B Bureau Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
What we do WARC brings together marketing information that helps you grow your business. Gain knowledge & know-how Unbiased advice on almost any advertising issue Stay on top of change Brand, category and media intelligence from the front lines of advertising Benchmark your advertising Find out how the world's most successful brands use advertising Uncover insights & trends Build powerful advertising ideas on smart insights Find data you can trust Global advertising data to help you make the right judgments Who uses WARC WARC is used by major companies from all corners of the advertising industry. Advertisers Benchmark your plans and improve your effectiveness Agencies Win new business, and grow your existing clients Media Owners Drive ad revenue by building a compelling case for your channel Universities Educate students, inform teaching and drive research Explore Get to know WARC through a few of our most popular resources. Awards Submit your case study to one of WARC's free-to-enter awards schemes WARC 100 Our annual ranking of the world's top marketing campaigns and companies News & Opinion Daily coverage of key developments for marketers worldwide Webinars Learn how to tackle marketing challenges from leading experts in our series of in-depth webinars Case Finder Search our cases by industry, media and more Topics Best practice and guidance on 100+ marketing topics Contact us Our offices around the world. Americas 2233 Wisconsin Ave NW Suite 535 Washington, DC 20007 United States t: +1 202 778 0680 e: americas@warc.com Asia Pacific 20A Teck Lim Road 088391 Singapore t: +65 3157 6200 e: asiapacific@warc.com EMEA 85 Newman Street London W1T 3EU United Kingdom t: +44 (0)20 7467 8100 e: enquiries@warc.com Full details for all offices > Log in Get a demo Tools Case Finder WARC 100 Strategy Toolkit ROI Benchmarker WARC Plus Pitch Builder Advanced Search Topics Topics Industry Sectors Geographies Best Practice Company Profiles Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Homepage Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards Log in Get a demo > Back Topics Brands & branding Campaign development Campaign measurement Consumer research & insight Marketing management Marketing strategy Media channels & touchpoints Media strategy Target audiences > Back Industry Sectors Alcoholic drinks Automotive Business & industrial Clothing & accessories Financial services Food Government & non-profit Household & domestic Leisure & entertainment Media & publishing Pharma & healthcare Retail Soft drinks Technology & electronics Telecoms & utilities Tobacco Toiletries & cosmetics Transport & tourism Geographies > Back Africa Australia & New Zealand Canada East Asia France Germany Greater China Italy Latin America Middle East & North Africa Russia & Eastern Europe South Asia South East Asia United Kingdom United States > Back Or try Advanced Search Get a demo Do I subscribe? News sign-up Measurement concerns fail to slow online ad spending News, 27 April 2017 Topics Advertising expenditure & forecasts Digital media planning & buying TORONTO: Two thirds of big brands will increase online adspend in 2017-18 despite growing concerns around performance metrics and viewability, a new report finds. A study undertaken by the World Federation of Advertisers and Ebiquity into the intentions and concerns of the world's largest advertisers, based on responses from more than 50 leading global advertisers, showed that brands are exercising increased caution when buying online advertising. The results indicated that advertisers are not convinced by current measurement standards in online advertising: 62% of respondents expressed dissatisfaction; and less than half (45%) could point to the value it adds. In addition, 72% of respondents believed that advertisers had over-invested in online advertising. This is in part due to concerns over viewability, which 90% of respondents labelled a 'major concern'. "Respondents demonstrate strong support for recent public calls by Marc Pritchard of Procter & Gamble and others for higher standards in independent measurement and verification in online advertising," said Nick Manning, Chief Strategy Officer for Ebiquity. Despite their concerns, two thirds of advertisers said they planned to increase online spend in the coming year; one fifth (21%) said they would reduce their paid online activity. The WFA noted that while advertisers were not yet convinced about the effectiveness of digital advertising, 75% were willing to accept the challenges it presents. There are significant motivations for advertising online, the foremost being to drive incremental reach – a major part of the decision to invest for 79% of marketers – followed by increasing brand awareness, cited by 69%. Just 55% cited 'precise targeting' as a major factor. Due to the perception that online video advertising contributes to a 'high effect', this channel will be the main beneficiary of increasing spend, with 89% of respondents indicating they will invest more this year. Advertisers are looking for proof, Manning added, and "a better understanding of how online contributes to their business performance and how it delivers meaningful return on investment". Data sourced from WFA; additional content by WARC staff Sign up for daily news Latest News P&G plans $2bn further marketing cuts News Global marketing activity continues to rise News comScore offers free ad viewability metrics News 30-second video ads still prevail in Europe News When bad things happen to good companies News China's online grocery market to double News Grab finds success with Singaporean influencers News Toyota wins WARC Innovation Awards 2017 View more News and Opinion More from WARC How marketers can achieve true advertising effectiveness P&G's Pritchard to digital deadbeats: Game over P&G's Pritchard takes on fakes, fraudsters and fearmongers P&G's Pritchard: Three priorities for the future of advertising ROI in 2017: Effectiveness in the digital age Get a demo Topics Advertising expenditure & forecasts Digital media planning & buying 
 Please enter your feedback. Submit Send feedback www.warc.com © Copyright 2017 All rights reserved including database rights. This electronic file is for the personal use of authorised users based at the subscribing company's office location. It may not be reproduced, posted on intranets, extranets or the internet, e-mailed, archived or shared electronically either within the purchaser's organisation or externally without express written permission from WARC. × Close Email this content Send colleagues a link to this content. To send to more than one recipient, put a comma between email addresss. Recipient name: Recipient email: Message (optional): Send me a copy of this email as well. Cancel Email Tools Case Finder WARC 100 ROI Benchmarker Strategy Toolkit WARC Plus Pitch Support Index Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards More About Contacts Help Sitemap Store Partners Event Listings Admap Best Practice Quotebank Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions © 2017 Copyright and Database Rights owned by WARC By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more here Hide message × Close Subscriber Login Not a subscriber? Forgotten your password? Login via Open Athens University Login Cancel Login
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     Global Urinary Incontinence Products Market by Types, Application with Price, Sale, Consumption and Revenue Forecast to 2022   View as PDF  Print View    Global Urinary Incontinence Products Market Report provide detailed analysis for the regions like United States, Canada, Mexico, Germany, France, UK, Italy, Russia, China, Japan, India, Korea, Southeast Asia, Australia, Brazil, Middle East and Africa Pune, India - April 26, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ -- Global Urinary Incontinence Products Industry Report offers market overview, segmentation by types, application, countries, key manufactures, cost analysis, industrial chain, sourcing strategy, downstream buyers, marketing strategy analysis, distributors/traders, factors affecting market, forecast and other important information for key insight. Access Complete Report at: https://www.themarketreports.com/report/2017-2022-global-top-countries-urinary-incontinence-products-market-report Companies profiled in this report are Kimberly-Clark, Sca, Unicharm, Procter & Gamble, First Quality Enterprises, Domtar, Medline, 3m, Covidien, B Braun, Cotton Incorporated, Tranquility, Hengan Group, Coco, Chiaus, Fuburg, Aab Group, Coloplast, Convatec, Flexicare Medical, Hollister, Marlen Manufacturing & Development in terms of Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors, Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017). Split by Product Types, with sales, revenue, price, market share of each type, can be divided into o Urine Absorbents o Urine Accepted Products/ Incontinence Bags o Others Split by applications, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Urinary Incontinence Products in each application, can be divided into o Hospital o Homecare o Nursing Homes o Others Purchase a copy of this report at: https://www.themarketreports.com/report/buy-now/424287 Table of Content: 1 Urinary Incontinence Products Market Overview 2 Global Urinary Incontinence Products Sales, Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Manufacturers 3 Global Urinary Incontinence Products Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017) 4 Global Urinary Incontinence Products Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 5 North America Urinary Incontinence Products Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017) 6 Latin America Urinary Incontinence Products Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017) 7 Europe Urinary Incontinence Products Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017) 8 Asia-Pacific Urinary Incontinence Products Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017) 9 Middle East and Africa Urinary Incontinence Products Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017) 10 Urinary Incontinence Products Manufacturing Cost Analysis 11 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 12 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 13 Market Effect Factors Analysis 14 Global Urinary Incontinence Products Market Forecast (2017-2022) 15 Research Findings and Conclusion 16 Appendix Inquire more for more details about this report at: https://www.themarketreports.com/report/ask-your-query/424287 Contact Info: Name: Shirsh Gupta Email: sales@themarketreports.com Organization: The Market Reports Address: SF-29, Sacred World, Wanawadi, Pune Phone: 6314071315 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/global-urinary-incontinence-products-market-by-types-application-with-price-sale-consumption-and-revenue-forecast-to-2022/191084 For more information, please visit https://www.themarketreports.com/report/2017-2022-global-top-countries-urinary-incontinence-products-market-report Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 191084 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Buyers Agents Definition Of Real Estate Agent Duties & Fees Video Released (Fri 28th Apr 17) Honolulu Lead Generation Online Marketing Business Promotion Services Launched (Fri 28th Apr 17) Foretec Pte. Ltd. Announces The Launch Of New Company Website For A Canada Migration Client (Fri 28th Apr 17) RepWarn: A New Form Of Online Reputation Management System Has Been Released (Fri 28th Apr 17) Kingstown Video Marketing Business Commercials Marketing Services Launched (Fri 28th Apr 17) Foretec Pte. Ltd. Announces the Launch of New Company Website for a New Zealand Migration Client (Fri 28th Apr 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Urinary Incontinence Products Market by Types, Application with Price, Sale, Consumption and Revenue Forecast to 2022   View as PDF  Print View    Global Urinary Incontinence Products Market Report provide detailed analysis for the regions like United States, Canada, Mexico, Germany, France, UK, Italy, Russia, China, Japan, India, Korea, Southeast Asia, Australia, Brazil, Middle East and Africa Pune, India – April 26, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ — Global Urinary Incontinence Products Industry Report offers market overview, segmentation by types, application, countries, key manufactures, cost analysis, industrial chain, sourcing strategy, downstream buyers, marketing strategy analysis, distributors/traders, factors affecting market, forecast and other important information for key insight. Access Complete Report at: https://www.themarketreports.com/report/2017-2022-global-top-countries-urinary-incontinence-products-market-report Companies profiled in this report are Kimberly-Clark, Sca, Unicharm, Procter & Gamble, First Quality Enterprises, Domtar, Medline, 3m, Covidien, B Braun, Cotton Incorporated, Tranquility, Hengan Group, Coco, Chiaus, Fuburg, Aab Group, Coloplast, Convatec, Flexicare Medical, Hollister, Marlen Manufacturing & Development in terms of Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors, Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017). Split by Product Types, with sales, revenue, price, market share of each type, can be divided into o Urine Absorbents o Urine Accepted Products/ Incontinence Bags o Others Split by applications, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Urinary Incontinence Products in each application, can be divided into o Hospital o Homecare o Nursing Homes o Others Purchase a copy of this report at: https://www.themarketreports.com/report/buy-now/424287 Table of Content: 1 Urinary Incontinence Products Market Overview 2 Global Urinary Incontinence Products Sales, Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Manufacturers 3 Global Urinary Incontinence Products Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017) 4 Global Urinary Incontinence Products Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 5 North America Urinary Incontinence Products Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017) 6 Latin America Urinary Incontinence Products Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017) 7 Europe Urinary Incontinence Products Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017) 8 Asia-Pacific Urinary Incontinence Products Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017) 9 Middle East and Africa Urinary Incontinence Products Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017) 10 Urinary Incontinence Products Manufacturing Cost Analysis 11 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 12 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 13 Market Effect Factors Analysis 14 Global Urinary Incontinence Products Market Forecast (2017-2022) 15 Research Findings and Conclusion 16 Appendix Inquire more for more details about this report at: https://www.themarketreports.com/report/ask-your-query/424287 Contact Info: Name: Shirsh Gupta Email: sales@themarketreports.com Organization: The Market Reports Address: SF-29, Sacred World, Wanawadi, Pune Phone: 6314071315 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/global-urinary-incontinence-products-market-by-types-application-with-price-sale-consumption-and-revenue-forecast-to-2022/191084 For more information, please visit https://www.themarketreports.com/report/2017-2022-global-top-countries-urinary-incontinence-products-market-report Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 191084 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Global UV PVD Coatings Market by Types, Application with Price, Sale, Consumption and Revenue Forecast to 2022 (Wed 26th Apr 17) Global Ursolic Acid Market by Types, Application with Price, Sale, Consumption and Revenue Forecast to 2022 (Wed 26th Apr 17) Global Universal Testing Machine Market by Types, Application with Price, Sale, Consumption and Revenue Forecast to 2022 (Wed 26th Apr 17) Anthracite Market by Manufacturers,Types,Regions and Applications Research Report Forecast to 2022 (Wed 26th Apr 17) Ad Blue Market Trends, Segment, Global Key Players and Forecast to 2027 (Wed 26th Apr 17) CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Ursolic Acid Market by Types, Application with Price, Sale, Consumption and Revenue Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Global Universal Testing Machine Market by Types, Application with Price, Sale, Consumption and Revenue Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Aeterna Zentaris Announces Replacement At the Market Issuance Program Camber Energy Announces Cost-Cutting Initiatives Arcos Dorados Holdings Inc. Announces the Filing of Its Annual Report on Form 20-F for Fiscal Year 2016 United Company RUSAL Plc: Overseas Regulatory Announcement, 2016 Annual Report Banco de Chile Files Form 20-F for the year 2016 Proudly powered by WordPress
Menu Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Fearless commentary on finance, economics, politics and power Follow yvessmith on Twitter Feedburner RSS Feed RSS Feed for Comments Subscribe via Email SUBSCRIBE Menu Skip to content Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Recent Items Gaius Publius: Obama Harvests His Presidency - 04/28/2017 - Jerri-Lynn Scofield Reminder: Washington DC Area Meetup Tonight, April 28! - 04/28/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 4/27/2017 - 04/27/2017 - Lambert Strether Links 4/27/2017 - 04/27/2017 - Lambert Strether Wall Street Journal Reports on Appearance of Private Equity Self-Dealing at Blackstone and Other Firms Nearly Four Years After We Broke the Story - 04/27/2017 - Yves Smith Why Anti-War Purity Tests Are Not Sound Political Strategy - 04/27/2017 - Yves Smith Mark Ames: Credit Suisse Decries Russian Inequality After Playing Leading Role in Creating It - 04/27/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 4/26/2017 - 04/26/2017 - Lambert Strether “Howard Marks Seems to Read Naked Capitalism” on Private Equity Fund-Level Borrowing That Juice Reported Returns While Increasing Risks - 04/26/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 4/27/2017 Posted on April 27, 2017 by Lambert Strether By Lambert Strether of Corrente . Trade “A readout of the calls sent out late last night by the White House narrows any chance that Trump will sign an executive order withdrawing from the deal, which was expected to happen Friday. It also signals a defeat for the economic nationalist faction of Trump’s advisory circle. Peter Navarro, the head of Trump’s National Trade Council, drafted the order in close cooperation with White House chief strategist Steve Bannon” [Politico]. “The White House readout also provided an indication that Trump will continue to follow the congressional consultation process as laid out by trade promotion authority legislation — a process Trump called ‘ridiculous’ last week. Trump and the other leaders agreed to ‘proceed swiftly, according to their required internal procedures, to enable the renegotiation of the NAFTA deal to the benefit of all three countries,’ the statement said.” “Proceed swiftly, according to their required internal procedures.” Is that like make haste, slowly? Politics Corruption Shot: “Obama’s $400,000 Wall Street Speech Is Completely In Character” [HuffPo]. Chaser: “Ask all the bankers he jailed for fraud.” Trump Transition “House Democrats will oppose a short-term spending bill if Republican leaders attempt to expedite an ObamaCare repeal bill this week, Rep. Steny Hoyer (D-Md.) warned Thursday” [The Hill]. “Hoyer, the Democratic whip, spoke with House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) Thursday morning to warn him of the Democrats’ position. The threat is significant because GOP leaders will likely need Democratic votes to pass a short-term spending bill in the face of opposition from conservatives historically opposed to government funding bills.” Too funny. Ryan is so bad that even the Democrats can outmaneuver him. “We expect Congress to pass a week-long stop-gap government funding bill. That means a shutdown will be averted, giving the two parties time to iron out more details, but pushing this crisis into another week. That’s a bad sign for other legislative priorities. By the way: no money was included to build a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border” [Politico]. “If the House schedules a vote [on a new version of the AHCA] soon, it’s not going to have any analysis from the Congressional Budget Office to look at. So it won’t have any idea how many states might apply for waivers from the required benefits or the ban on charging higher rates to sick people, or how many people might be affected” [Axios]. 2016 Post Mortem “The Clinton Comedy of Errors” [Current Affairs]. A review of Shattered, well worth a read. This caught my eye: Shattered depicts a calamity of a campaign. While on the surface, Hillary Clinton’s team were far more unified and capable than their counterparts in 2008 had been, behind the scenes there was utter discord. The senior staff engaged in constant backstabbing and intrigue, jockeying for access to the candidate and selectively keeping information from one another. Clinton herself never made it exactly clear who had responsibility for what, meaning that staff were in a constant competition to take control. Worse, Clinton was so sealed off from her own campaign that many senior team members had only met her briefly, and interacted with her only when she held conference calls to berate them for their failures. Allen and Parnes call the situation “an unholy mess, fraught with tangled lines of authority, petty jealousies, distorted priorities, and no sense of general purpose,” in which “no one was in charge.” Of course, a Clinton administration would have been completely different. Realignment and Legitimacy “A fall 2015 Harvard poll of 18-29 year olds reported integrity, level-headedness and authenticity as the three most valued attributes in a presidential candidate—some of which can be easily signaled through swearing” [Politico]. Authenticity: If you can fake that, you’ve got it made. Hence Perez using “sh*t” profusely, as we pointed out Tuesday (with a bit of history on how that worked out the last time we tried it). I mean, come on. Bernie doesn’t have to effing cuss, right? Could there be a reason for that? “Are Trump voters ruining America for all of us?” [USA Today]. Apparently so: The fact of the matter is that too many Trump supporters do not hold the president responsible for his mistakes or erratic behavior because they are incapable of recognizing them as mistakes. They lack the foundational knowledge and basic political engagement required to know the difference between facts and errors, or even between truth and lies. And yet, without a hint of irony or even cognitive dissidence, in the preceding paragraph we have this: Possibly. A hard knot of Hillary Clinton’s supporters, for example — led by Clinton herself — refuse to accept that her defeat was anything less than a plot by the Russians or the FBI (or both). The idea that Clinton was an awful candidate who ran a terrible campaign is utterly alien to them. Assuming that the headline is a Betteridge’s Law violation, one can only conclude that Trump voters had plenty of help. I mean, is Putin Derangement Syndrome based on foundational knowledge? Does it show the capacity to distinguish between truth and lies? “The ‘deep state’ is President Trump’s most compelling conspiracy theory” [WaPo]. (The headline is lazy journalism; the term doesn’t originate with Trump.) Results from Post polling: I don’t have the time or (right now) the inclination to disentangle the Post’s new definition of the “deep state” from other definitions. (Basically, I’ve suggested that since we’re stuck with the term, we try to retrofit a degree of conceptual rigor onto it through developing patterns of usage, but its advocates seem curiously unwilling to take up the challenge.) At this point, the “deep state” is rather like Obama: “a blank screen on which people of vastly different political stripes project their own views.” That is, no doubt, why organs like WaPo find it so useful. “Though Trump’s agenda has unified Democrats in near-term opposition, clear fault lines have quickly emerged about the party’s long-term strategy to regain power. On one side are those—largely affiliated with Senator Bernie Sanders—arguing for a biting message of economic populism, which is intended largely to recapture working-class white voters that stampeded to Trump in 2016. On the other are party strategists who want Democrats to offer a more centrist economic message, aimed primarily at reassuring white-collar suburbanites drawn to the party mostly around cultural issues:” [Ronald Brownstein, The Atlantic]. No, Ron. Please sit down. And just try, try, for once in your life, to say “working class” without prepending “white.” In my language: “[U]niversal programs that provide concrete material benefits, especially to the working class” are not intended to “recapture working-class white voters.” They are intended — after doing a lot of people a lot of good — to capture all working class voters, and to create a multigenerational left coalition of a New Deal-like scale and duration and power, instead of endlessly sintering together 50% plus one “coalitions” based on demographic verticals, as both liberals and conservatives have been doing, throughout their oscillations in office. That’s my story and I’m sticking to it. “The 22 Dems Supporting Sanders’ $15 Minimum Wage Bill… and 24 Who Aren’t” [Common Dreams]. Stats Watch Kansas City Fed Manufacturing Index, April 2017: “The pace of growth slowed in the Kansas City manufacturing sector from March’s unusually strong 20 to an April reading of 7” [Econoday]. “March was the strongest month for this report since early in the expansion, 6 years ago, which makes April’s numbers look weak by comparison.” And: “Kansas City Fed manufacturing has been one of the more stable districts and their index declined (similar to the other Fed districts). Key internals likewise were positive but declined” [Econintersect]. Durable Goods Orders, March 2017: “Aircraft lifted durable orders throughout the first quarter and made for a very solid 0.7 percent rise in March. But the story is different when excluding civilian aircraft as the ex-transportation reading fell 0.2 percent which is below Econoday’s low estimate” [Econoday]. “[C]ore capital goods (nondefense ex-aircraft) are soft.” And but: “This series has wide swings monthly so our primary metric is the three month rolling average which marginally improved. The real issue here is that inflation is starting to grab in this sector making real growth much less than appears at face value – and this month if we inflation adjust the rolling averages they decline. The trends on this series are indicating marginal economic improvement” [Econintersect]. “What should be concerning to analysts is the continuing contraction of backlog (unfilled orders) which have been contracting year-over-year since mid 2015.” And: “[T]here is no evidence of a significant increase in capital spending despite an underlying increase in business confidence” [Economic Calendar]. International Trade in Goods, March 2017: “Slightly narrower than expected” [Econoday]. “Exports fell 1.7 percent as both consumer goods and vehicles were down sharply. Lower oil prices during March also cut into exports, specifically industrial supplies which also fell sharply. Imports, likewise held down by lower oil prices, fell 0.7 percent but with consumer goods and capital goods, in inescapable signs of weak domestic demand, both down. Trade has not been a plus for the U.S. economy and the outlook for the rest of the year, given slow improvement in foreign markets and talk of trade wars, is guarded.” Pending Home Sales Index, March 2017: “Resales have been moving to expansion highs though moderate retracement is the outlook for April and perhaps even May” [Econoday]. “Though negative, today’s results are not a surprise for a housing sector that as a whole is entering the Spring selling season with strength.” But: “[R]olling averages marginally improved. Because there is so much noise in the monthly numbers the rolling averages are the best way to view the data” [Econintersect]. “I continue to see few signs that the residential sales market is improving.” Retail Inventories [Advance], March 2017: “Retail inventories rose 0.4 percent in March following a similar build in February. Much of the build may be unwanted given weakness in underlying retail sales” [Econoday]. “Inventory build is a positive for GDP but, against the backdrop of slow growth, is a likely negative for future production and employment.” Wholesale Inventories [Advance], March 2017: Edged lower and February revised down [Econoday]. “These results point to strong inventory management at the wholesale level but will be negatives for quarterly inventory change in tomorrow’s GDP report.” Bloomberg Consumer Comfort Index, week of April 23, 2017: Very strong [Econoday]. “Strength in confidence readings ultimately points to strength in the jobs outlook.” Retail: “Overall purchases of consumer packaged goods in the U.S. declined 2.5% in unit terms in the first quarter… hitting results at companies including Procter & Gamble Co., PepsiCo Inc. and Nestlé SA. The results suggest that the sector is undergoing a deep structural shift: The 20 largest consumer packaged goods companies last year had flat sales while smaller ones posted sales growth of 2.4%, according to Nielsen” [WSJ]. Crapification? Cost-consciousness? Alexa? (“Alexa, order tissues” vs. “Alexa, order Kleenex™.”) Real Estate: “[The U.S. industrial property segment] vacancy rate hits 5.3 percent, 300 basis points below 10-year average” [DC Velocity]. “U.S. industrial demand has been spurred by the growth of e-commerce, which has led to the development of more and larger warehouses and distribution centers. A recent pickup in the global economy and international trade has provided a secondary boost.” Shipping: “Container port congestion in China is spreading up and down the coast as new liner alliance schedules added to poor weather cause disruption to container shipping operations” [Lloyd’s Loading List]. “Forwarding sources said another factor in the congestion was improved access to the port of Shanghai via the Yangtze River. The completion of river improvements along the Yangtze meant vessels from western parts of China such as Chongqing can reach Shanghai more easily, which has increased the number of ships, one forwarder told Lloyd’s Loading List.” Shipping: “[UPS] first-quarter operating profit slipped 2.4 percent in the U.S. package division even as revenue rose 5 percent from a year earlier, Atlanta-based UPS said in a statement Thursday. That signaled continued challenges in the company’s efforts to benefit from surging e-commerce, since home deliveries are less efficient than shipments to businesses” [Bloomberg]. The Bezzle: “Uber targets 2020 for on-demand VTOL demo flights in Dallas and Dubai” [TechCrunch]. If only there were an algorithm that could replace the stories planted by public relations firms with blank space, or soothing music, or beautiful pictures of plants or animals… The Bezzle: “Juno always had the best sales pitch. The company started in New York in early 2016, a late entrant to the competitive ride-hailing business, but quickly made a name for itself by promising to be nicer to drivers. Juno pledged to keep its commission low, at 10% of a fare, and to operate a round-the-clock support center. It also told drivers that, by working enough hours, they could earn Juno stock from a special program, and share in the company’s long-term success” [Quartz]. Wait for it… “The agreement [Juno driver Steven Savader] signed does give Juno the option to pay him in cash instead of in shares. However, the numbers emailed to him today, and to a driver contacted by the New York Observer, suggest that Juno has priced the shares at less than 2 cents apiece. That’s not even a tenth of the $0.20 share price Juno advertised to drivers in recruiting materials last summer. Two other contracts seen by Quartz offered $100 payments for 1,604 and 3,580 shares respectively, or 2.8 cents and 6.2 cents per share, suggesting that there may have been a minimum payment of $100.” Read the whole thing, it’s just as slimy as you would expect. The Bezzle: “The $30bn sex tech industry is about to unveil its biggest blockbuster: a $15,000 robot companion that talks, learns, and never says no” [Guardian]. Public Relations: “United Airlines just announced 10 major changes to avoid another violent passenger-removal incident” [Business Insider]. This doesn’t look so bad, I have to say. Airline experts? Honey for the Bears: “Throughout San Francisco and Silicon Valley, cash-rich technology firms have built or are erecting bold, futuristic headquarters that convey their brands to employees and customers” [The Economist]. See Parkinson’s Law, chapter 6: It is now known that a perfection of planned layout is achieved only by institutions on the point of collapse…. [P]erfection of planning is a symptom of decay. During a period of exciting discovery or progress there is no time to plan the perfect headquarters. The time for that comes later, when all the important work has been done. Perfection, we know, is finality; and finality is death. Today’s Fear & Greed Index: 48 Neutral (previous close: 46, Neutral) [CNN]. One week ago: 34 (Fear). (0 is Extreme Fear; 100 is Extreme Greed). Last updated Apr 27 at 12:04pm. Black Injustice Tipping Point “How African-Americans Can Break the Cycle of Inherited Poverty” [Ebony]. This is rich, given that Ebony isn’t paying its (black) writers the money it owes them. “Blunt Talk: The Racist Origins of Pot Prohibition” [Rolling Stone]. “At first, back in the late 19th Century, academic and medical conversations about the dangers of inebriation included every popular mood-altering substance: cocaine and opium, yes, but also alcohol, tobacco, coffee, and tea. But in the next 50 years, concerns about inebriation only translated into law if the substance wasn’t already controlled by a powerful industry, and if there was a perception, accurate or not, that a given drug was being used by poor people, immigrants, and people of color.” Class Warfare The flood of inequality charts isn’t slowing: Income gains going to top 1% in 1954-7: 5% 1975-9: 25% 2009-12: 95%https://t.co/qJ7ZBYmd9O pic.twitter.com/ZmBQucq8TA &mdash; Conrad Hackett (@conradhackett) April 27, 2017 Another: CHART | Income #inequality in the US increased almost continuously from the late &#39;70s until 2013 https://t.co/QJqbxT4vAS pic.twitter.com/eC3jAQvC8g &mdash; Bruegel (@Bruegel_org) April 27, 2017 “Noticed today that there’s some new hostile architecture in Lamont Park: wooden dividers installed on all the benches so folks can’t lie down. I’ve lived on the block facing this park for 7 years and have never found people resting on the benches to be a problem. Anyone have an idea who is responsible for this and how we can speak out against it?” (photos) [Popville]. If the dividers are conservative dividers, look for the credit reader where you can pay for your rest. If the dividers are liberal dividers, survey the park for the gatekeeper who will determine, after an interview and extensive testing, whether you are worthy to lie down, or not. “The student loan crisis is fueled by a weak labor market” [Washington Center for Equitable Growth]. “The researchers find that falling home prices during the Great Recession were responsible for up to 32 percent of the growth in student loan defaults. What’s more, low-income borrowers appeared to be most sensitive to the change in home prices, probably because they faced the largest earning plunges, had the smallest savings cushions, and, as a result, may not have been able to continue repaying their loans.” “Boeing Co. could bring more work in-house as part of an effort to reduce the cost of building jetliners that also includes introducing more automation and job cuts” [Wall Street Journal]. Think they’ll do this in Seattle, Washington, or in union-busting South Carolina? News of the Wired Net neutrality: For those that don&#39;t understand, THIS is what the internet could look like without #NetNeutrality. ISPs could destroy small businesses. pic.twitter.com/cgtnL2GvZe &mdash; The Humanist Report (@HumanistReport) April 26, 2017 * * * Readers, feel free to contact me with (a) links, and even better (b) sources I should curate regularly, and (c) to find out how to send me images of plants. Vegetables are fine! Fungi are deemed to be honorary plants! See the previous Water Cooler (with plant) here. And here’s today’s plant (pq): pq writes: These trees are on my daily walk… I don’t know what made me think of the golden apples of the Hesperides, other than a fanciful imagination. The Hesperides were associated with sunset and west. Then, there is something magical about this tree in the golden light of the setting sun. * * * Readers, Water Cooler is a standalone entity, not supported by the very successful Naked Capitalism fundraiser just past. Now, I understand you may feel tapped out, but when and if you are able, please use the dropdown to choose your contribution, and then click the hat! Your tip will be welcome today, and indeed any day. Water Cooler will not exist without your continued help. Donate $25$50$75$100 00500 This entry was posted in Guest Post, Water Cooler on April 27, 2017 by Lambert Strether. About Lambert Strether Readers, I have had a correspondent characterize my views as realistic cynical. Let me briefly explain them. I believe in universal programs that provide concrete material benefits, especially to the working class. Medicare for All is the prime example, but tuition-free college and a Post Office Bank also fall under this heading. So do a Jobs Guarantee and a Debt Jubilee. Clearly, neither liberal Democrats nor conservative Republicans can deliver on such programs, because the two are different flavors of neoliberalism (“Because markets”). I don’t much care about the “ism” that delivers the benefits, although whichever one does have to put common humanity first, as opposed to markets. Could be a second FDR saving capitalism, democratic socialism leashing and collaring it, or communism razing it. I don’t much care, as long as the benefits are delivered. To me, the key issue — and this is why Medicare for All is always first with me — is the tens of thousands of excess “deaths from despair,” as described by the Case-Deaton study, and other recent studies. That enormous body count makes Medicare for All, at the very least, a moral and strategic imperative. And that level of suffering and organic damage makes the concerns of identity politics — even the worthy fight to help the refugees Bush, Obama, and Clinton’s wars created — bright shiny objects by comparison. Hence my frustration with the news flow — currently in my view the swirling intersection of two, separate Shock Doctrine campaigns, one by the Administration, and the other by out-of-power liberals and their allies in the State and in the press — a news flow that constantly forces me to focus on matters that I regard as of secondary importance to the excess deaths. What kind of political economy is it that halts or even reverses the increases in life expectancy that civilized societies have achieved? I am also very hopeful that the continuing destruction of both party establishments will open the space for voices supporting programs similar to those I have listed; let’s call such voices “the left.” Volatility creates opportunity, especially if the Democrat establishment, which puts markets first and opposes all such programs, isn’t allowed to get back into the saddle. Eyes on the prize! I love the tactical level, and secretly love even the horse race, since I’ve been blogging about it daily for fourteen years, but everything I write has this perspective at the back of it. View all posts by Lambert Strether → Post navigation ← Links 4/27/2017 Reminder: Washington DC Area Meetup Tonight, April 28! → Subscribe to Post Comments 142 comments JohnnyGL April 27, 2017 at 2:25 pm http://thehill.com/homenews/senate/330912-warren-troubled-by-obamas-speaking-fee This just in….Saint Obama is no longer infallible among Dems. Winds of change are blowing. Six months ago, you couldn’t get away with saying this kind of thing. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef April 27, 2017 at 2:41 pm Clinton is down. Now Obama. Pelosi? For how long? Only one big Democrat left – Schumer. Very few target him for challenge, yet. Reply ↓ curlydan April 27, 2017 at 3:21 pm He probably said to himself, “What did I make in a year as president? Oh yeah, $400,000. Now that’s what I want to make in an hour” Reply ↓ jrs April 27, 2017 at 3:47 pm you gotta pay your dues if you wanna sing the blues, and you know it don’t come easy … Reply ↓ David Carl Grimes April 27, 2017 at 7:46 pm Obama’s not concerned about optics anymore. Reply ↓ fresno dan April 27, 2017 at 3:35 pm JohnnyGL April 27, 2017 at 2:25 pm “The New York Times reported on Wednesday that Obama will receive the sum — equal to his annual pay as president — for a speech at Cantor Fitzgerald LP’s healthcare conference, though there has been no public announcement yet.” ======================================= Sheer coincidence that what Obama campaigned on and what Obama governed on appear to be influenced by rich people. Physics prevents single payer health care….dark energy, dark matter, dark, dark, money….. Until a strong majority of dems are ready to say what is patently obvious to anyone even mildly willing to acknowledge reality, i.e., that policy is decided not by a majority of voters, but by a majority of dollars, than there is simply no hope for reform. Reply ↓ DJG April 27, 2017 at 4:04 pm Something else to keep in mind is that Cantor Fitzgerald is the casus belli of the Global War on Terror. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2035616/Cantor-Fitzgerald-lost-658-960-workers-9-11-thrives-boss-nightmares.html War pays. Still another reason to be antiwar. Cantor Fitzgerald loses 700 people, and Syria now has something like 11 million displaced people / refugees. And who even bothers to count the Iraqi dead? That’s so 2002-ish. Obama isn’t just showing that he is a creature of the banks. Reply ↓ Big River Bandido April 27, 2017 at 7:03 pm Sticker seen on a Bedford Ave. lamppost in Williamsburg, 2002: God Bless Our Brave Stockbrokers Reply ↓ Huey Long April 27, 2017 at 7:49 pm Yikes! I wonder, was that in the: A) Hasidic Jewish B) Puerto Rican C) Hipster portion of Williamsburg? Reply ↓ voteforno6 April 27, 2017 at 6:40 pm There are still plenty of Dem-bots that don’t see the problem – after all, he’s a private citizen, who’ll never run for office again, so what could he possibly deliver to Wall Street? They seem to be totally unaware of the impact that this has on current and future officeholders. Also, they don’t seem to notice the gambling going on in the casino. Reply ↓ Matt Hinton April 27, 2017 at 8:25 pm I would not be surprised if it is a quid pro quo from when he was in office. Wall St could have said if you do this for me now before you leave office, then we will pay you $400k on several speeches when you leave office. Reply ↓ Optimader April 27, 2017 at 9:52 pm Ummmmm.. what else would it be? Lets hear you flex your imagination. This was utterly predictable Reply ↓ Marina Bart April 28, 2017 at 12:17 am I think the lovely thing about hiring someone like Barack Obama, who you have been socializing with since law school, or sipping cocktails with at FIRE industry fundraisers for Democrats in Chicago for years, is that none of this stuff ever has to be spelled out. Goldman, Citi, et al. knew who they were getting. Besides, Obama was kind of on his rookie contract. The idea is that he needs to do his very, very best for them for eight years, and then they’ll pay him what they think he deserves. That way, he continues to push himself to do better and better, in the hopes of an even better reward when he’s done. One nice thing about the fee being announced like this is that we can all see how much his efforts were valued by his masters. I wonder what he’d have gotten if he’d pushed TPP over the finish line. A cool million for a hand wave? Reply ↓ allan April 27, 2017 at 2:34 pm Corporate gobbledygook that just landed in my Inbox: … We can never say we are sorry enough for what occurred, but we also know meaningful actions will speak louder than words. For the past several weeks, we have been urgently working to answer two questions: How did this happen, and how can we do our best to ensure this never happens again? It happened because our corporate policies were placed ahead of our shared values. Our procedures got in the way of our employees doing what they know is right. … Quiz: was this message from 1. Unroll.me 2. American 3. Delta 4. United 5. Facebook 6. Goldman Sachs [as if] The winner will be sent a giant rabbit overnight from the UK. Reply ↓ Tim April 27, 2017 at 2:57 pm 4. United. No rabbit please. I don’t want it to die in transit. On a more serious note, these changes do seem to be positive, and very comprehensive. However the usual “out” is what is considered a security issue is still there. The doctor was getting belligerent about not leaving his seat. An airline attendant could and may have considered that a security issue and still call in the wild dogs in that event. Hopefully the training will address that specifically. I do know CEOs do not like not being in control. Once the police get involved United is no longer in control and that bit them, so motivations seem reasonable to institute calling security as a very very last resort going forward via policy and training. Reply ↓ fresno dan April 27, 2017 at 3:24 pm Tim April 27, 2017 at 2:57 pm “No rabbit please. I don’t want it to die in transit.” They didn’t say they were sending a rabbit that was alive at departure….a “Heisenberg uncertainty rabbit” so to speak. Whether your rabbit is alive, or you have a seat on a United flight, its all in a state of indeterminacy….. Reply ↓ Kurtismayfield April 27, 2017 at 3:51 pm This is the main problem. He said no to Law enforcement individual..this is blasphemy in the United States of America. The fact that he resisted is going to give the officers all the cover that they need. And the rabbit isn’t dead or alive until it is observed Reply ↓ Huey Long April 27, 2017 at 5:40 pm +1 In my blue collar place of business, the discussion around the lunch table revolved around how the guy who was beaten up and removed was an idiot, should have listened to the cops, deserved all of his injuries, should receive no settlement, and should be locked up. As the resident shop lefty, I was the only one not in agreement with the rest of the guys at the table. Reply ↓ Aumua April 27, 2017 at 11:57 pm I’m still struck by how some of the other passengers were remarking on how wrong it all was, but not one said “Alright, you know what? I’ll give my seat up, it’s ok.” That whole scene could have nipped in the bud by any of those other passengers. Was the doctor behaving poorly? I think so, but that’s not grounds for being smacked down. Not in a healthy society. He disobeyed law enforcement though.. that’s a no no in the land of the free. Reply ↓ FluffytheObeseCat April 28, 2017 at 1:49 am I have a real simple question: what the hell is wrong with the people you work with? Is it just that he was a doctor and Chinese? Seriously. I’m usually the one coming out with searing statements against our precious elites. Screw their so called right wing conservatism. They think some guy on a plane should put up with being defrauded because the officious corporate fraudsters got the cops involved? It’s always good for me to be reminded that our dainty, coastal Clintonites aren’t the only precious, pretentious twerps swaggering around the U. S. of A. A lot of our so-called blue collar types match them petty certitude for petty certitude. Reply ↓ Kokuanani April 27, 2017 at 4:02 pm I note that United is upping the limit to what it will offer to those who “voluntarily reschedule” [i.e., agree to be bumped] to $10,000. This seems to me an incredibly stupid move. Who’s going to accept $400 or $800 to give up their seat when they know they can hold out for $10K? I see some L-O-N-G “auctions” at the boarding gate as escalating offers are made and no one bites. Reply ↓ meme April 27, 2017 at 10:02 pm I think there will be a point where someone will “bite” LONG before they hit $10,000. Holding out too long may mean you aren’t the one that gets, say, $2500, which is a significant amount of money to most people. Assuming it is a cash payment, of course. Reply ↓ toolate April 27, 2017 at 10:31 pm i once got 800$ a person for family of 4 for a 12 hour delay plus hotel and meals and cab. Believe me, i would easily do that again. Reply ↓ Aumua April 28, 2017 at 12:04 am Well maybe that will make them think twice about overbooking every freaking flight, and/or bumping their paying customers in favor of staff. Reply ↓ Vincent Berg April 27, 2017 at 4:10 pm 7. Democrat Party Reply ↓ crittermom April 27, 2017 at 4:55 pm Perfect answer! But wait…the Dems don’t apologize since they never do wrong. Reply ↓ OpenThePodBayDoorsHAL April 27, 2017 at 6:14 pm Dems wouldn’t apologize because they haven’t done anything wrong, they represent the interests of their constituents perfectly. (The squirmy part comes when they try to explain to actual people that the policies they pursue on behalf of their constituents is somehow good for them, too). Obama’s speech is the perfect nexus: The WIC (Wall St Industrial Complex), the HIC (Health Industrial Complex), and the DIC (Democrat Industrial Complex), all conveniently located on one room at the same time. (Only lacking a Guy Fawkes in the basement underneath with multiple large kegs of gunpowder). Reply ↓ Christopher Fay April 27, 2017 at 8:17 pm That’s the Wall St. / Washington D C Axis, two poles, according to me. Reply ↓ sporble April 27, 2017 at 5:12 pm Amusing – but too fantastical. Would the Dems actually 1. apologize 2. admit they got something wrong, and 3. suggest Putin didn’t act alone? Talk about a 3-pronged unicorn… Reply ↓ DJG April 27, 2017 at 4:14 pm Here’s the compensation question. United says this, according to the Business Insider article: “Increase customer compensation incentives for voluntary denied boarding up to $10,000.” Effective Friday. Now, does a person get $10,000 in credits to use any way the person wants with United and its Star Alliance partners like Lufthansa? {I’m not holding my breath.} Or do you get it in $100 vouchers, good one at a time on domestic flights? And are there blackout dates and expiration dates on the vouchers? Or do you get a $10,000 debit card, good only for buying that ultra-yummy food on a United flight? I can hardly wait. Even more Stroop Waffels for me. Reply ↓ sierra7 April 28, 2017 at 12:15 am “up to $10,000.” Conditional phraseology. Last refuge of small print. Many will settle for less….or fly the “black eye”. Reply ↓ RUKidding April 27, 2017 at 5:08 pm United. All their high-falutin’ payouts probably don’t mean jack. What can use $10k for if it’s all in United vouchers that have to be used within a certain period of time – typically no longer than 1 year from issue (and sometimes shorter). And sometimes it’s hard to cash in those vouchers. You may have to go out to your local airport to use them for purchasing flights. Somehow Osar’s email to me didn’t make me feel all warm ‘n fuzzy. I still think United SUCKS. Go away. Reply ↓ jawbonw April 27, 2017 at 6:21 pm Are vouchers taxable? Even if not used? Reply ↓ jawbonw April 27, 2017 at 6:22 pm Are vouchers taxable? Even if not used? Update — typo. Nym is jawbone. Reply ↓ todde April 27, 2017 at 7:46 pm Extraordinary comps are considered taxable by the irs for gambling purposes. I don’t know to be honest Reply ↓ Carl April 28, 2017 at 12:14 am Give up those basic economy seats and I’ll believe you when you say actions speak louder than words. Until then, you’re just another shitty US carrier. Reply ↓ Martin Finnucane April 27, 2017 at 2:36 pm Re the Wapo poll: I was not aware that calling an idea a “conspiracy theory” necessarily meant that it is not true. Lo and behold, such is exactly how Wikipedia defines it. I find it interesting that “conspiracy theory” is necessarily a pejorative term, at least here in the U.S. Reply ↓ Ed April 27, 2017 at 3:08 pm “Conspiracy theory” is a pejorative term in the US because of a CIA run disinformation campaign. http://www.unz.com/runz/american-pravda-how-the-cia-invented-conspiracy-theories/ Reply ↓ Aumua April 28, 2017 at 12:07 am Maybe, but there are also good reasons for clear thinking individuals to treat conspiracy theories in general with a healthy dose of skepticism. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether Post authorApril 27, 2017 at 4:16 pm Well, you need a word for nutty stuff like birtherism or Putin Derangement Syndrome, and the general human tendency to project order onto chaos. Do you have an alternative to propose? Reply ↓ MtnLife April 27, 2017 at 6:18 pm Crackpot lunacy or batsh!t craziness. I think you can throw most Dem and Repub policies in that category as well. Conspiracy theory, as Ed left a link to, was created to debase those who were getting too close to the truth. If you think either of those things has an element of truth then conspiracy theory works. I think it is also one of those words that has different meanings depending on who speaks it like, for example, queer. Said by a LGBTQer it is a mark of pride. Said by some ignorant redneck it’s an insult. Conspiracy theory said by intelligence people or the media means your current theory is on the right track. Said by average Americans it means “I don’t want to think critically about this so I’ll use the government term for crazy.” I’ve also been thinking: what about Dark State instead of Deep State? Gets away from the Turkey connotations and the terms feels more appropriate to the secretive malevolence generated by said body. Reply ↓ Adams April 27, 2017 at 4:57 pm As we all know, just because you’re paranoid doesn’t mean they’re not out to get you. Reply ↓ Altandmain April 27, 2017 at 2:36 pm Just wondering, what is happening to Chicago and Cook County? The state of Illinois as a whole is losing people. https://www.wbez.org/shows/wbez-news/cook-county-records-thirdconsecutive-population-decline/bb918b02-4c82-4741-b033-516d2c47944c People seem to be leaving en masse. Has the mayor Rahm Emanuel really messed up? Is the job market in Illinois just awful? Reply ↓ j84ustin April 27, 2017 at 2:58 pm 1) Cook County only declined by 0.4% YOY. Not breathtaking, but of course not necessarily a good sign. However, 2) CHA demolished practically all of its high rise housing over the last 10+ years and many of those people have left the City, County, or the region (which was probably the goal). Chicago has lost more black people than any other race or ethnicity, and I suspect this accounts for at least some of the decline. Reply ↓ JohnnyGL April 27, 2017 at 3:21 pm Gotcha, so it’s Mission Accomplished for Rahm? Reply ↓ nowhere April 27, 2017 at 5:22 pm In all fairness, this started WAY before Rahm; he’s just the current hatchet holder. Reply ↓ Altandmain April 27, 2017 at 7:34 pm It’s a trickle, but it seems to becoming a trend as it is 3 years in a row at a time when the US is still growing in population. Chicago leads the US for the second year in a row in largest population drop: http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/local/breaking/ct-chicago-census-population-loss-met-20170322-story.html I think that the distant second was Wayne County, Michigan. It seems to be a combination of everything – especially poor jobs and high living costs. Reply ↓ DJG April 27, 2017 at 4:22 pm j84austin points to the main cause: In the 2010 census, unlike New York proper and Los Angeles proper, both of which gained population. Chicago dropped from about 2.9 million to 2.7 million, or 10 percent. The main drop has been in the black population. Black people are fleeing. It is indeed part of the general atmosphere of looting the school system, privatizing public assets like street parking, and raising various use / excise taxes along with property taxes. The job market isn’t bad: With the usual conditions. Chicago now draws lots of young college graduates who want to work in edgy, disruptive companies like the fabled Groupon. And for anyone who has lived for a long time in Illinois there also comes a moment when you realize that you can’t take another winter. Much of the rest of Illinois is still losing population. I ran across a reference recently to a town, Savanna, in the Mississippi Valley, that has managed to lose quite a bit of its population in the last 20 years. A shame: Savanna is a scenic town, poised on a bluff, one of those “picture postcard” places (and there are more in Illinois than one would suspect given its tough-guy image). Savanna, not so coincidentally, is in the part of the upper Mississippi Valley that Clinton could not capture, even though Obama had. Reply ↓ Huey Long April 27, 2017 at 5:51 pm I’m not surprised the black population of Chicago is running for the hills considering the 4300+ shootings and 750+ murders that occurred there last year, primarily in black neighborhoods. I also wouldn’t be surprised if they end up moving back to places like the Mississippi Delta, where most of these people have roots and relatives they see periodically at family reunions. Blacks in Chicago are a relatively recent phenomenon, dating back to the 1940’s-1960’s when labor was needed in Chicago and herbicides/mechanization displaced lots of farm workers in the delta. Chicago was a natural destination due to the layout of the railroads in the area. The Promised Land: The Great Black Migration and How It Changed America by Nicholas Lemann is a great book on this phenomenon and I highly recommend it. Reply ↓ DJG April 27, 2017 at 6:09 pm Black people are not new to Chicago. Much racial history in the entry: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chicago_race_riot_of_1919 Reply ↓ Huey Long April 27, 2017 at 6:19 pm I stand corrected! Thanks DJG. Reply ↓ DJG April 27, 2017 at 6:20 pm The black community goes back further than the 1940s as a major influence on the city: http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/nationworld/politics/chi-chicagodays-louisarmstrong-story-story.html Reply ↓ Altandmain April 27, 2017 at 7:38 pm So it is an exodus of African Americans due to the neoliberal economic policies. Sounds like everywhere else. And for anyone who has lived for a long time in Illinois there also comes a moment when you realize that you can’t take another winter. Maybe I’m from Canada so I will struggle to empathize with this one, but from what I can tell all of the Great Lakes areas have very mild winters. My other question is how can people who have lived there for years, decades, or even generations suddenly decide they cannot take another winter? I think it is the collapse in social services as you note. Reply ↓ Fox Blew April 27, 2017 at 2:42 pm Re: Net neutrality. I’m still not convinced of the merits from either side of the argument. Likely I just don’t understand the nuances. And even more likely, I just don’t see the internet as “essential” to our existence. I remember the promises of the internet. My take from the early 90’s was that it was going to be a global and collective encyclopedia. Knowledge is king. That type of thing. But isn’t it just a tool for vices and shallow entertainment? (This blog is an exception, of course. “Hear! Hear!”…hands slapping parliamentary desks.) Anyway, I would love to hear a decent and proper definition of net neutrality and genuine pros and cons on the concept. Thanks! Reply ↓ JustAnObserver April 27, 2017 at 3:11 pm Very roughly its this: Your internet performance – data rate, packet delay, packet error rate, etc. – is independent of the site you’re visiting (*). It’s important that this is a measure of the *internet* itself and not that of the web server that’s responding to your request. (*) More exactly: At each “hop” as the packets get moved by the internet routers the hop delay should be independent of the source & destination IP addresses. The ISPs are not allowed to e.g. bandwidth throttle a connection dependent on whether the destination IP is Google, MS’ft, Apple, etc. Or, more perniciously, choose a different route with more hops or slower and/or more congested connections Reply ↓ Goyo Marquez April 27, 2017 at 3:28 pm Net neutrality, AIUI, means not turning the internet into cable T.V., where you must “pay” for each channel that you want to watch. Reply ↓ lyman alpha blob April 27, 2017 at 3:38 pm If you search the archives here I’m sure you’ll find something good. Net neutrality in a nutshell means that ISPs are required to treat all web traffic equally. Without it, they could make it so that the big players’ websites load right away while something like this site might take extra time. Unless you or the website want to pay a premium for decent service. Basically it’s just more neoliberal rent seeking, charging you a premium on top of what you’re already paying for. Reply ↓ Vatch April 27, 2017 at 4:20 pm This isn’t an answer to your question, which has probably already been adequately answered by at least three people. Ajit Pai, the principal opponent of net neutrality on the FCC, is engaging in a form of McCarthyism, which implies that his case is weak: http://fortune.com/2017/04/27/fcc-mccarthyism-net-neutrality/ From Ajit Pai’s speech: Consider, for example, the leading special interest in favor of Title II: a spectacularly misnamed Beltway lobbying group called Free Press. Its co-founder and current board member makes no effort to hide the group’s true agenda. While he says “we’re not at th[e] point yet” where we can “completely eliminate the telephone and cable companies,” he admits that “the ultimate goal is to get rid of the media capitalists in the phone and cable companies and to divest them from control.” And who would assume control of the Internet? The government, of course. The overall goal is to “remove brick by brick the capitalist system itself, rebuilding the entire society on socialist principles.“ Socialism! If we don’t get rid of net neutrality, we’ll have Socialism! He neglects to mention that we currently have net neutrality, and our ALEC and Koch Brothers dominated system of government is about as far removed from socialism as is possible. The author of the article picks apart Pai’s ludicrous argument in several paragraphs. Reply ↓ Huey Long April 27, 2017 at 5:57 pm It never ceases to amaze me that “socialism” remains such an effective hobgoblin year after year! This in a country whose most popular federal programs are Social Security & Medicare, two very socialistic, universal programs with no means testing. Reply ↓ Ernesto Lyon April 27, 2017 at 4:29 pm I think the ISPs do have a point in that they shouldn’t have to subsidize heavy streaming businesses like Netflix by continually upgrading their networks, when they aren’t getting a cut of the revenue from the increased usage. Most of the demand for bandwidth comes from a small slice of the users. However there is no reason that non-streaming websites, or those with low bandwidth demand should be discriminated against. There has to be a way to protect the small providers while also making the large providers pay their infrastructure costs. Reply ↓ nowhere April 27, 2017 at 5:26 pm I’ve heard this line of argument, but I’ve never seen any actual evidence that Netflix (and similar services) have actually caused any telecoms to have to increase their capital expenditures. Reply ↓ Kurtismayfield April 27, 2017 at 7:20 pm think the ISPs do have a point in that they shouldn’t have to subsidize heavy streaming businesses like Netflix by continually upgrading their networks, when they aren’t getting a cut of the revenue from the increased usage. This is a common misconception. Netflix pays for every byte that it uses. You pay for every byte that you use. What the abolishment of net neutrality does is it allows the ISP’s to say “That’s a nice business you got there, be a shame if we were to throttle it”. Netflix would have to pay for the ISP’s to do nothing to their bytes. Reply ↓ Romancing The Loan April 27, 2017 at 7:33 pm Then removing net neutrality would effectively kill the sites that stream illegal copies of movies and tv shows, wouldn’t it? I wonder if the MPAA etc. has some $ in the pot. Reply ↓ redleg April 27, 2017 at 10:43 pm The solution to that is to add a licensing fee to every data plan which then gets paid out to the performers and publishers where it gets distributed. This would make sharing legal as long as a performer/writer/distributor agrees to the payment scheme (some money is usually better than none). This is how it works with TV and satellite radio. The fees are not collected on volume of use, just an simple access/license charge and the total is divided up. Reply ↓ Christopher Fay April 27, 2017 at 10:15 pm As a corollary it will also be sued to throttle delivery of alternative free press such as Naked Capitalism, Zero Hedge, American Conservative. It’s a convenient means to limit information sources to the official state media which includes the NYTimes, WaPoo, Facebook. Reply ↓ OpenThePodBayDoorsHAL April 27, 2017 at 6:32 pm No, you’re right, Fox, information is not “essential to our existence”…but I was imagining how you might have reacted to a certain 15th century inventor named J. Gutenberg: no need for those new-fangled “book” thingys, they’re just “a tool for vices and shallow entertainment”. NN is no different from a Savonarola bonfire…where unelected higher powers decide what information people will and will not see. If you do not think that is critically important…then I fear for our Republic. Reply ↓ Stephen V. April 27, 2017 at 2:48 pm Sorry Lambert: I am totally stealing *cognitive dissidence* ! …a precondition to alternative facts, I think. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether Post authorApril 27, 2017 at 4:17 pm It’s actually from William Gibson. Reply ↓ flora April 27, 2017 at 2:49 pm ” party strategists who want Democrats to offer a more centrist economic message” Dem centrist strategy results, in diagram, from Automatic Earth: http://3r8md7174doo44lgpk3kou79-wpengine.netdna-ssl.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/LeftAndCenter.jpg aside: so many great posts and comments sections this week. I’ve stepped back to ‘ reading to learn.’ Reply ↓ fresno dan April 27, 2017 at 3:15 pm flora April 27, 2017 at 2:49 pm ++++! I think a LOT of people think that. I would revise it by extending a line to further right going in increments – outrageous right, than merely screwy right, batsh*t crazy right, H*tler was a liberal right, the poor should be harvested for organs right, and finally, no, the poor should be harvested for pet food…. Reply ↓ Chibboleth April 27, 2017 at 2:49 pm If you want a good definition / description of the Deep State you just have to watch the old Thatcher-era BBC comedy Yes, Minister – the whole show is more or less entirely about friction between elected representatives and the UK Deep State. Short, short version: the Deep State is the set of people (government officials, mostly) who wield some amount of power but whose positions are not affected by election results. Nothing particularly secret about it. Reply ↓ justanotherprogressive April 27, 2017 at 3:21 pm As a former government employee, I’m trying to figure out who “the set of people (government officials, mostly) who wield some amount of power but whose positions are not affected by election results” are. I hear about them all the time, particularly on right wing blogs, but I’ve never actually seen one…… The power in a government agency is held by political appointees (“politicos” in guvspeak) and those political appointees are the only ones that speak for or direct the agency. And they change every time there is a change in the Presidency. Most agencies have more than one political appointee. My last job was with a small agency (less than two hundred employees) that had five. If a senior staff member is not immediately in line with the politicos’ policies, that person is removed (demoted, sidelined, or transferred to another agency). Those governmental employees that stay year after year (the “weebees”) just do the work, they have no power, and they definitely cannot make any decisions for the agency. Reply ↓ Vatch April 27, 2017 at 3:34 pm In some government agencies, the high ranking career employees seem to be rather good at manipulating the political appointees. This does not apply to all agencies; the primary examples are in the military, intelligence, financial, and justice realms. Unsurprisingly, these are the agencies that are the heaviest users of secrecy. There’s also a lot of cross pollination between portions of the private sector (completely unelected, of course), and the murky deep state. Some of this involves the “revolving door”, but some is just shadowy cooperation, such as we see among the NSA and various giants in telecommunications and Silicon Valley, or among Wall Street, the Treasury Department, and the Federal Reserve. The public does not elect those people. Reply ↓ justanotherprogressive April 27, 2017 at 4:13 pm I don’t think there is much “manipulation” needed. After all the politicos come from the lobby/contractor/donor class, whether they be Democrat or Republican and they are already unwilling to change anything that they perceive as giving them power and control….. But I guess it is easier to believe in a “Deep State” than realize that those shiny new politicians we just elected really do not want to change anything…… Reply ↓ Vatch April 27, 2017 at 5:21 pm Some of us believe that there is both a deep state and that there are elected politicians who wish to preserve the status quo. Reply ↓ likbez April 27, 2017 at 10:07 pm When weI say “deep state” we typically understand this term as “intelligence agencies”; we say “intelligence agencies” and mean “deep state”. From Wikispooks ( https://wikispooks.com/wiki/Deep_state ): “The phrase “deep state” derives from the Turkish “derin devlet”, which emerged after the 1996 Susurluk incident so dramatically unmasked the Turkish deep state. It has experienced a surge of use in 2017, though often not in keeping with the meaning attributed by the diplomat who coined the phrase. …As powerful and self-interest groups (probably even more dominated by psychopaths and sociopaths than other large hierarchies), deep states seek to frustrate radical and progressive change, so as to preserve their own power, and that of the establishment in general. In contrast to overtly authoritarian rule, deep states must operate more or less secretly, like terrorist groups, so preserving secrecy is a high priority. Control of the commercially-controlled media is essential to the effective preservation of secrecy need for the deep state to work effectively. In the US this is effected through deep state control of the CIA. With the apparatus of nation states under their control, their subterfuges can be elaborate and complex. The deep states of the world have a natural common interest in hiding their existence, which predisposes them to mutual assistance. As a Turkish cartoon put it in 1997 “Deep state protects its own.”[5] ” I think the term “deep state” is closely connected with the notion of “national security state” and by extension with the term “military industrial complex”. And the core of deep state are always intelligence agencies which tend to escape the control of the governments and in turn attempt to control the government that should control them. There are certain requirement for such agencies that very few agencies outside intelligence agencies meet. 1. Institualized ability to collect dirt of politicians, or access to such information collected by other agencies. 2. The veil of secrecy over the actions and funding. Access to some “non-controlled” or “semi-controlled” funding for “special operations” and “actions” 3. Set of people trained for conducting covert operations, especially false flag operations. 4. Experience with covert operations abroad that can be transferred to the “home territory” in case of necessity. Peter Dale Scott refers in a recent essay to “A Supranational Deep State”, noting how their international integration effectively allows intelligence agencies to evade even the limited control national governments had on them in the first half of the 20th century. 5. Infiltrated, or at lease “influencable” on the level of “useful contacts” with publishers and top journalists media. Deep state generally controls corporate media as Church commission established long ago. Any agency that meets whose three criteria is “by definition” belongs to deep state. That means that outside Pentagon and three letter agencies only State Department (which now performs a part of functions of CIA as for color revolutions preparation) and Energy Department can qualify. Reply ↓ hunkerdown April 27, 2017 at 6:22 pm Try Charles Hugh Smith‘s working definition: The Deep State is fundamentally the public-private centralized nodes that collect, archive and curate dominant narratives and their supporting evidence, and disseminate these narratives (and their implicit teleologies) to the public via the media and to the state agencies via formal and informal inter-departmental communication channels. In other words, the people who, in the public mind, define and legitimize (or delegitimize) the agenda and the members and objectives of the ideal power structure you describe, which, contrary to almost any anecdotal observation of office politics in general, seems to contain no dotted lines, no stovepipes, perfect subordination, no split allegiances or conflicting interests, and no other indirect pressures from within or without. Sounds more liberal than progressive, tbh. Reply ↓ Aumua April 28, 2017 at 12:21 am The Deep State is a great phrase that very succinctly sums up a lot of angles, for me. The State has reached its expiration date, but it doesn’t want to go just yet, so it’s digging in Deep. It’s hunkered down. It’s grabbing and holding on as close to the roots of society, biology and planet as it can, and it’s going to take some doing to rip it out, cause it’s not going to let go by itself. Reply ↓ eD April 27, 2017 at 3:43 pm The bureaucrats that run America are employees of corporations and contractors. Reply ↓ Chris April 27, 2017 at 3:48 pm Years ago, while working in an Australian state public service department, we considered ‘Yes Minister’ to be a documentary, and used it amongst ourselves as training material. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether Post authorApril 27, 2017 at 4:26 pm My favorite episode is “Jobs for the Boys.” My favorite line: “Great courage of course. But whatever possessed you?” (Messing about with the VPN to get the full page…) Reply ↓ RUKidding April 27, 2017 at 5:11 pm Indeed. I have used it as such, myself! Not snark. A most excellent book and series. Should be required viewing. Reply ↓ witters April 27, 2017 at 8:19 pm Yes, Minister was a neoliberal attack on government as such. It set the “entrepreneurial” political hero/leader against the corrupt “civil service”. It made the latter the “deep state”, thereby tainting forever the welfare state as an evil hidden conspiracy that (mysteriously) pandered to the meritocratically worthless. If that is what you mean by “Deep State” then you can have it. Reply ↓ Huey Long April 27, 2017 at 3:21 pm It is now known that a perfection of planned layout is achieved only by institutions on the point of collapse…. [P]erfection of planning is a symptom of decay. During a period of exciting discovery or progress there is no time to plan the perfect headquarters. The time for that comes later, when all the important work has been done. Perfection, we know, is finality; and finality is death. Following this line of reasoning, it seems to me that the US military establishment has been in decline ever since the Pentagon was built and the temporary Navy Dept. buildings erected on the National Mall were razed. Being that the Pentagon opened in 1943 and the buildings on the Mall were razed in 1970, which roughly coincides with our costly imperial adventures in Korea and Vietnam, I think Parkinson’s Law #6 is dead on here. Reply ↓ cnchal April 27, 2017 at 4:17 pm I was thinking Apple Reply ↓ Huey Long April 27, 2017 at 4:55 pm Apple Park was announced by Jobs in 2006 coinciding with Apple’s switch to Intel processors in for their computer lines, and the peak of iPod sales. The iPhone debuted shortly thereafter in 2007. I think you’re on to something… Reply ↓ Jim Haygood April 27, 2017 at 5:01 pm Me too. A rule of thumb called the Edifice Complex holds that when companies build palatial headquarters, their growth days are over as management’s focus turns to feathering their nests rather than scrapping for customers (as Apple’s customers already know). Apple’s giant new flying saucer building in Cupertino opens for occupancy this month. Make of it what you will. Reply ↓ TarheelDem April 27, 2017 at 4:52 pm You and James Carroll, The House of War: The Pentagon and the Disastrous Rise of American Power Because he used to play in the Pentagon as a kid and demonstrated against the War in Vietnam outside of of (DIA Director) dad’s office window, there is a lot of interesting chapter and verse to argue the point you both make. Reply ↓ Huey Long April 27, 2017 at 4:57 pm Thanks Tarheel, I’ll definitely have to read that one! Reply ↓ Tehanu April 27, 2017 at 3:45 pm Pleasantly surprised to see this research article on the need to combat rising income inequality and the death of the American dream in the AAAS journal Science: http://science.sciencemag.org/content/356/6336/398 Reply ↓ neo-realist April 27, 2017 at 3:49 pm Re: Boeing, It is cutting jobs in the Seattle area and not cutting any in right to work w/ little pay and benefits SC They’re also engaging in stock buybacks to enrich the present stockholders. http://www.thestranger.com/slog/2017/04/26/25102415/seattle-times-providing-pr-for-boeings-greedy-execs Reply ↓ Huey Long April 27, 2017 at 5:06 pm Does management serve any purpose these days besides screwing workers for the benefit of squillionaire bankers and c-suite executives? Oh, right I forgot! They use all that MBA knowledge to game the finance system and tax laws for the benefit of squillionaire bankers and c-suite executives too. /snark Reply ↓ grayslady April 27, 2017 at 3:51 pm I don’t know why everyone is calling the Raise the Wage Act “Bernie Sanders’ Minimum Wage Act,” since the bill was introduced by Patty Murray. Further, the Act doesn’t have anyone receiving $15 until 2024. If you live in Seattle and work for a large employer (over 500 employees), you will receive $15 per hour minimum either in 2017 or 2018, depending on whether or not the company provides health insurance as a benefit. People are hurting now. They need $15 per hour now. Once again, the Dems are “fighting” but not trying to win. Reply ↓ JustAnObserver April 27, 2017 at 4:11 pm Seems that Boeing in are trying to get under that 500 employees in Seattle hurdle in the next 2 years. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether Post authorApril 27, 2017 at 4:31 pm He introduced the bill: With four times as many Democratic co-sponsors as he had just two years ago, Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) on Wednesday morning re-introduced a bill to raise the federal minimum wage to $15 per hour. In 2015, Sanders introduced similar legislation with just five co-sponsors. On Wednesday, he boasted 21, in addition to lead co-sponsor Sen. Patty Murray (D-Wash.). They are: Reply ↓ grayslady April 27, 2017 at 8:03 pm Actually, Patty Murray introduced the bill on April 30, 2015, which would have raised the minimum wage gradually to $12 by 2020. There were 32 original co-sponsors, all Dems. Bernie introduced a similar bill on July 22, 2015, with Ed Markey as the original co-sponsor, which would have raised the minimum wage to $15 dollars by 2020. Members of the Congressional Progressive Caucus introduced a companion bill in the House. The most recent bill is a re-introduction of Murray’s bill, with Sanders now supporting $15 by 2024. I know that many here continue to wish to believe that Sanders hasn’t sold out to the Dems, but the evidence becomes clearer that he is no longer the fighter he was when he ran for President. Reply ↓ John k April 27, 2017 at 8:58 pm I hope you’re wrong. But the wind did go out of his sails when he lost NY, before that he was still hoping. I continue to see him as fighting for us, but the dems keep kicking him… the only way to kick back is third party, but a monumental effort for an older fellow. Imagine MSM, Mic, dems, reps, insurance, banks, the 1%… and then the challenge to register in even a majority of states… Easier to take over greens and convert to functional, but no indication he’s thinking that. Reply ↓ Linda April 27, 2017 at 3:57 pm “The Clinton Comedy of Errors” [Current Affairs]. I was going to share here a particular paragraph and one parenthetical sentence, with my added hahahahahaha, but decided against it so as not to offend or upset any possible Clinton supporting Nakeds. You will need to read the article and guess. Reply ↓ DJG April 27, 2017 at 4:49 pm fascinating: The defects that are Clinton-specific (or, at least, not fundamental to contemporary Democratic politics) are managerial incompetence and Nixonian levels of cronyism and paranoia. Clinton was obsessed with loyalty, “prizing [it] most among human traits” (above, e.g., virtue). She had downloaded and rooted through the emails of all her 2008 campaign staff to determine who had screwed her, and tried to sniff out “acts of betrayal.” She even assigned “loyalty scores” to various members of Congress, “from one for the most loyal to seven for those who had committed the most egregious acts of treachery.” Reply ↓ marku52 April 27, 2017 at 5:43 pm That Current Affairs article is great from one end to the other. It was so good I subscribed to the print edition. Reply ↓ Altandmain April 27, 2017 at 7:44 pm Nathan Robinson, the Editor of Current Affairs writes pretty good articles. Here’s another: https://static.currentaffairs.org/2016/02/unless-the-democrats-nominate-sanders-a-trump-nomination-means-a-trump-presidency Here, a Clinton match-up is highly likely to be an unmitigated electoral disaster, whereas a Sanders candidacy stands a far better chance. Every one of Clinton’s (considerable) weaknesses plays to every one of Trump’s strengths, whereas every one of Trump’s (few) weaknesses plays to every one of Sanders’s strengths. From a purely pragmatic standpoint, running Clinton against Trump is a disastrous, suicidal proposition. … Every Democrat should take some time to fairly, dispassionately examine Clinton’s track record as a campaigner. Study how the ‘08 campaign was handled, and how this one has gone. Assess her strengths and weaknesses with as little bias or prejudice as possible. Then picture the race against Trump, and think about how it will unfold. It’s easy to see that Trump has every single advantage. Because the Republican primary will be over, he can come at her from both right and left as he pleases. As the candidate who thundered against the Iraq War at the Republican debate, he can taunt Clinton over her support for it. He will paint her as a member of the corrupt political establishment, and will even offer proof: “Well, I know you can buy politicians, because I bought Senator Clinton. I gave her money, she came to my wedding.” He can make it appear that Hillary Clinton can be bought, that he can’t, and that he is in charge. It’s also hard to defend against, because it appears to be partly true. Any denial looks like a lie, thus making Hillary’s situation look even worse. And then, when she stumbles, he will mock her as incompetent. Note that this was published in February 2016. Reply ↓ jerry April 27, 2017 at 3:59 pm “For those that don’t understand, THIS is what the internet could look like without #NetNeutrality. ISPs could destroy small businesses.” Still not sure I get it.. so you’d have to select a package of websites to have access to.. and anything not on the list would be blocked? Reply ↓ LifelongLib April 27, 2017 at 6:04 pm As explained in a couple of posts above, Web neutrality means that Web traffic management processes don’t discriminate based on who the users or the websites are. Removing Web neutrality would allow service providers to charge websites and/or users premiums for (say) faster page provision. Like other fees that discriminates against the less well-off. Reply ↓ jerry April 27, 2017 at 6:40 pm Ah, gotcha. Thanks Reply ↓ JustAnObserver April 27, 2017 at 6:06 pm No, not quite. If you sign up for the package those sites will have fast access (*). For all the others its back to the 28.8K modem era. (*) By US standards that is. By comparison to RoW it’s still pouring glue slow. Reply ↓ nowhere April 27, 2017 at 6:43 pm Either blocked or severely throttled. Reply ↓ Kurtismayfield April 27, 2017 at 4:10 pm And United just settled with the good doctor CNN story I am not sure about this money quote: Mr. Munoz said he was going to do the right thing, and he has,” he said. “In addition, United has taken full responsibility for what happened…without attempting to blame others, including the City of Chicago. Civil responsibility, not criminal correct? Gosh I still hope the LEOs get procecuted. Reply ↓ Linda April 27, 2017 at 4:45 pm Gosh I still hope the LEOs get prosecuted. The Dr. could sue, but the financial settlement from United probably makes it not worth his time. The CNN story says the police officer who did the dragging has been suspended. Wonder what’s going on there. Not fired it seems as of yet. Sure would like to know the settlement amount. Anyone with experience in this kind of thing care to guess for me? Reply ↓ Huey Long April 27, 2017 at 5:36 pm Even if they are charged, count on the local PBA/FOP lining up behind the accused cops in lockstep. See below: http://www.nj.com/sussex-county/index.ssf/2017/03/state_pba_urged_officers_to_support_hopatcong_offi.html Reply ↓ Oregoncharles April 28, 2017 at 2:11 am The amount? Everything he asked for. He had them by the short and curlies. They couldn’t defend the case without looking even worse. Now United might go after those cops, who ultimately work for the airlines. Reply ↓ LT April 27, 2017 at 4:33 pm Re: Harvard poll 18-29 year olds Nothing will throw a kink in your integrity like loads of debt. Reply ↓ jo6pac April 27, 2017 at 4:36 pm Well there’s is a snowball chance in H$$$ this will pass. https://www.commondreams.org/news/2017/04/27/time-golden-and-now-single-payer-bill-advances-California My beloved governor moon beam is on record saying he will veto this bill. I did vote for him there wasn’t much choice. Reply ↓ John k April 27, 2017 at 9:08 pm But in 2018 we replace him, and lieutenant gov supports. Reply ↓ LT April 27, 2017 at 4:42 pm Re: USA Today on Trump voters Yes, the article really lacks nuance. The stage was perfectly set for Trump to waltz into office. No one man caused the oroblems faced today and no one man can fix them. Anyone who takes office is immediately faced with fire or frying pan options as the only ones allowed by the elite they serve. Example: ACA – frying pan ACA repeal – fire “TrumpCare” AHCA – pergutory Reply ↓ LT April 27, 2017 at 4:54 pm The duopoly and who love will continue to preface “white” before working class as long as it continues to serve the function of eliminating worker solidarity. It is a “dog-whistle” to many Democratic Party supporters and they should be offended. So I agree, you do not have to use the word “white” when talking about working class issues. Reply ↓ Huey Long April 27, 2017 at 5:33 pm eliminating worker solidarity Worker solidarity scares the hell out of the ruling class. This fear is the only reason we workers got the Wagner act legislation passed in 1935. Since then we’ve been under assault. First the Taft-Hartley act of 1947, then the Powell memo of 1971, followed by Reagan’s firing of the air traffic controllers during a 1981 strike. Douglass was right when he said that “Power concedes nothing without a demand. It never did and it never will.” Count on the status quo continuing until the baristas at Starbucks stage a nationwide sit-down strike, depriving the ruling class and their mandarins of their soy lattes. Reply ↓ Z April 27, 2017 at 4:55 pm Shocker! Campaign workers who worked for a candidate who was totally in the election for herself … were actually totally in it for themselves too! What else was there to be in it for … Z Reply ↓ Z April 27, 2017 at 4:56 pm Talk of Democratic party unity … Want Unity with the Clintons? Give them everything you got. Say thanks. Then tell them that they deserve it because they are better than you. That’s a start … Z Reply ↓ LT April 27, 2017 at 5:03 pm Re: Packaged goods purchases Or: “Alexa, wait a minute, I just got my hospital bill.” Or: “Alexa, wait a minute, rent just went up again.” Reply ↓ crittermom April 27, 2017 at 5:09 pm RE: “Class Warfare” That chart spells it out quite clearly, just as Bernie has continued to say. I continue to wonder who will pick up the cause if Bernie doesn’t run again? Then the answer came to me… We need someone on the ballot who exemplifies honesty, intelligence, integrity, common sense and would represent the majority of the people. I would nominate you, Lambert, with William Black as your economic advisor. You’d have a good contribution base to start with right here on NC. And just think–you’d have acres of WH lawn to garden in! Reply ↓ Jim Haygood April 27, 2017 at 5:10 pm Another day, another record in the Nasdaq 100 glamour stock index. Half a century ago, Wall Street’s darlings were called the Nifty Fifty. They were also known as “one decision” stocks, since you only needed to buy, never to sell. Today we’ve dropped the superfluous zero and narrowed it down to the Fab Five. Among the Heavenly Handful, Amazon, Microsoft, Alphabet and Facebook all claimed records today. Apple lagged, as its employees are preoccupied with moving into their posh new digs in the silver spaceship. Wonder if it can levitate, or at least whirl like the Seattle Space Needle? Reply ↓ OpenThePodBayDoorsHAL April 27, 2017 at 6:38 pm I’m thinking of a new ETF that only contains companies that are shielded from any capitalist outcomes by unbreachable political moats. Banks, MIC, HIC, Telco, and tech giants shielded from any and all anti-trust worries Reply ↓ Jim Haygood April 27, 2017 at 7:29 pm No need. The ticker symbol of Warren Buffett’s company is BRK.B (except he doesn’t do tech): https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_assets_owned_by_Berkshire_Hathaway Reply ↓ Huey Long April 27, 2017 at 7:55 pm You can add legacy broadcast television firms and cable news networks to the list too. I highly doubt the US gov’t will let the Mighty Wurlitzer go belly up. Reply ↓ allan April 27, 2017 at 6:04 pm Court: Employers can pay women less based on past salaries [Seattle Times] Employers can legally pay women less than men for the same work based on differences in the workers’ previous salaries, a federal appeals court ruled Thursday. The decision by the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals overturned a lower-court ruling saying pay differences based exclusively on prior salaries were discriminatory under the federal Equal Pay Act. That’s because the differences were almost certainly the result of gender bias, U.S. Magistrate Judge Michael Seng said in a 2015 decision. A three-judge panel of the 9th Circuit cited a 1982 ruling by the court that said employers could use previous salary information as long as they applied it reasonably and had a business policy that justified it. … A business policy. Like moar profits? Or fostering a bro-mosphere in the workplace? Oh, that liberal 9th Circuit … Reply ↓ ewmayer April 27, 2017 at 6:11 pm “Throughout San Francisco and Silicon Valley, cash-rich technology firms have built or are erecting bold, futuristic headquarters that convey their brands to employees and customers [The Economist]” — Here in Cupertino, Apple’s new One Ring To Rule Them All™ is just about complete. Peak hubris! Reply ↓ Jim Haygood April 27, 2017 at 7:36 pm We’ve come a long way from Building 20 at MIT, where radar was invented. It was a ramshackle, 3-story, wooden-framed office/lab building. Its occupants often drilled holes in the floors, ceilings and walls to run piping and wiring to their contraptions. Whereas drilling a hole in Apple’s Silver Spaceship will make Dr. Dao’s experience with United look like a love tap. Reply ↓ Tom Bradford April 27, 2017 at 11:41 pm Hey, play fair. The Brits – Sir Robert Watson-Watt, A F Wilkins and H E Wimperis – “invented” RADAR as we know it, and the word itself, in 1935. To improve its power and make RADAR small enough to install in aircraft the Brits also invented the cavity magnetron in early 1940 but didn’’t have the large-scale manufacturing capability to mass-produce it. So in 1940 a mission led by Henry Tizard secretly brought the magnetron to the United States and persuaded the US to help develop and produce the device. The MIT Radiation Laboratory was set up and quickly became one of the largest wartime projects, employing about 4000 people. Researchers and workers there made mass-production versions of the magnetron and developed about 100 different radar systems, and the US then and afterwards generally cashed in on British ingenuity handed to them for free. Reply ↓ dcblogger April 27, 2017 at 6:53 pm Formerly Imprisoned Journalist Barrett Brown Taken Back Into Custody Before PBS Interview https://theintercept.com/2017/04/27/formerly-imprisoned-journalist-barrett-brown-taken-back-into-custody-before-pbs-interview/ just plain soviet Reply ↓ Jim Haygood April 27, 2017 at 7:40 pm Chelsea Clinton gets awards. Barrett Brown gets more detention. Who did more for America? Reply ↓ Huey Long April 27, 2017 at 7:57 pm +1 Or PRC for that matter… Reply ↓ crittermom April 27, 2017 at 10:22 pm On days such as this, I am even more grateful for the antidotes du jour, as I must sometimes go back and look at them to remind me of the beauty in this world, after reading of such ugliness from the govt. Wow. Reply ↓ HopeLB April 28, 2017 at 12:00 am Thank you dcblogger for the link. Wish every US citizen was made aware of this “plain sovietness” thumbing its nose at our Constitution. Reply ↓ Carolinian April 27, 2017 at 7:07 pm Shady Kushner business partner. https://www.nytimes.com/2017/04/26/us/politics/jared-kushner-beny-steinmetz.html?_r=0 Reply ↓ gonzomarx April 27, 2017 at 7:24 pm One for the guillotine watch Anger as Tate asks staff to contribute towards boat for Nicholas Serota Notices about ‘leaving gift’ appear in staff rooms amid disputes over low pay and outsourcing, and end of canteen discount https://www.theguardian.com/artanddesign/2017/apr/27/tate-asks-staff-to-pitch-in-to-buy-boat-for-departing-chief-nicholas-serota Reply ↓ Huey Long April 27, 2017 at 8:03 pm Tracy Edwards, the PCS union representative for Tate staff, said several workers had contacted her about it, adding that she had originally thought it was a spoof. “The staff at Tate are underpaid and overworked, and haven’t had appropriate pay rises, and this just demonstrates how divorced from reality the management at Tate are,” she said. “It seems to me they’ve made a big error of judgment. Wow, our “betters” really do live in a bubble. Reading about gaffes such as this reinforces my belief that the ruling class really is going to fly the plane into the mountain. Even the union couldn’t believe it was true! Reply ↓ gonzomarx April 27, 2017 at 8:29 pm Had the same thought. Seems like more and more are also. Reply ↓ crittermom April 27, 2017 at 10:14 pm I think staff and employees said it best: “The chasm that exists between upper management and the staff on the ground is just farcical and this just made it clearer than ever.” And…”The insensitivity is just a cold, hard slap in the face.” Wow is right. Sounds just like America. Reply ↓ Anon April 27, 2017 at 8:18 pm RE: Dividers on Public Benches Unless the homeless population in your vicinity is quite small, this is a design/management tactic that has a long history. The business district in my town uses it to not only restrict reclining, but also stowage of belongings. The businesses complain about pan-handlers driving away potential revenue (while ignoring that fact that most of the folks downtown don’t have money to spend and are just promenading the strip as a form of leisure). Most folks don’t recognize that the homeless sleep in the daytime because they’re unable to find safe sleep spots at night. The answer to the homeless issues are: caring, professional outreach; early intervention with housing (especially families/children); dedicated efforts at re-introducing people back into the work force. The effort/money required is in the Billion$ for Los Angeles. Bench dividers are not the solution. A compassionate culture is. Reply ↓ gonzomarx April 27, 2017 at 8:20 pm Taylor Wimpey to pay up to £130m to settle ground rent scandal https://www.theguardian.com/business/2017/apr/27/taylor-wimpey-ground-rent-scandal “Homebuyers wanted homes and trusted a plc housebuilder. Taylor Wimpey created an investment asset class – the freehold – which it then traded to anonymous and murky investors, who hide their beneficial ownership behind nominee directors. “This ground rent racket is wealth erosion on a massive scale, which has fallen mainly on young first-time buyers and their families. It has revealed the rotten core of leasehold as a form of property tenure.” Reply ↓ Ed April 27, 2017 at 9:14 pm Democrats will shut down the government if Republicans don’t prostrate themselves before the 400 million dollar bronze statue of Obama the Democrats want built on the Mall before the end of June Republicans willing to go along with most of this but are pushing for bronze plating instead of a full bronze statue which Hoyer is saying is a “non starter” Reply ↓ mk April 27, 2017 at 10:17 pm Thanks for posting the link to the article on the sex robots, very interesting! This little paragraph got me thinking, and I still don’t know what to think… ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Harmony’s [a robot] interactive capability is the culmination of McMullen’s career, the creation that makes him more than a sex toy designer. When I asked if he thought people would one day use sex robots instead of prostitutes, the question offended him. “Yes, but that’s probably last on my list of goals. This is not a toy to me, this is the actual hard work of people who have PhDs. And to denigrate it down to its simplest form of a sex object is similar to saying that about a woman.” Reply ↓ Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Tip Jar Please Donate or Subscribe! Search Search for: Recent Comments Marina Bart on Why Anti-War Purity Tests Are Not Sound Political StrategyThank you to both you and Colonel Smithers.... Marina Bart on Why Anti-War Purity Tests Are Not Sound Political StrategyThe problem with the catchphrase that “the Democrats... Marina Bart on Why Anti-War Purity Tests Are Not Sound Political StrategyNope. We're saying ideally leftists take over the... Foppe on Why Anti-War Purity Tests Are Not Sound Political StrategyThat's all well and good, but you left... Foppe on Why Anti-War Purity Tests Are Not Sound Political Strategywell, 'we' only stopped and undid certain aspects... Topics Africa (19) Australia (128) Auto industry (94) Banana republic (3,036) Banking industry (4,654) Brexit (51) Carbon credits (29) CEO compensation (249) China (568) Commodities (458) Corporate governance (319) Credit cards (159) Credit markets (3,628) Curiousities (273) Currencies (905) Derivatives (688) Documents (5) Doomsday scenarios (1,479) Dubious statistics (580) ECONNED (87) Economic fundamentals (2,779) Energy markets (508) Environment (458) Europe (624) Federal Reserve (1,269) Free markets and their discontents (1,425) Garrulous insolence (67) Global warming (330) Globalization (1,105) Guest Post (6,549) Health care (394) Hedge funds (418) Income disparity (974) India (16) Infrastructure (78) Investment banks (745) Investment management (500) Investment outlook (852) Japan (204) Legal (1,901) Links (3,065) Macroeconomic policy (976) Market inefficiencies (231) Media appearances (74) Media watch (872) Middle East (145) Moral hazard (340) New McCarthyism (6) New Zealand (77) Notices (292) OCC (12) Payment system (48) Permaculture (33) Politics (5,055) Private equity (516) Privatization (68) Real estate (1,526) Regulations and regulators (3,600) Ridiculously obvious scams (452) Risk and risk management (720) Russia (239) Science and the scientific method (196) Social policy (1,023) Social values (1,793) Species loss (53) Student loans (53) Summer rerun (48) Surveillance state (122) Taxes (385) Technology and innovation (459) The destruction of the middle class (1,363) The dismal science (1,463) TPP (83) UK (118) Water Cooler (663) Blogroll Angry Bear Automatic Earth Bill Mitchell – billy blog Credit Slips Econbrowser Economic Populist Ed Harrison Eyes on Trade Health Care Renewal Lambert Strether Macro Business Marginal Revolution mathbabe Matt Stoller Michael Hudson New Economic Perspectives OilPrice Pando Daily Paul Krugman TripleCrisis Warren Mosler Wolf Richter (WolfStreet) Yanis Varoufakis Copyright © 2006 - 2017 Aurora Advisors Incorporated All Rights Reserved
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman MetaCommunications Announces New CEO IOWA CITY, Iowa, April 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — MetaCommunications, a leader in enterprise resource management solutions for marketing and creative teams, today announced that Gregg Hammann will assume the roles of President and CEO. An experienced former CEO for global brands, Hammann is the current Chair of Meta’s board and will be replacing outgoing CEO, Scott Kokotan, who is moving on to a new opportunity. Kokotan is committed to helping the company through the transition. „I’ve had the pleasure of working with Scott during his tenure as CEO of Meta, and I’ve come to value his focus and vision, as well as his strong financial acumen,” said Hammann. „Scott provided positive leadership for Meta during a key transitional moment and led the company into an exciting new phase of growth. We’ve been lucky to have Scott at the helm and we’re glad that he’s staying on board to advise us through this transition.” Gregg Hammann, former Coca-Cola, Levis Exec will assume the roles of President and CEO at MetaCommunications Kokotan commented, „It’s been an honor to lead Meta through this exciting period of change. I’m very proud of everything we accomplished — from both a business and technology perspective. I came to Meta as the company’s first CFO before moving into the CEO role. The things that attracted me to the company initially — great software, an incredible client roster, a talented team — are even stronger today. The company’s strategy is working, the management team is strong and it’s the right time for me to move on. I firmly believe that with Gregg as CEO, Meta is poised for even greater success.” Meta’s flagship product, Workgroups DaVinci, is an award-winning marketing resource management solution used by hundreds of the world’s leading brands. The company’s latest release, ProofMe, is a lightweight proofing and annotation tool that allows small teams and solo creatives to gather real-time feedback on creative files. Hammann joined Meta’s board in 2016 as the Chairman, bringing deep experience in successful president and CEO roles for an array of global companies. From 2003 – 2007 he was President and CEO of publicly traded Nautilus Inc., later becoming Chairman, where he repositioned the company and led them from near bankruptcy to the most profitable company in the fitness industry. Previously, Hammann held leadership positions at Levi Strauss & Company, The Coca-Cola Company, Famous Footwear, The Rayovac Corporation, and Procter & Gamble. In 2007, Hammann started his own consulting firm, Action Advisors, advising major Fortune 500 companies including Disney, Microsoft, and Walmart on corporate strategy and serving as an acting CEO for three separate companies. Meta Board member and President and CEO of the Entrepreneurial Development Center, Curt Nelson, commented, „The board and I have the utmost confidence in Gregg and Meta’s leadership team to lead the business and continue our strong performance. We’re very excited to support Gregg as he leads the company to the next stage of its growth.” About MetaCommunications Meta is a pioneer in the field of marketing resource and digital project management. Meta’s industry-leading products like Workgroups DaVinci, Approval Manager and ProofMe power the work of thousands of teams around the world at companies such as Diageo, Ralph Lauren, Crate & Barrel, IKEA, 3M, Sony, Allstate, Merck, and more. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/metacommunications-announces-new-ceo-300447488.html SOURCE MetaCommunications Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Kansas City Life Announces First Quarter 2017 Results Next PostNext Utilities Global Industry Almanac 2017 Search Recent Posts Global Smart Washing Machine Industry 2017 Market Solutions, Features, Application & Reviews : Whirlpool, Samsung, LG, Haier Rotogravure Printing Inks Market to Partake Significant Development During 2017 – 2025 Proton Therapy Equipments Market Overview, Growth Opportunities, Emerging Market Demands, Industry Analysis & Forecast by 2022 United States The Insight Partners: Global IoT in Healthcare Market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 21.2% by 2025 Portable X-Ray and CT Scan Devices Market 2017 Production Analysis, Key Market Plans, Supply-Demand, Growth Elements and Recent Developments United States Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman MetaCommunications Announces New CEO Former Coca-Cola, Levis Exec to Assume Leadership Role IOWA CITY, Iowa, April 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- MetaCommunications, a leader in enterprise resource management solutions for marketing and creative teams, today announced that Gregg Hammann will assume the roles of President and CEO. An experienced former CEO for global brands, Hammann is the current Chair of Meta's board and will be replacing outgoing CEO, Scott Kokotan, who is moving on to a new opportunity. Kokotan is committed to helping the company through the transition. "I've had the pleasure of working with Scott during his tenure as CEO of Meta, and I've come to value his focus and vision, as well as his strong financial acumen," said Hammann. "Scott provided positive leadership for Meta during a key transitional moment and led the company into an exciting new phase of growth. We've been lucky to have Scott at the helm and we're glad that he's staying on board to advise us through this transition." Kokotan commented, "It's been an honor to lead Meta through this exciting period of change. I'm very proud of everything we accomplished — from both a business and technology perspective. I came to Meta as the company's first CFO before moving into the CEO role. The things that attracted me to the company initially — great software, an incredible client roster, a talented team — are even stronger today. The company's strategy is working, the management team is strong and it's the right time for me to move on. I firmly believe that with Gregg as CEO, Meta is poised for even greater success." Meta's flagship product, Workgroups DaVinci, is an award-winning marketing resource management solution used by hundreds of the world's leading brands. The company's latest release, ProofMe, is a lightweight proofing and annotation tool that allows small teams and solo creatives to gather real-time feedback on creative files. Hammann joined Meta's board in 2016 as the Chairman, bringing deep experience in successful president and CEO roles for an array of global companies. From 2003 - 2007 he was President and CEO of publicly traded Nautilus Inc., later becoming Chairman, where he repositioned the company and led them from near bankruptcy to the most profitable company in the fitness industry. Previously, Hammann held leadership positions at Levi Strauss & Company, The Coca-Cola Company, Famous Footwear, The Rayovac Corporation, and Procter & Gamble. In 2007, Hammann started his own consulting firm, Action Advisors, advising major Fortune 500 companies including Disney, Microsoft, and Walmart on corporate strategy and serving as an acting CEO for three separate companies. Meta Board member and President and CEO of the Entrepreneurial Development Center, Curt Nelson, commented, "The board and I have the utmost confidence in Gregg and Meta's leadership team to lead the business and continue our strong performance. We're very excited to support Gregg as he leads the company to the next stage of its growth." About MetaCommunications Meta is a pioneer in the field of marketing resource and digital project management. Meta's industry-leading products like Workgroups DaVinci, Approval Manager and ProofMe power the work of thousands of teams around the world at companies such as Diageo, Ralph Lauren, Crate & Barrel, IKEA, 3M, Sony, Allstate, Merck, and more. SOURCE MetaCommunications Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Computer/ Electronics, Personnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Ventricular Drainage Sets Market 2017 : Dispomedica, Sophysa & Spiegelberg GmbH Next PostNext Global Electronic Toll Collection Systems Market 2017 : EFKON, SAIC, DENSO, Q-Free & Perceptics Search Recent Posts Atacama Resources International Launches Good2Drive Mobile Application Aiming to Make Highways Safer Perfusion Adsorption Column Market Forecast 2022: Global Key Manufactures, Challenges, Demand, Trend and Opportunities SafeBreach CTO and Co-Founder Itzik Kotler to Present at Chicago’s Hacking Conference THOTCON 0x8 Tracheal Intubation Market: Global Analysis of Key Manufacturers, Dynamics, Demand & Forecast 2017-2022 Learning Design Pioneer Launches New Learning Analytics to Inform Instruction and Course Design Proudly powered by WordPress
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. × Survey Please Tell Us How We're Doing Can you take a few minutes to give us honest feedback about our work here and Consumer Reports? All your answers are confidential and nothing will be shared with other parties. Yes, I'll Give Feedback Why Does The Same Size Tide Bottle Say That It Washes 20% More Loads? Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Why Does The Same Size Tide Bottle Say That It Washes 20% More Loads? April 27, 2017 1:47 pm EDT By Laura Northrup@lnorthrup 20% more confusing laundry detergent laundry procter & gamble tide Reader Kelly found herself in a common consumer dilemma: She was confused about the marketing language on some detergent labels. Why did some bottles of Tide that were the exact same size as others on the shelf proclaim that they will wash “20% more loads”? When Kelly looked at the shelf to pick up a new bottle of Tide Sport, here’s what she saw. While a reasonable person could assume that the detergent is now more concentrated, there were a lot of numbers and a reference to a separate fragrance that just confused her. Here’s a close-up of what that cap says. The larger bottles had the same “more loads” labeling, too. The extra label on the cap is similar, but with the numbers adjusted for the larger bottle size. Kelly sent these pictures to Consumerist, describing the identical bottle sizes and the extra labels on the cap. “In very small print, the cap label explains what they mean, but, honestly, I can’t figure out what they’re talking about,” she writes. “What do various sizes of ‘Spring Renewal’ have to do with Tide Sport?” What was the connection? Maybe these bottles had the wrong label on their caps. We took Kelly’s photos and confused email and sent them over to the laundry-loving people at Procter & Gamble, maker of Tide. The “20% more loads” thing, it turns out, is exactly what you might guess if you’ve been buying detergent for a while. A spokesperson from the company’s fabric care division told Consumerist that the product was reformulated, and the dosing per load changed. The label on the cap (P&G calls it a “capwrap,” which is our new favorite word) is meant to call your attention to that before you dump the same old amount of detergent in the washer. She laid out what the numbers on the cap mean in plain English: • 16 loads vs. 13 loads (25 ounce bottle) • 24 loads vs. 19 loads (37 ounce bottle) • 44 loads vs. 36 loads (69 ounce bottle) • 59 loads vs. 48 loads (92 ounce bottle) • 74 loads vs. 60 loads (115 ounce bottle) Okay, but what’s with those numbers and the Spring Renewal thing? Kelly’s favorite Tide Sport is part of a special line that P&G calls the “Tide + Collection.” The products have some extra features, like Febreze to fight gym clothes stank, additives for cold-water washing to save money, or fabric softener added to the formula. Some of these products were recently rebranded. Tide Sport is now Tide Plus Febreze Odor Defense, and some other products changed formulas. The odor-fighting products with Febreze were what the Spring Renewal referred to on the capwrap, since that was the only scent available before. The goal is to compare the rebranded products to a similar-strength product that had been on the shelf before and that customers might have used, but they just ended up confusing some shoppers more. April 27, 2017 By Laura Northrup@lnorthrup 20% more confusing laundry detergent laundry procter & gamble tide Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related target math At Target, Tide Free Is Free Of Dyes, Perfumes, And Logic the first rule of wash club Procter & Gamble’s New Idea To Move More Tide Pods: Automatic Subscriptions So Fresh and Clean Clean Is Tide Oxi Really The Super Cleaning Agent That The Blonde Property Brother Says It Is? fizzy drinks SodaStream Dilutes And Shrinks Flavor Syrup Bottles double the something Dawn Shrinks Dish Soap 2 Ounces, Plasters Bottle With ‘2X More’ Previous Taco Bell Will Offer Free Dinner Reservations At Its Test Kitchen Next New Home Depot Data Leak Exposes Gap In Consumer Privacy Protection Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: New Home Depot Data Leak Exposes Gap In Consumer Privacy Protection Return to Top Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures crosswords Facebook Twitter world europe US americas asia australia middle east africa sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › world › europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development UK home US politics world selected opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close French presidential election 2017 How Macron calmed Whirlpool workers whipped up by Le Pen The favourite for the French presidency braved a picket line to explain the flaws in his rival’s promises to furious factory employees Play Video 0:13 Emmanuel Macron greeted by boos and whistles French presidential election 2017 How Macron calmed Whirlpool workers whipped up by Le Pen The favourite for the French presidency braved a picket line to explain the flaws in his rival’s promises to furious factory employees Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Jon Henley European affairs editor @jonhenley Thursday 27 April 2017 14.31 EDT Last modified on Thursday 27 April 2017 19.25 EDT In an era when politicians’ interactions with the public are stage-managed to the last image-obsessed detail, when meaningless slogans are all they are allowed to utter and when no candidate is allowed near any situation that might misfire, it was a rare moment. Marine Le Pen springs surprise visit on Macron during picket line campaign trip Read more It also encapsulated an elemental French presidential campaign pitting the anti-EU, anti-globalisation and protectionist message of far-right leader Marine Le Pen against the more business-friendly and internationalist stance of the independent centrist Emmanuel Macron. For more than an hour on Wednesday afternoon, Macron, a former investment banker and economy minister and the frontrunner in the race for the Elysée, talked – and listened – to a crowd of angry workers at a tumble-dryer factory in Amiens, northern France, threatened with closure by June 2018. Greeted by whistles and calls of “Marine for president” when he arrived, by the time he left Macron had, if not completely convinced his audience, at least ended the jeers – and won some respect. “I’m not sure he can truly help us,” said one striking employee. “But he tried. He was quiet and honest.” Play Video 0:56 Macron hands his microphone over to a factory worker The impromptu, at times heated exchange could not have been in greater contrast with (for example) Theresa May’s appearance in Bridgend on Tuesday, when the British prime minister delivered a brief prepared message about “strong and stable leadership” to a carefully chosen and supportive audience. Play Video 0:34 Theresa May on the campaign trial in Wales But it could yet prove significant in a campaign in which Le Pen knows that her best chance of defeating Macron will be to portray him as the elitist representative of a political class that has sold France’s workers out to globalisation. Macron’s intervention was all the braver because it followed a brief but incendiary appearance on the same Whirlpool picket line by the Front National leader, who collected almost a third of the vote in Sunday’s first round in the region that has France’s highest unemployment rate. Play Video 0:30 Le Pen lambasts rival Macron As Macron was meeting union representatives from the factory, which employs 286 people, a few miles away, at the chamber of commerce in the centre of Amiens, his home town, Le Pen unexpectedly appeared on the picket line and lambasted her rival for showing “contempt” by failing to come to talk to them. Frontrunner Macron can take nothing for granted in French election runoff | Angelique Chrisafis Read more “Emmanuel Macron is with the oligarchs, with the employers,” Le Pen said. “I am where I should be, with the employees of Whirlpool who are fighting this uncontrolled globalisation, this shameful economic model – not eating petits-fours with a few representatives who only represent themselves.” The far-right candidate shook hands and took selfies, saying later that she “solemnly pledged” to save the factory, which Whirlpool plans to relocate to Poland. If she won, it would be placed under “temporary state protection”, she said, and products made abroad by French companies taxed at 35%. Play Video 0:12 Le Pen takes selfies with factory workers Two hours later, Macron came to debate the workers himself. Amid initial taunts, he explained that he was meeting the unions first so that he could discuss the issue with the employees properly afterwards. Macron accused Le Pen of exploiting the situation “for political ends” and of lying when she vowed to halt the relocation. He handed the microphone to workers, listening to their questions and promising to answer truthfully. “When she tells you the solution is to turn back globalisation, to close borders, she is lying,” he said during the exchange, which was streamed live on his Facebook page. “If she’s elected, this company will close.” “Madame Le Pen does not understand how this country works,” he insisted. “If we shut down borders, thousands and thousands of jobs will be lost.” He cited a Procter & Gamble factory nearby, saying it exported 90% of its output. Macron said he refused to make “airy promises” to keep the factory open, but pledged the firm’s redundancy plan would not be accepted if it was not good enough. While some continued to boo for a while, the crowd had largely calmed down by the end of the discussion. He shook hands with several workers as he left. Play Video 0:16 Macron shakes hands with workers as he leaves For the centrist candidate, who has never held elected office, the confrontation was a major risk. He was criticised on Monday after celebrating his first round win over Le Pen in a Paris brasserie with campaign staff, and the exchange outside the factory could have backfired badly. But several commentators said Macron’s decision would end up playing in his favour. “It could be that Le Pen’s coup failed in the end by giving Macron the political thick skin he was lacking until now,” said Christian Delporte, a historian and political image specialist at the university of Versailles. “Macron is fighting back,” said Laurent Joffrn, the editor of the left-leaning daily Libération. “By rolling up his shirt sleeves at Whirlpool, abused by furious or desperate employees who nonetheless appreciated speaking to him, he has corrected his mistake of Sunday evening.” Topics French presidential election 2017 France Emmanuel Macron Marine Le Pen Europe news Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content more on this story Emmanuel Macron’s campaign team bans Russian news outlets from events Russia accuses French presidential candidate of discrimination after spokesman confirmed Sputnik news agency and RT TV channel were denied access Published: 27 Apr 2017 Emmanuel Macron’s campaign team bans Russian news outlets from events Le Pen's replacement as FN leader 'questioned existence of gas chambers' Jean-Françcois Jalkh, who is interim president of Front National, reportedly made comments in interview 17 years ago Published: 27 Apr 2017 Le Pen's replacement as FN leader 'questioned existence of gas chambers' French voters must choose between the lesser of two evils: Macron or Le Pen Philippe Marlière Macron is arrogant and incompetent with no solid backing. But if he wins power he can be opposed. The same cannot be said of Marine Le Pen Published: 27 Apr 2017 French voters must choose between the lesser of two evils: Macron or Le Pen Marine Le Pen springs surprise visit on Macron during picket line campaign trip Presidential frontrunner was meeting with striking factory workers but far-right candidate rushed to her heartlands to try to show up rival Published: 26 Apr 2017 Marine Le Pen springs surprise visit on Macron during picket line campaign trip Mélenchon's team urge 'not one vote for Le Pen' but stop short of backing Macron Published: 26 Apr 2017 Mélenchon's team urge 'not one vote for Le Pen' but stop short of backing Macron 'Death of the French left': why voters are hesitating over Macron Published: 26 Apr 2017 'Death of the French left': why voters are hesitating over Macron Le Pen is a far-right Holocaust revisionist. Macron isn’t. Hard choice? Hadley Freeman Published: 25 Apr 2017 Le Pen is a far-right Holocaust revisionist. Macron isn’t. Hard choice? Hackers have targeted election campaign of Macron, says cyber firm Published: 25 Apr 2017 Hackers have targeted election campaign of Macron, says cyber firm More more on this story most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world selected opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world selected UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video World › French presidential election 2017 back to top world europe US americas asia australia middle east africa Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Oleochemical Fatty Acids Global Market, By Product & Data Validation, Analysis and Forecast 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Oleochemical Fatty Acids Global Market from its database. This report Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations. This report Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advanceme   (EMAILWIRE.COM, April 27, 2017 ) The Global Oleochemicals Fatty Acids Market is valued at $16.4 billion and is expected to reach $30.62 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 8.1% from 2014 and 2022. Some of the key drivers of the market include consumer-driven demand and recyclability. Whereas demand for food & beverages, soaps & detergents acts as opportunities for the market growth. Exposure to consumer trends is favoring markets such as cleaning, beauty and food. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/oleochemical-fatty-acids-global-market-outlook-trends-forecast-and-opportunity-assessment-2014-2022 Asia-Pacific held the largest share in 2013, China being the top contributor. Japan, China and India are the prominent countries with a huge demand for oleochemicals. Growing applications of oleochemicals in the soaps & detergents industry is boosting investments in the oleochemicals market. The demand for oleochemicals is rising in the pharmaceutical & personal care industry as consumers are becoming conscious about the environmental benefits and cost effectiveness offered by oleochemicals. Significant mergers and acquisitions, collaborations, and joint ventures are the industry trends that are playing a major role for the market growth. Oleochemicals fatty Acids market is segmented by product, by application and by geography. Depending on the products, the market is segmented into distilled fatty acids, stearic acid, polyunsaturated fatty acids, fractionated fatty acids, glycerin and fatty alcohols. Based on applications, market is categorized into food and beverages, pharmaceuticals and personal care, polymers, soaps and detergents. By geography, the market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of the World. Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW000117290/sample The key players in the Oleochemicals Fatty Acids Market include Arizona Chemical Company LLC, Amyris, Emery Oleochemicals, P&G Chemicals, Godrej Industries, Isosciences LLC, Evonik Industries, Solazyme, Cargill Incorporated and Genomatica. What our report offers: - Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments - Market share analysis of the top industry players - Strategic recommendations for the new entrants - Market forecasts for a minimum of 8 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets - Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) - Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations - Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends - Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments - Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Company Profiling 9.1 Arizona Chemical Company LLC 9.2 Amyris 9.3 Emery Oleochemicals 9.4 P&G Chemicals 9.5 Godrej Industries 9.6 Isosciences LLC 9.7 Evonik Industries 9.8 Solazyme 9.9 Cargill Incorporated 9.10 Genomatica Inquire before Buying at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW000117290/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > MarketsandMarkets Tweet   Professional Dental Care Market worth 961.0 Million USD by 2021 The report "Professional Dental Care Market by Type (Toothbrush (Electric, Battery-powered), Toothpaste, Mouthwash, Denture Products, Dental Accessories (Whitening Products, Breath Freshener, Dental Floss, Dental Water Jet)) - Global Forecast to 2021", an   (EMAILWIRE.COM, April 27, 2017 ) The report "Professional Dental Care Market by Type (Toothbrush (Electric, Battery-powered), Toothpaste, Mouthwash, Denture Products, Dental Accessories (Whitening Products, Breath Freshener, Dental Floss, Dental Water Jet)) - Global Forecast to 2021", analyzes and studies the major market drivers, restraints, challenges, and opportunities in North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Rest of the World. Browse 172 market data tables and 26 figures spread through 178 pages and in-depth TOC on Professional Dental Care Market by Type (Toothbrush (Electric, Battery-powered), Toothpaste, Mouthwash, Denture Products, Dental Accessories (Whitening Products, Breath Freshener, Dental Floss, Dental Water Jet)) - Global Forecast to 2021" <||>rnhttp://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/professional-dental-care-market-210346692.html Early buyers will receive 10% customization on reports. The professional dental care market witnessed moderate growth during the last decade and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 4.5% between 2016 and 2021 to reach USD 961.0 Million by 2021. The growth in this market is majorly attributed to factors such as increasing small/private dental clinics, rising incidences of dental caries, increasing disposable incomes in emerging countries, growing awareness about dental hygiene, and economic gain for dental practitioners. Download PDF Brochure:- http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/pdfdownload.asp?id=210346692 The global professional dental care market is segmented based on product type and geography. In recent years, the dental industry is gaining more importance due to increased demand of having specialized products, treatments and procedures to treat dental diseases. In 2015, toothpastes segment accounted for the largest share of global professional dental care market. The toothbrushes segment is expected to witness the fastest growth over the next five years. The high growth of this segment can be attributed to higher utilization of the manual toothbrushes by end-users and recent technological advancements in the electric toothbrushes. Europe is the largest regional segment for professional dental care market owing to the well-established dental market. The largest share of this regional segment is driven by the increase in the aging population, rising demand for the advance oral care products, increase in governmental expenditure on oral healthcare across Europe, and rising awareness about dental hygiene. However, the market in the Asia-Pacific region is expected to grow at the highest CAGR, owing to rising geriatric population, rising awareness about dental hygiene, and increase medical tourism in countries such as India and China. The market players, namely, Colgate-Palmolive Company (U.S.), The Procter & Gamble Company (U.S.), GlaxoSmithKline plc (U.K.), and Unilever plc (U.K.) held the major share of the professional dental care market and will continue to dominate the market between 2016 and 2021. Speak to Analyst @ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/speaktoanalyst.asp?id=210346692 Some of the other players operating in this market are Johnson and Johnson (U.S.), Dr. Fresh, LLC (U.S.), Young Innovation Inc. (U.S.), Ultradent Products, Inc. (U.S.), GC Corporation (Japan), Henkel AG & Company, KGaA (Germany), 3M Company (U.S.), Koninklijke Philips N.V. (Netherlands), and Sunstar (Japan). About MarketsandMarkets MarketsandMarkets provides quantified B2B research on 30,000 high growth niche opportunities/threats which will impact 70% to 80% of worldwide companies revenues. Currently servicing 5000 customers worldwide including 80% of global Fortune 1000 companies as clients. Almost 75,000 top officers across eight industries worldwide approach MarketsandMarkets for their painpoints around revenues decisions. Our 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets are tracking global high growth markets following the "Growth Engagement Model  GEM". The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write "Attack, avoid and defend" strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. MarketsandMarkets now coming up with 1,500 MicroQuadrants (Positioning top players across leaders, emerging companies, innovators, strategic players) annually in high growth emerging segments. MarketsandMarkets is determined to benefit more than 10,000 companies this year for their revenue planning and help them take their innovations/disruptions early to the market by providing them research ahead of the curve. MarketsandMarketss flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, "RT" connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets. Contact: Mr. Rohan MarketsandMarkets 701 Pike Street Suite 2175, Seattle, WA 98101, United States Tel: 1-888-600-6441 Email: sales@marketsandmarkets.com Connect with us on LinkedIn @ http://www.linkedin.com/company/marketsandmarkets Contact Information: MarketsandMarkets Mr. Rohan Tel: 1-888-600-6441 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site Footer Site Search Site Map 2 Last updated: April 28, 2017 APlus Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian Home A Plus Digital Print Edition News Latest News The Nation The World Inquirer Investigations Health & Science Mind Games In Depth Photos Video Podcasts Opinion Columnists Letters Editorials Cartoons Cut & Paste World Commentary Strewth Blogs Business Review News Latest BusinessNow Opinion Companies Dataroom Markets Economics Margin Call Mining & Energy Wealth Aviation Financial Services Legal Affairs The Deal Wall Street Journal Business Spectator Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Broadcast Print Marketing Digital Tech Technology News Opinion Personal Tech Property Commercial Careers National Affairs Politics News Opinion Newspoll data State Politics Policy Climate Defence Foreign Affairs Immigration Education Industrial Relations Indigenous Health Treasury Sport Sport News Opinion Cricket Golf Football Rugby Union Tennis US Sports AFL NRL Motorsport Netball The Times Turf & Thoroughbreds Combat Sport Cycling Basketball Olympics Life Food & Wine Recipes Wine Halliday's Top 100 Hot 50 restaurants Home & Design Prestige Property Motoring Health & Wellbeing Personal Tech Travel Fashion Columnists Magazine Wish Tech Technology News Personal Tech Opinion Arts Arts News Opinion Books Film Stage Visual Arts Television Music Review Travel Higher Ed Higher Ed News Opinion Int'l Students University Rankings Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Print Broadcast Digital Marketing Property You have cookies turned off To use this website, cookies must be enabled in your browser. To enable cookies, follow the instructions for your browser below. Facebook App: Open links in External Browser There is a specific issue with the Facebook in-app browser intermittently making requests to websites without cookies that had previously been set. This appears to be a defect in the browser which should be addressed soon. The simplest approach to avoid this problem is to continue to use the Facebook app but not use the in-app browser. This can be done through the following steps: Open the settings menu by clicking the hamburger menu in the top right Choose “App Settings” from the menu Turn on the option “Links Open Externally” (This will use the device’s default browser) Windows Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 9 Open the Internet Browser Click Tools (or “gear” icon at top right hand corner) > Internet Options > Privacy > Advanced Check Override automatic cookie handling For First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies click Accept Click OK and OK Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 10, 11 Open the Internet Browser Click the Tools button, and then click Internet Options. Click the Privacy tab, and then, under Settings, move the slider to the bottom to allow all cookies, and then click OK. Click OK Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy < Use custom settings for history Check Accept cookies from sites Check Accept third party cookies Select Keep until: they expire Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Click Tools icon Or type in Go to chrome://settings/ to the URL window, hit enter Click ‘Advanced settings’ > Select Privacy > Content settings Check ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘Done’ Mac Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Firefox > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘History’ select Firefox will: ‘Use custom settings for history’ Check ‘Accept cookies from sites’ and then check ‘Accept third-party cookies’ Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Chrome > Preferences Click ‘Show advanced settings…’ at the bottom. Under Privacy select ‘Content settings…’ Under ‘Cookies’ select ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘OK’ Enabling Cookies in Safari In Safari Safari > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘Block cookies’ check ‘Never’ Enabling Cookies in Mobile Safari (iPhone, iPad) Go to the Home screen by pressing the Home button or by unlocking your phone/iPad Select the Settings icon. Select Safari from the settings menu. Select ‘accept cookies’ from the safari menu. Select ‘from visited’ from the accept cookies menu. Press the home button to return the the iPhone home screen. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Before the cookie settings change will take effect, Safari must restart. To restart Safari press and hold the Home button (for around five seconds) until the iPhone/iPad display goes blank and the home screen appears. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. You are currently using private or incognito browsing mode so you’ll need to log in every time you visit The Australian Tap here for more information X A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Back to top Login Subscribe Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian NewsFlash NewsFlash App Store Daily Edition Daily Edition iTunes Daily Edition Google Play Terms of Use Editorial Code of conduct Standards of Practice Subscription terms Group Subscription Terms Accessibility Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy Contact Us Help Contact Us info Photo Sales News Archive About Us About The Australian Advertise with us Our journalists Subscribe The Australian Plus member benefits Sign up to Newsletters Manage Your Newsletters Copyright The Australian. All times AEST (GMT +10:00) Powered by WordPress.com VIP The Australian doesn't play nicely with your current browser. Please take a moment to upgrade to the latest version. Internet Explorer v10 or later Upgrade now
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Feminine Hygiene Products – Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Feminine Hygiene Products Global Market Segmentation and key Players Analysis 2022 In this report, the global Feminine Hygiene Products market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report split global into several key Regions, with sales (Million Units), revenue (Million USD), market share and growth rate of Feminine Hygiene Products for these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering United States China Europe Japan Southeast Asia India GET SAMPLE REPORT @        https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1228135-global-feminine-hygiene-products-sales-market-report-2017 Global Feminine Hygiene Products market competition by top manufacturers/players, with Feminine Hygiene Products sales volume, Price (USD/Units), revenue (Million USD) and market share for each manufacturer/player; the top players including Procter & Gamble Unicharm Johnson & Johnson Kimberly-Clark Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget Edgewell Personal Care Bella Bodywise (UK) Cora Corman First Quality Enterprises Fujian Hengan Group Lil-Lets Masmi Moxie Ontex Pee Buddy Kao The Honest Company Seventh Generation Vivanion On the basis of product, this report displays the sales volume (Million Units), revenue (Million USD), product price (USD/Units), market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Sanitary Napkins Tampons Pantyliners Menstrual Cups Feminine Hygiene Wash On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate of Feminine Hygiene Products for each application, including Physical Stores Online Stores Table of Content: Key Points Global Feminine Hygiene Products Sales Market Report 2017 1 Feminine Hygiene Products Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Feminine Hygiene Products 1.2 Classification of Feminine Hygiene Products by Product Category 1.2.1 Global Feminine Hygiene Products Market Size (Sales) Comparison by Type (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Feminine Hygiene Products Market Size (Sales) Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Sanitary Napkins 1.2.4 Tampons 1.2.5 Pantyliners 1.2.6 Menstrual Cups 1.2.7 Feminine Hygiene Wash 1.3 Global Feminine Hygiene Products Market by Application/End Users 1.3.1 Global Feminine Hygiene Products Sales (Volume) and Market Share Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Physical Stores 1.3.3 Online Stores 1.4 Global Feminine Hygiene Products Market by Region 1.4.1 Global Feminine Hygiene Products Market Size (Value) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 United States Feminine Hygiene Products Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 China Feminine Hygiene Products Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 Europe Feminine Hygiene Products Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Feminine Hygiene Products Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Feminine Hygiene Products Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Feminine Hygiene Products Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value and Volume) of Feminine Hygiene Products (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Feminine Hygiene Products Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Feminine Hygiene Products Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2022) … 9 Global Feminine Hygiene Products Players/Suppliers Profiles and Sales Data 9.1 Procter & Gamble 9.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.1.2 Feminine Hygiene Products Product Category, Application and Specification 9.1.2.1 Product A 9.1.2.2 Product B 9.1.3 Procter & Gamble Feminine Hygiene Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.2 Unicharm 9.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.2.2 Feminine Hygiene Products Product Category, Application and Specification 9.2.2.1 Product A 9.2.2.2 Product B 9.2.3 Unicharm Feminine Hygiene Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.3 Johnson & Johnson 9.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.3.2 Feminine Hygiene Products Product Category, Application and Specification 9.3.2.1 Product A 9.3.2.2 Product B 9.3.3 Johnson & Johnson Feminine Hygiene Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.4 Kimberly-Clark 9.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.4.2 Feminine Hygiene Products Product Category, Application and Specification 9.4.2.1 Product A 9.4.2.2 Product B 9.4.3 Kimberly-Clark Feminine Hygiene Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.5 Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget 9.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.5.2 Feminine Hygiene Products Product Category, Application and Specification 9.5.2.1 Product A 9.5.2.2 Product B 9.5.3 Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget Feminine Hygiene Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.6 Edgewell Personal Care 9.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors …Continued           ACCESS REPORT @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1228135-global-feminine-hygiene-products-sales-market-report-2017                                            Get in touch: LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/4828928 Twitter: https://twitter.com/WiseGuyReports                                                                   Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/Wiseguyreports-1009007869213183/?fref=ts Media Contact Company Name: Wiseguyreports.com Contact Person: Norah Trent Email: sales@wiseguyreports.com Phone: +1 646 845 9349, +44 208 133 9349 City: Pune State: Maharashtra Country: India Website: www.wiseguyreports.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Health & Medicine, Pharmaceuticals & Biotech, Science, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious United States Alpha-lactalbumin Market Share, Growth by Top Company, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2022 Next PostNext M2M Communication Market Revenue Expected to Exceed 36 Billion USD by 2022 Search Recent Posts Cubic Boron Nitride Market – Evolving Industry Trends 2024 Education Apps Market : Size, Share, Analysis, Industry Trend, Growth and Demand Audited annual information of Invalda INVL for 2016 Tamper Evident Packaging Market size in terms of volume and value 2016-2026 AB „Invalda INVL“ 2016 m. audituota metinė informacija Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman WPP 2017 First Quarter Trading Update FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE 27 April, 2017   WPP | Quarterly Trading Update   n Reported billings up 9.2% at £13.017 billion n Reported revenue up 16.9% at £3.597 billion, up 1.2% at $4.457 billion, up 4.9% at €4.183 billion and down 0.2% to ¥506 billion n Constant currency revenue up 3.6%, like-for-like revenue up 0.2% n Constant currency net sales up 4.8%, like-for-like net sales up 0.8% n First quarter revenue, net sales and operating profit well above budget and ahead of last year n Share buy-backs of £180 million, representing 10.0 million shares or 0.8% of the issued share capital purchased in first quarter n Constant currency net debt at 31 March 2017 up £474 million on same date in 2016, with average net debt in first quarter of 2017 up by £453 million over same period in 2016, reflecting strong acquisition activity, including debt acquired on the merger with STW of approximately £150 million and share buy-backs n Resumption of net new business momentum, with first or second position in all net new business tables year to date   Quarter 1 highlights n Revenue growth of 16.9%, with constant currency growth of 3.6%, like-for-like growth of 0.2%, 3.4% growth from acquisitions and 13.3% from currency, primarily reflecting the weakness of sterling against the US dollar, the euro and other major currencies n Net sales growth of 18.5% in sterling (up 2.6% in dollars, up 6.3% in euros and down 1.1% in yen), with constant currency growth of 4.8%, like-for-like growth of 0.8%, 4.0% growth from acquisitions and 13.7% from currency n Like-for-like revenue growth in all regions and business sectors, except North America and data investment management, characterised by particularly strong growth geographically in the United Kingdom, Western Continental Europe, Latin America and Central & Eastern Europe and functionally in public relations and public affairs and sub-sector digital, eCommerce & shopper marketing – the renamed direct, digital and interactive sub-sector n Like-for-like net sales growth of 0.8%, with all regions and sectors, except North America and data investment management, showing growth. The delta compared to revenue growth reversing, as it did in the second half of 2016, as the Group’s investment in technology enhanced the growth of advertising and media investment management net sales and as data investment management direct costs have been reduced n Constant currency average net debt in the first quarter increased by £453 million to £4.544 billion compared to the same period in 2016. This continued to reflect significant net acquisition spend and dividends of £1.320 billion in the twelve months to 31 March 2017, and the impact of the debt acquired on the merger with STW in Australia of approximately £150 million, more than offsetting the improvements in working capital seen in the second half of last year and first quarter of this year n Net new business of $2.103 billion in the first quarter, compared to $1.779 billion in the first quarter last year, with the Group first or second in net new business league tables year to date Current trading and outlook n FY 2017 quarter 1 preliminary revised forecasts | Similar to budget, with like-for-like revenue and net sales growth of around 2%, with the second half stronger reflecting weaker comparatives and a headline net sales margin target of 0.3 margin points improvement on a constant currency basis n Dual focus in 2017 | 1. Revenue and net sales growth from leading position in horizontality, faster growing geographic markets and digital, premier parent company creative and effectiveness position, new business and strategically targeted acquisitions; 2. Continued emphasis on balancing revenue growth with headcount increases and improvement in staff costs/net sales ratio to enhance operating margins      n Long-term targets | Above industry revenue growth, due to effective implementation of horizontality, geographically superior position in new markets and functional strength in new media, data investment management, including data analytics and the application of new technology, creativity and effectiveness; improvement in staff costs/net sales ratio of 0.2 or more depending on net sales growth; net sales operating margin expansion of 0.3 margin points or more on a constant currency basis, with an ultimate goal of almost 20%; and headline diluted EPS growth of 10% to 15% p.a. from revenue and net sales growth, margin expansion, strategically targeted small- and medium-sized acquisitions and share buy-backs Review of quarter one Revenue and net sales In the first quarter of 2017, reported revenue was up 16.9% at £3.597 billion. Revenue in constant currency was up 3.6%, the difference to the reportable number primarily reflecting the continuing weakness of the pound sterling against most currencies, particularly over the last nine months, following the United Kingdom vote to exit the European Union. On a like-for-like basis, excluding the impact of acquisitions and currency fluctuations, revenue was up 0.2%. Reported net sales were up 18.5%, up 4.8% in constant currency and up 0.8% like-for-like. As outlined in Preliminary Announcements for the last few years, due to the increasing scale of digital media purchases within the Group’s media investment management businesses and of direct costs in data investment management, net sales are the more meaningful and accurate reflection of top line growth, although currently only one of our competitors report net sales. The differences are shown below in a table that compares the Group’s like-for-like revenue and net sales against our direct competitors’ like-for-like revenue only performance over the last two years or so. Q1      WPP Revenue      WPP Net Sales OMC Revenue Pub Revenue IPG Revenue Havas Revenue Revenue (local ‚m) £3,597 £3,100 $3,587 €2,328 $1,754 €519 Revenue ($’m) $4,423 $3,812 $3,587 $2.481 $1,754 $553 Growth Rates (%)* 0.2 0.8 4.4 -1.2 2.7 0.1 Quarterly like-for-like growth %*         Q1/15 5.2 2.5 5.1 0.9 5.7 7.1 Q2/15 4.5 2.1 5.3 1.4 6.7 5.5 Q3/15 4.6 3.3 6.1 0.7 7.1 5.5 Q4/15 6.7 4.9 4.8 2.8 5.2 3.1 Q1/16 5.1 3.2 3.8 2.9 6.7 3.4 Q2/16 3.5 4.3 3.4 2.7 3.7 2.7 Q3/16 3.2 2.8 3.2 0.2 4.3 2.0 Q4/16 0.5 2.1 3.6 -2.5 5.3 4.2 Q1/17 0.2 0.8 4.4 -1.2 2.7 0.1 2 Years cumulative like-for-like growth %       Q1/15 12.2 6.3 9.4 4.2 12.3 10.1 Q2/15 14.7 6.5 11.1 1.9 11.4 13.4 Q3/15 12.2 6.3 12.6 1.7 13.4 11.5 Q4/15 14.5 7.0 10.7 6.0 10.0 6.6 Q1/16 10.3 5.7 8.9 3.8 12.4 10.5 Q2/16 8.0 6.4 8.7 4.1 10.4 8.2 Q3/16 7.8 6.1 9.3 0.9 11.4 7.5 Q4/16 7.2 7.0 8.4 0.3 10.5 7.3 Q1/17 5.3 4.0 8.2 1.7 9.4 3.5                 * The above like-for-like/organic revenue figures are extracted from the published quarterly trading statements issued by Omnicom Group („OMC”), Publicis Groupe („Pub”), Interpublic Group („IPG”) and HAVAS („Havas”) The pattern of net sales growth in the first quarter of 2017, is similar in part, to the final quarter of 2016, except North America and data investment management were under more pressure. On a like-for-like basis, the United Kingdom and Western Continental Europe grew strongly, with Asia Pacific, Latin America, Africa & the Middle East and Central & Eastern Europe more or less flat and North America down. On the same basis, public relations and public affairs and branding & identity, healthcare and specialist communications (including digital, eCommerce & shopper marketing) were the strongest sectors, with advertising and media investment slightly down, following weaker comparative new business trends towards the end of 2016 and a strong comparative last year. Given the tepid economic growth prospects and the softer net new business trend late last year, our budgets for 2017 indicated like-for-like revenue and net sales growth at around 2%. For the first three months, actual performance was ahead of budget, due to the stronger than budgeted performance across all sectors, except data investment management. A preliminary look at our quarter one revised forecasts for the full year, again indicates revenue and net sales growth similar to budget at around 2%, with a stronger second half primarily due to weaker comparatives, approximately 2% in the second half of last year and 4% in the first half. Regional review The pattern of revenue and net sales growth differed regionally. The tables below give details of revenue and net sales, revenue and net sales growth by region for the first quarter of 2017, as well as the proportion of Group revenue and net sales by region; Revenue analysis £ million 2017 ∆ reported ∆ constant[1] ∆ LFL[2] % group 2016 % group N. America 1,376 15.5% -0.2% -3.0% 38.2% 1,191 38.7% United Kingdom 473 4.8% 4.8% 3.2% 13.2% 451 14.7% W. Cont. Europe 727 18.0% 6.8% 5.3% 20.2% 616 20.0% AP, LA, AME, CEE[3] 1,021 24.9% 6.1% -0.1% 28.4% 818 26.6% Total Group 3,597 16.9% 3.6% 0.2% 100.0% 3,076 100.0% Net sales analysis £ million 2017     ∆ reported ∆ constant ∆ LFL % group 2016 % group N. America 1,204 18.1% 2.1% -1.1% 38.8% 1,019 39.0% United Kingdom 396 5.6% 5.6% 3.7% 12.8% 375 14.3% W. Cont. Europe 597 17.5% 6.1% 4.3% 19.3% 508 19.4% AP, LA, AME, CEE 903 26.6% 7.5% -0.1% 29.1% 714 27.3% Total Group 3,100 18.5% 4.8% 0.8% 100.0% 2,616 100.0% North America, with like-for-like revenue and net sales growth down 3.0% and 1.1% respectively, was the weakest performing region, with both advertising and media investment management and data investment management weaker, partly offset by strong growth in the Group’s public relations and public affairs, branding & identity and digital, eCommerce and shopper marketing businesses. The United Kingdom, with like-for-like revenue and net sales growth of 3.2% and 3.7% respectively, was stronger than the first quarter of 2016, and net sales were slightly stronger than the final quarter of last year. There was particularly strong growth in the Group’s media investment management, data investment management, public relations and public affairs and specialist communications businesses. Western Continental Europe was the strongest performing region, with like-for-like revenue and net sales up 5.3% and 4.3% respectively, well above the first quarter of last year, with above average growth in Belgium, Germany, Greece and Italy, with Austria, Ireland, the Netherlands, Spain and Turkey more challenging. By sector, the Group’s advertising and media investment management, public relations and public affairs, branding & identity, healthcare and digital, eCommerce & shopper marketing businesses performed strongly, with data investment management flat. Asia Pacific, Latin America, Africa & the Middle East and Central & Eastern Europe constant currency revenue and net sales were up 6.1% and 7.5% respectively, with like-for-like revenue and net sales both marginally down 0.1%. In Asia Pacific, all markets, except Greater China, Singapore and Malaysia grew strongly. In mainland China, the Group’s advertising, public relations and public affairs, branding & identity, healthcare and specialist communications businesses were up strongly, with parts of the Group’s media investment management, data investment management and digital, eCommerce & shopper marketing sectors under pressure. In India, the Group’s second largest market in the region, net sales were up over 9%, despite demonetisation and even against a particularly strong comparative last year, when like-for-like net sales were up over 11%. In the BRICs[4], like-for-like net sales grew strongly in Brazil, Russia and India but China slowed. Latin America was similar to the first quarter of 2016, with like-for-like net sales growth of just under 4%, with Brazil recovering and with strong growth in Argentina and Colombia. Growth in the Next 11[5] and CIVETS[6] was over 10% for both, on the same basis, indicating the relative strengthening of the smaller faster growth markets. In the first quarter of 2017, the seasonally smallest quarter for faster growth markets, 29.1% of the Group’s reported net sales came from Asia Pacific, Latin America, Africa & the Middle East and Central & Eastern Europe. This compares with 27.3% in the first quarter of 2016. The increase is primarily due to the merger of STW Communications Group Limited (STW) in April 2016, whereby STW became a subsidiary of the Group, the largest advertising and marketing services business in Australia and New Zealand and WPP’s fifth largest market, with revenue of over $800 million. This was partly offset by the lower rate of growth seen in the major faster growth markets than that seen in the mature Western markets in the first quarter, and the weakness of most faster growth market currencies. This performance in the first quarter compares with the Group’s strategic objective of 40-45% in the next three to four years. Business sector review The pattern of revenue and net sales growth also varied by communications services sector and operating brand. The tables below give details of revenue and net sales, revenue and net sales growth by communications services sector for the first quarter of 2017, as well as the proportion of Group revenue and net sales by those sectors; Revenue analysis £ million 2017 ∆ reported ∆ constant[7] ∆ LFL[8] % group 2016 % group AMIM[9] 1,672 20.6% 7.1% 0.2% 46.5% 1,387 45.1% Data Inv. Mgt. 639 7.9% -4.3% -3.4% 17.8% 592 19.2% PR & PA[10] 291 21.7% 6.8% 4.4% 8.1% 239 7.8% BI, HC & SC[11] 995 15.9% 2.4% 1.4% 27.6% 858 27.9% Total Group 3,597 16.9% 3.6% 0.2% 100.0% 3,076 100.0% Net sales analysis £ million 2017 ∆ reported ∆ constant ∆ LFL % group 2016 % group AMIM 1,364 21.6% 7.7% -0.3% 44.0% 1,122 42.9% Data Inv. Mgt. 484 11.7% -1.3% -0.8% 15.6% 433 16.5% PR & PA 282 20.7% 6.0% 3.9% 9.1% 234 9.0% BI, HC & SC 970 17.3% 3.7% 2.2% 31.3% 827 31.6% Total Group 3,100 18.5% 4.8% 0.8% 100.0% 2,616 100.0% In the first quarter of 2017, over 39% of the Group’s revenue came from digital, up almost 1.0 percentage point from the previous year, with net sales crossing 40% of the Group for the first time, in the range of the Group’s strategic objective of 40-45% in the next three to four years. Digital revenue across the Group was up almost 6% in constant currency and over 4% like-for-like. Advertising and Media Investment Management In constant currencies, advertising and media investment management revenue grew by 7.1% with like-for-like growth of 0.2%, partly reflecting weaker trading conditions in the Group’s media investment management businesses in North America and the Middle East and the particularly strong comparative in the first quarter of last year of almost 8% like-for-like growth. On the same basis, net sales grew 7.7% and -0.3% respectively. The Group’s media investment management businesses grew strongly in all other regions and sub-regions, particularly in the United Kingdom, Western Continental Europe, Latin America and Africa. However, the Group’s advertising businesses has remained challenged in the mature markets in recent years, particularly Western Continental Europe, where some of the restructuring costs incurred in recent years have been directed. The Group gained a total of $2.103 billion in net new business wins (including all losses) in the first quarter, compared to $1.779 billion in the same period last year. Of this, J. Walter Thompson Company, Ogilvy & Mather, Y&R and Grey generated net new business billings of $519 million. Also, of the Group total, GroupM, the Group’s media investment management company, which includes Mindshare, MEC, MediaCom, Maxus, GroupM Search, Xaxis and Essence, together with tenthavenue, generated net new business billings of $1.259 billion, compared to $854 million in the same period last year. Data Investment Management On a constant currency basis, data investment management revenue fell 4.3%, with like-for-like revenue down 3.4%. The decline in net sales was less prominent, with constant currency net sales  -1.3% and like-for-like -0.8%. In the United Kingdom, Latin America and Africa, like-for-like net sales were up strongly, with North America and Asia Pacific more difficult.   Public Relations and Public Affairs In constant currencies, public relations and public affairs revenue and net sales were up 6.8% and up 6.0% respectively, with like-for-like revenue and net sales up 4.4% and 3.9% respectively, the strongest performing sector. All regions and sub-regions were up, with particularly strong growth in the United States, United Kingdom, Western Continental Europe and the Middle East. Cohn & Wolfe performed strongly, especially in the United States, driven by consumer and healthcare spending, together with H+K Strategies in Europe, Africa & the Middle East, Ogilvy Public Relations in North America, Europe, Africa & the Middle East and the specialist public relations and public affairs businesses, Glover Park, Hering Schuppener, Ogilvy Government Relations and Buchanan. Branding and Identity, Healthcare and Specialist Communications In constant currencies, at the Group’s branding and identity, healthcare and specialist communications businesses (including digital, eCommerce & shopper marketing), net sales growth was 3.7%, with like-for-like growth of 2.2%, the second strongest performing sector. All of the Group’s businesses in this sector, except parts of the Group’s specialist communications businesses, grew in the first quarter, with particularly strong growth in the Group’s branding & identity and digital, eCommerce & shopper marketing businesses. Operating profitability In the first quarter, on a constant currency basis, revenue, net sales and operating profits were well ahead of budget and ahead of last year. Severance costs were at a very similar level with increased incentive accruals, when compared with the first quarter of last year. We are in the process of reviewing our quarter one preliminary revised forecasts, but early indications are that full year like-for-like revenue and net sales will be up around 2%, with a stronger second half reflecting the comparatively weaker second half of 2016. The number of people in the Group, on a proforma basis excluding associates, was down slightly at 31 March 2017 to 134,340, as compared to 135,303 on 31 March 2016, against an increase in revenue on the same basis of 0.2% and net sales of 0.8%. Similarly, the average number of people in the Group in the first quarter of this year was down slightly to 134,807 compared to 135,351 for the same period last year. Since 1 January 2017, on a like-for-like basis, the number of people in the Group has fallen to 134,340 at 31 March 2017 from 135,038 at the start of this year, reflecting continued caution by the Group’s operating companies in hiring and the usual seasonality of a relatively smaller first quarter in comparison to all other quarters. As noted above, the preliminary quarter one revised forecast indicates an approximately 2% improvement in revenue and net sales, whilst forecast headcount at the end of the year remains well balanced. Balance sheet highlights The Group continues to implement its strategy of using free cash flow to enhance share owner value through a balanced combination of capital expenditure, acquisitions, share repurchases and dividends. In the twelve months to 31 March 2017, the Group’s free cash flow was over £1.6 billion (over $2.0 billion). Over the same period, acquisitions, share repurchases and dividends was over £1.8 billion (over $2.3 billion). During the quarter, 10.0 million shares, or 0.8% of the issued share capital, were purchased at a cost of £180 million and an average price of £17.91, 2.0 million shares being held as Treasury stock and 8.0 million shares held by the ESOP Trusts. Average net debt in the first quarter of 2017 was £4.544 billion, compared to £4.091 billion in 2016, at 2017 exchange rates, an increase of £453 million. Net debt at 31 March 2017 was £5.008 billion, compared to £4.534 billion in 2016 (at 2017 exchange rates), an increase of £474 million. The increased average and period end debt figures, reflect both the significant net acquisition spend of £704 million and dividends of £616 million in the twelve months to 31 March 2017, and the impact of the debt acquired on the merger with STW in Australia of approximately £150 million, more than offsetting the improvements in working capital. The net debt figure of £5.008 billion at 31 March, compares with a market capitalisation of approximately £22.022 billion, giving an enterprise value of £27.030 billion. As outlined in the 2015 Preliminary Announcement, the achievement of the previous targeted pay-out ratio of 45% one year ahead of schedule, raised the question of whether the pay-out ratio target should be increased further. Following that review, your Board decided to up the dividend pay-out ratio to a target of 50%, to be achieved by 2017, and as a result, dividends increased by an overall 17.0% in relation to 2015, and a dividend pay-out ratio of 47.7%. In 2016, dividends increased overall by a further 26.7% (including the proposed final dividend of 37.05p), reaching the recently targeted pay-out ratio of 50% one year ahead of schedule. Your Board will continue to review the question of whether the dividend pay-out ratio should be further increased, although any increase has to be balanced against the continuing attractive opportunities to reinvest retained earnings in the business.  Acquisitions In line with the Group’s strategic focus on new markets, new media and data, the Group completed 14 transactions in the first quarter; 7 acquisitions and investments were in new markets and 10 in quantitative and digital and 1 were driven by individual client or agency needs. Out of these transactions, 4 were in new markets and quantitative and digital. Specifically, in the first quarter of 2017, acquisitions and increased equity stakes have been completed in advertising and media investment management in the United States, Croatia, China and India; data investment management in the United Kingdom and Ireland; in digital, eCommerce & shopper marketing in the United States, the United Kingdom, Ireland and China. A further acquisition has been completed since 31 March in digital, eCommerce & shopper marketing in the United States. Outlook Macroeconomic and industry context 2016, the Group’s thirty first year, was another record year, following successive post-Lehman record years in 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014 and 2015, six record years in a row, despite a generally low global growth or tepid environment. Top line growth remained strong, with operating profits and margins meeting and exceeding targets and all regions and sectors showing growth on almost all metrics. 2017 has started more slowly, with like-for-like net sales growth of just under 1%, but with renewed and encouraging net new business wins, confidential assignments globally, in the United States and the Middle East, and further wins to be announced and opportunities to be explored over the coming months. Generally, the world seems trapped currently in a nominal GDP growth range of 3.0-4.0%. Historically, the BRICs or Next 11, located in Asia Pacific, Latin America, Africa & the Middle East and Central & Eastern Europe offered higher growth rates. After all, that is where the next billion middle-class consumers will come from. However, in the last few years Brazil, Russia and China have all faced various challenges and slowed, although India remains the one BRIC star currently continuing to shine. Whilst that diminishing growth gap has been countered somewhat by better prospects in the Next 11, CIVETS and MIST markets like Mexico, Colombia, Vietnam, Indonesia, the Philippines, South Africa, Turkey and Egypt, the growth rates of the mature markets of the United States, the United Kingdom and Western Continental Europe have also improved, albeit from relatively low levels of growth. That continues to be the case with the short to medium-term prospects in the United States, at least, strengthening under the Trump administration, which is much more strongly pro-business, much more business-connected than the Obama administration, outlining planned pro-growth tax, infrastructure investment, spending and regulatory reform, although implementation seems to have been delayed. The prospects in the United Kingdom are more mixed as the post-Brexit vote scenarios will play out over the next two years and uncertainties about the possible outcomes increase, although a successful outcome for the incumbent Government in the forthcoming General Election should provide more wiggle room to negotiate a deal around a transition agreement and/or free movement and keep Tory hard-line Brexiteers in check. The four leading Western Continental European economies, Germany, France, Italy and Spain, also all face political uncertainty, although Germany and Spain are strengthening economically. In these circumstances, clients face challenging top line growth opportunities and uncertainties. And although inflation may pick up in the United States because of stimulative economic policy and in the United Kingdom because of the weakness of sterling, generally inflation remains at low levels, resulting in limited pricing power. As a result, there remains considerable focus on the short-term and cost and the finance and procurement functions are dominant, certainly equal or more powerful than marketing, rightly or wrongly, and the siren calls of consultants suggest cost based solutions. In addition, if you are running an established business, you are faced with three simultaneous discombobulating forces – technological disruption from disintermediators, those like Uber or Airbnb or Amazon in the transportation, hospitality and retail industries; the zero-based budgeting techniques of companies like 3G Capital, Reckitt Benckiser and Coty in consumer package goods and Valeant and Endo in the pharmaceutical industries (although their models have become somewhat discredited); and, finally, the attentions of activist investors such as Nelson Peltz, Bill Ackman or Dan Loeb. These pressures have intensified recently, in the last three to six months with a perfect storm being created by this trifecta of forces, reflected, for example, in the significant psychological impacts of the aborted Kraft Heinz bid for Unilever and the Trian investment in Procter & Gamble. And these winds are unlikely to shift or abate until interest rates return to more normal historical levels. They are causing the distortions that investors like Warren Buffett identified many years ago. The slow but solid growth prospects of baked beans or tomato ketchup are attractive, when you can borrow long-term at virtually zero interest rates.    Not helping either in focusing on the long-term, is the average term life of S&P 500 and FTSE 100 CEOs at 6-7 years, CFOs at 4-5 years and CMOs at 2-3 years. As a result, it is not surprising that since Lehman at the end of 2008, the combined level of dividend payments and share buybacks as a proportion of retained earnings at the S&P 500 has steadily risen from around 60 per cent of retained earnings to over 100%. In effect, managements are abrogating responsibility for reinvesting retained profits to their institutional investors. In fact, in seven of the last eight quarters the ratio has exceeded or almost reached 100%, tapering off in the last two quarters as stock market indices and share prices reached new highs and the relative attraction of buy-backs lessened. This emphasis on the short-term and consequent disinclination to invest for the long-term may be misplaced. Our over ten-year experience of measuring brand valuation clearly shows that the strongest innovators and strongest brands generate the strongest top line growth and total shareholder returns. If you had invested equally over the last decade in the top ten brands identified by our annual Financial Times/Millward Brown BrandZ Top 100 Most Valuable Global Brands survey, you would have outperformed the S&P 500 index by over 50% and the MSCI by over three and a half times, more than most, if not all, active or passive money managers can claim. Investing in innovation and strong brands yields enhanced returns. Perhaps surprisingly, corporate structures that seem to offend customary good corporate governance may deliver better long-term results. Controlled companies like the Murdochs’ Newscorp and Fox or the Roberts’ Comcast or Zuckerberg’s Facebook or Brin & Page’s Google or Bezos’ Amazon or, now, Spiegel’s Snap may provide the confidence and stability needed to take the appropriate level of risk. Given this macro-economic background, it is not surprising that clients are generally grinding it out in a highly competitive ground game, rarely resorting to a passing game or Hail Marys. Both volume and price-based growth are hard to find. Recently reported calendar 2016 and first quarter 2017 results generally reflect this, for example, in the auto, retail, consumer package goods and pharmaceutical industries. Although top line growth may be hard to find and sales guidance missed or just met, bottom lines are met or exceeded. As top line growth opportunities become more and more pressurised, acquisitions and mergers become even more attractive as a growth opportunity, particularly if they present opportunities for significant cost synergies and relatively unleveraged balance sheets can be supplemented by still historically low cost long-term debt. One, no doubt self-interested, investment banker raised the possibility of the first $100 billion cash/debt financed acquisition to surpass the previous world record $60 billion Bayer/Monsanto deal. Our industry is no different. Competition is fierce and as image in trade magazines, in particular, is crucial to many, account wins at any cost are paramount. There have been several examples recently of major groups being prepared to offer clients up-front discounts as an inducement to renew contracts, heavily reduced creative and media fees, extended payment terms, unlimited indirect liability for intellectual property liability and cash or pricing guarantees for media purchasing commitments, even though the latter are difficult for procurement departments to measure and monitor. As some say, you are only as strong as your weakest competitor. These practices cannot last and will only result eventually in poor financial performance and further consolidation, the premium being on long-term profitable growth. Our industry may be in danger of losing the plot. Once you accept benchmarking as a means of evaluation you become a cost and are viewed as a source of funding or insurance, rather than an investment or value added and recent industry results have reflected this increased pressure and inconsistencies. Some are storing up problems for the next generation of management. Not surprising then that your Company’s top line revenue and net sales organic growth continues to hover around the 3% level and on a cumulative basis for the last two years around 6%, as it has done in previous sets of consecutive years. In the first half of 2016 growth was around 4%, due to weaker comparatives and in the second half at around 2% due to stronger comparatives. 2017 is unlikely to be much different. There seems little reason for an upside breakout in growth in terms of worldwide GDP growth, or indeed a downside breakout, despite the possibility of an increase in interest rates in the short-term. Interest rates are likely to continue to remain at historically low relative levels, longer than some think. Whilst Trumponomics may well result in an increase in the United States GDP growth rate and the United States is the biggest ($18 trillion) GDP engine out of a total of $74 trillion worldwide, political uncertainties in Europe, West and East, the Middle East, the PyeongChang Peninsula, Chinese focus on qualitative growth and the longer-term recovery of Latin America, probably mean that stronger growth will be harder to find outside the United States. America First, if the new Administration’s plans are implemented, will almost definitely mean a stronger American economy, at least in the short- to medium-term. 2017 is neither a maxi- or mini-quadrennial year, although it will be somewhat influenced by the build-up for the Russian World Cup and the mid-term Congressional elections, both in 2018 and, perhaps, the PyeongChang Winter Olympics. Nominal GDP growth should continue to grow in the 3.0-4.0% range, with advertising as a proportion remaining constant overall, with mature markets continuing at lower than pre-Lehman levels, counter-balanced by under-branded faster growth markets growing at faster rates. In our own case, budgets indicate top line revenue and net sales growth of around 2%, reflecting the impact of a lower net new business record in the latter part of 2016, although new business activity and conversion rates have recently started to improve. Financial guidance The budgets for 2017 have been prepared on a cautious basis as usual (hopefully), but continue to reflect the faster growing geographical markets of Asia Pacific, Latin America, Africa & the Middle East and Central & Eastern Europe and faster growing functional sub-sector of digital, eCommerce & shopper marketing, with a stronger second half of the year, reflecting the 2016 comparative. Our quarter one preliminary revised forecasts are in line with budget at the net sales level and show the following; n Like-for-like revenue and net sales growth of around 2% n Target operating margin to net sales improvement of 0.3 margin points excluding the impact of currency In 2017, our prime focus will remain on growing revenue and net sales faster than the industry average, driven by our leading position in horizontality, faster growing geographic markets and digital, premier parent company creative and effectiveness position, new business and strategically targeted acquisitions. At the same time, we will concentrate on meeting our operating margin objectives by managing absolute levels of costs and increasing our flexibility in order to adapt our cost structure to significant market changes and by ensuring that the benefits of the restructuring investments taken in 2015 and 2016 continue to be realised. The initiatives taken by the parent company in the areas of human resources, property, procurement, information technology and practice development continue to improve the flexibility of the Group’s cost base. Flexible staff costs (including incentives, freelance and consultants) remain close to historical highs of above 8% of net sales and continue to position the Group extremely well should current market conditions deteriorate. The Group continues to improve co-operation and co-ordination among its operating companies in order to add value to our clients’ businesses and our people’s careers, an objective which has been specifically built into short-term incentive plans. We have decided that up to half of operating company incentive pools are funded and allocated on the basis of Group-wide performance in 2016 and beyond. Horizontality has been accelerated through the appointment of 48 global client leaders for our major clients, accounting for over one third of total revenue of almost $20 billion and 19 regional and country managers in a growing number of test markets and sub-regions, covering about half of the 112 countries in which we operate. Focus has been laid on the areas of media investment management, healthcare, sustainability, government, new technologies, new markets, retailing, shopper marketing, internal communications, financial services and media and entertainment. The Group continues to lead the industry, in co-ordinating communications services geographically and functionally through parent company initiatives and winning Group pitches. Whilst talent and creativity (in the broadest sense) remain key potential differentiators between us and our competitors, increasingly differentiation can also be achieved in three additional ways – through application of technology, for example, Xaxis, AppNexus and Triad; through integration of data investment management, for example, Kantar and comScore (now merged with Rentrak); and through investment in content companies, for example, Imagina, Imagine, Vice, Media Rights Capital, Fullscreen, Indigenous Media, China Media Capital, Bruin and Refinery29. In addition, strong and considered points of view on the adequacy of online and, indeed, offline measurement, on viewability, on internet fraud and transparency, on online media placement and brand safety and, finally, on fake news are all examples where further differentiation is important and can be secured through considered initiatives. With its leadership position, as the world’s largest media investment management operation, GroupM has developed a strong united point of view with its leading clients and associates, like AppNexus, in all these areas and has aligned with Kantar’s data investment management capabilities, for example, through comScore, to provide better capabilities. These philosophical differences and operational capabilities are extremely effective in responding to the trade association and regulatory issues that have been raised recently. Our business remains geographically and functionally well positioned to compete successfully and to deliver on our long-term targets: n Revenue and net sales growth greater than the industry average n Improvement in net sales margin of 0.3 margin points or more, excluding the impact of currency, depending on net sales growth and staff costs to net sales ratio improvement of 0.2 margin points or more n Annual headline diluted EPS growth of 10% to 15% p.a. delivered through revenue growth, margin expansion, acquisitions and share buy-backs   For further information: Sir Martin Sorrell        } Paul Richardson          } Lisa Hau                      }          +44 20 7408 2204 Feona McEwan           } Chris Wade                  }   Kevin McCormack      } Fran Butera                  }          +1 212 632 2235   Juliana Yeh                              +852 2280 3790 www.wppinvestor.com This announcement has been filed at the Company Announcements Office of the London Stock Exchange and is being distributed to all owners of Ordinary shares and American Depository Receipts. Copies are available to the public at the Company’s registered office. The following cautionary statement is included for safe harbour purposes in connection with the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 introduced in the United States of America. This announcement may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the US federal securities laws. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially including adjustments arising from the annual audit by management and the Company’s independent auditors.  For further information on factors which could impact the Company and the statements contained herein, please refer to public filings by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The statements in this announcement should be considered in light of these risks and uncertainties.   CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Abu Dhabi regulatory update Next PostNext Trading statement Search Recent Posts Cubic Boron Nitride Market – Evolving Industry Trends 2024 Education Apps Market : Size, Share, Analysis, Industry Trend, Growth and Demand Audited annual information of Invalda INVL for 2016 Tamper Evident Packaging Market size in terms of volume and value 2016-2026 AB „Invalda INVL“ 2016 m. audituota metinė informacija Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Online Beauty and Personal Care Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast To 2021 “Online Beauty and Personal Care” Online Beauty and Personal Care -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and analysis of Top Key Player Forecast to 2021 Online Beauty and Personal Care Industry Description Wiseguyreports.Com Adds “Online Beauty and Personal Care -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and analysis of Top Key Player Forecast to 2021” To Its Research Database This report studies the global Online Beauty and Personal Care market, analyzes and researches the Online Beauty and Personal Care development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market, like Amazon  Estee Lauder  L’Oreal  Procter & Gamble  Sephora  Drugstore  eBay  Groupon  JCPenney  Kroger  Macy’s  StrawberryNET  Target  ULTA Beauty  Walmart Request for Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/689910-united-states-eu-japan-and-forecast-2021 Market segment by Regions/Countries, this report covers United States EU Japan China India Southeast Asia Market segment by Application, Online Beauty and Personal Care can be split into Application 1 Application 2 Application 3 Leave a Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/689910-united-states-eu-japan-and-forecast-2021 Table of Contents United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia Online Beauty and Personal Care Market Size, Status and Forecast 2021 1 Industry Overview of Online Beauty and Personal Care 1.1 Online Beauty and Personal Care Market Overview 1.1.1 Online Beauty and Personal Care Product Scope 1.1.2 Market Status and Outlook 1.2 Global Online Beauty and Personal Care Market Size and Analysis by Regions 1.2.1 United States 1.2.2 EU 1.2.3 Japan 1.2.4 China 1.2.5 India 1.2.6 Southeast Asia 1.3 Online Beauty and Personal Care Market by End Users/Application 1.3.1 Application 1 1.3.2 Application 2 1.3.3 Application 3 …. 3 Company (Top Players) Profiles 3.1 Amazon 3.1.1 Company Profile 3.1.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.1.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.1.4 Online Beauty and Personal Care Revenue (Value) (2011-2016) 3.1.5 Recent Developments 3.2 Estee Lauder 3.2.1 Company Profile 3.2.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.2.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.2.4 Online Beauty and Personal Care Revenue (Value) (2011-2016) 3.2.5 Recent Developments 3.3 L’Oreal 3.3.1 Company Profile 3.3.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.3.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.3.4 Online Beauty and Personal Care Revenue (Value) (2011-2016) 3.3.5 Recent Developments 3.4 Procter & Gamble 3.4.1 Company Profile 3.4.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.4.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.4.4 Online Beauty and Personal Care Revenue (Value) (2011-2016) 3.4.5 Recent Developments 3.5 Sephora 3.5.1 Company Profile 3.5.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.5.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.5.4 Online Beauty and Personal Care Revenue (Value) (2011-2016) 3.5.5 Recent Developments 3.6 Drugstore 3.6.1 Company Profile 3.6.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.6.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.6.4 Online Beauty and Personal Care Revenue (Value) (2011-2016) 3.6.5 Recent Developments 3.7 eBay 3.7.1 Company Profile 3.7.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.7.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.7.4 Online Beauty and Personal Care Revenue (Value) (2011-2016) 3.7.5 Recent Developments 3.8 Groupon 3.8.1 Company Profile 3.8.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.8.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.8.4 Online Beauty and Personal Care Revenue (Value) (2011-2016) 3.8.5 Recent Developments 3.9 JCPenney 3.9.1 Company Profile 3.9.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.9.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.9.4 Online Beauty and Personal Care Revenue (Value) (2011-2016) 3.9.5 Recent Developments 3.10 Kroger 3.10.1 Company Profile 3.10.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.10.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.10.4 Online Beauty and Personal Care Revenue (Value) (2011-2016) 3.10.5 Recent Developments 3.11 Macy’s 3.12 StrawberryNET 3.13 Target 3.14 ULTA Beauty 3.15 Walmart Buy now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=689910 Continued…                                                                         Contact Us: Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US)  Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) Media Contact Company Name: Wiseguyreports.com Contact Person: Norah Trent Email: sales@wiseguyreports.com Phone: +1 646 845 9349, +44 208 133 9349 City: New York City State: NY Country: United States Website: https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/689910-united-states-eu-japan-and-forecast-2021 CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Fashion & Beauty, Professional Services, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Voice over Mobile Broadband (VoMBB) Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast To 2022 Next PostNext Digatrade Financial Corp. (DIGAF: OTCQB) | Digatrade Announces New Digital OTC Trading Service For Institutional Customers Search Recent Posts Cubic Boron Nitride Market – Evolving Industry Trends 2024 Education Apps Market : Size, Share, Analysis, Industry Trend, Growth and Demand Audited annual information of Invalda INVL for 2016 Tamper Evident Packaging Market size in terms of volume and value 2016-2026 AB „Invalda INVL“ 2016 m. audituota metinė informacija Proudly powered by WordPress
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events All events 09 May 2017. 6pm 18 May 2017. 6pm 25 May 2017. 6pm 31 May 2017. 6pm Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro NA Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro NAPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Sign up UNITED KINGDOM USA Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events 09 May 2017. 6pm 18 May 2017. 6pm 25 May 2017. 6pm 31 May 2017. 6pm × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Lithium General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CSE COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX NEX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Stephen Feldman Jon Hopkins Tip Tv Renae Dyer The Naked Fund Manager Lionel Therond Ed Stacey James Dolman James Eginton Sam Catalano Ed Birkin Andy Brown Fahad Changazi Zak Mir Riccardo Lowi Eugene Gallagher David Eaton Youssef Essaegh Nishant Varma Christian Schmidt Huub Verschueren Mark A. Smith Highlights Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Mining Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Tech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Home Columnists Morning Market Pulse Another Trump flump Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 08:18 27 Apr 2017 FTSE 100 Index called to open -20pts at 7265, having eased back overnight for a successful re-test of key 7255 support. Holding its 2-day sideways channel bodes well for another up-leg following natural consolidation of Monday’s sharp rebound. However, limited overnight progress from the channel floor keeps a breakdown within reach should sentiment deteriorate. Bulls need a break above 7270; Bears require a breach of 7255. Watch levels: Bullish 7270, Bearish 7255. A negative opening call comes after US bourses closed lower, disappointed with an underwhelming Trump tax announcement, and Asian stocks had a lacklustre session overnight as a consequence. Nice ideas, but far from a done deal, merely adding to investor frustration about the lack of progress on all those election pledges that helped fuel risk appetite and markets to recent highs. Japan’s Nikkei is under water in spite of a weaker Yen (BoJ policy unchanged, but growth outlook upgraded). Energy sector still under pressure from oil prices around recent lows after mixed US inventory data, and uncertainty about the global outlook for demand and production. Australia’s ASX is just the right side of break even in spite of Energy weakness from the government restricting  gas export restrictions and oil under pressure while Metals remain range-bound. Lloyds Q1 results look to be a beat across the board, benefiting from lower conduct costs and the UK economy holding up in the face of Brexit. Schroders posts increased assets under management. Persimmon made a good start to 2017, Taylor Wimpey says “positive customer demand and good mortgage availability is supporting a strong sales rate”. AstraZeneca profits fell as it fights declining sales of its cholesterol blockbuster Crestor now the patent has expired and Travis Perkins says Q1 sales rose but trading conditions looks mixed for the rest of 2017. Weir Group is on track to achieve full year profits in line with current market expectations. US equity markets slipped as Trump’s tax proposals disappointed investors, dashing hopes that the President’s economic council would offer some surprises alongside the preannounced tax plan. The Dow Jones closed 0.1% lower, as disappointing Q1 figures for Procter & Gamble offset gains from Verizon and United Technologies, while the S&P 500 closed just over a point shy of breakeven and the Nasdaq once again outperformed, closing flat around recent record highs. After initially rallying to test week long falling highs resistance, Crude Oil prices pared gains after the release of official US government inventories yesterday to hover above support at $51.50 and $49 for Brent and US benchmarks, respectively. Despite a larger than expected drawdown in headline crude stocks, greater than expected builds in both Gasoline and Distillate stocks more than offset the bullish crude inventory figures, raising yet more concern about rising US production levels. Gold rallied yesterday as Trump’s tax reform announcement disappointed visitors, however after the Bank of Japan updated its growth forecasts to show improved growth in the economy, the interest rate sensitive safe-haven asset has pared its gains. An early test of $1265 support will provide an indication of investor sentiment, with support at $1260 and resistance at $1270 eyed as the next significant trading levels. In focus today will be fallout from Trump’s tax announcement, having disappointed by being merely a proposal framework and still facing the same Congressional hurdle (deficit hawks on both sides of the aisle) that he was unable to clear with Healthcare reform. In the afternoon, expect no change to ECB interest rates but the QE bond buying stimulus programme is set to be trimmed from €80bn to €60bn per month. The real meat on the bones, however, will surely come from President Draghi’s 1.30pm press conference; all eyes on the tone of his message (and answers to journalists) regarding improving Eurozone macro data versus French election risk, and what it means for the future of its still highly accommodative monetary policy. Data of note today includes Eurozone Confidence figures (10am), although little change is expected in April, while UK CBI Retail Sales give up ground. German Consumer Price Inflation is seen falling in April, but recovering some of its lost ground on an annual basis, back near the ECB’s 2.0% target. This afternoon, US Durable Goods Orders are forecast to have continued slowing in March, although remaining solid on an ex-transport basis while Pending Home Sales normalise after a very strong February. After the Richmond Fed surprised to the upside yesterday, there is potential for Kansas to do the same, at odds with recent disappointments from Chicago and Philadelphia. Results-wise, US earnings are expected from big guns Alphabet, Amazon, American Airlines, Dow Chemical, Expedia, Ford, Intel, J&J, Microsoft, Starbucks, Under Armour and UPS. Accendo Markets Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version Spreadbetting, CFD trading and Forex are leveraged. This means they can result in losses exceeding your original deposit. Ensure you understand the risks, seek independent financial advice if necessary. RSS Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Delete alert Help Morning Market Pulse http://www.accendomarkets.com Accendo Markets’ morning report offers readers a concise explanation as to why the FTSE100 is called up/down each morning with a glance at its technical levels as well as that of Oil and Gold. We look at the how US bourses closed and what has been happening in Asia, with elaboration on drivers including macro-economic data, corporate results and central bank commentary and what to look out for during the trading day. International: NA AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: © Proactive Investors 2017 Proactive Investor UK Limited, trading as “Proactiveinvestors United Kingdom”, is Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England with Company Registration number 05639690. Group VAT registration number 872070825 FCA Registration number 559082. You can contact us here. Market Indices, Commodities and Regulatory News Headlines copyright © Morningstar. Data delayed 15 minutes unless otherwise indicated. Terms of use
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Disinfectants Market by Product & Data Validation, Analysis and Forecast 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Disinfectants Global Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, April 27, 2017 ) The Global Disinfectants Market is expected to reach around $6.2 billion by 2022. Increasing concerns over the stretch of infectious diseases and increased focus on hygiene are the drivers of the disinfectants market. Increasing demand from healthcare and food industries will continue to drive the market. Aerosol and liquid products are the common disinfectants used in hospitals, although growing number of healthcare facilities are implementing ultraviolet disinfection systems as further measure. For more information http://www.reportsweb.com/disinfectants-global-market-outlook-2015-2022 North America dominates the global market for disinfectants and is expected to grow at a faster pace during the forecast period. The growth rate in Asia Pacific region is high owing to its growing population as well as standard of living. The increasing demand from developing markets in Asia pacific will also help push the market to new heights. Some of the key players in the disinfectants market include Dow Chemical, Lonza Group, BASF, DuPont, ABC Compounding Co., Inc., The Clorox Company, Ecolab Inc, Procter & Gamble Co, Sealed Air Corporation, 3M Company, SC Johnson & Son Inc, Prestige Brands, Inc, Henkel AG & co. KGaA, Ka- Corporation, Medical Chemical Corporation, Metrex Research LLC, ABC Compounding Company, Unilever Plc., and Zep Inc. Types of Disinfectants Covered: - Air disinfectants - Water disinfectants - Surface disinfectants Request Sample Copy http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001152600/sample Regions Covered: - North America - US - Canada - Mexico - Europe - Germany - France - Italy - UK - Spain - Rest of Europe - Asia Pacific - Japan - China - India - Australia - New Zealand - Rest of Asia Pacific - Rest of the World - Middle East - Brazil - Argentina - South Africa - Egypt 8 Company Profiling 8.1 Dow Chemical 8.2 Lonza Group 8.3 BASF 8.4 DuPont 8.5 ABC Compounding Co., Inc. 8.6 The Clorox Company 8.7 Ecolab Inc 8.8 Procter & Gamble C- 8.9 Sealed Air Corporation 8.10 3M Company 8.11 SC Johnson & Son, Inc. 8.12 Prestige Brands, Inc 8.13 Henkel AG & co. KGaA 8.14 Ka- Corporation 8.15 Medical Chemical Corporation 8.16 Metrex Research LLC 8.17 ABC Compounding Company 8.18 Unilever Plc. 8.19 Zep, Inc. Make an enquiry: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001152600/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Pharmaceutical Excipients 2015 Market Trend Analysis, Research Scope, Forecasts 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Pharmaceutical Excipients Global Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, April 27, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Pharmaceutical Excipients Market is valued at $6.31 billion in 2015 and is projected to reach $10.24 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 7.16% from 2015 to 2022. This market is mainly driven by the increasing demand for functional excipients from the pharmaceutical industry. Increasing demand of patent cliffs, growing demand of generics, and emergence of recent excipients are some of the key factors contributing the market growth. However, increasing quality compliance and regulatory requirements for excipient manufacturers are some of the restraints hampering the market growth. Also restricted number of the U.S. FDA approved manufacturing sites due to regulatory restrictions may also inhibit the market growth. Additionally, Adoption of modern science and reduced drug toxicity are the major challenges faced by the pharmaceutical Excipients Market. North American market accounted for the largest market share over the forecast period followed by Europe, Asia-Pacific, and the Rest of the World. Developed geographies like North America and Europe are likely to grow at lower CAGRs when compared to the Asia Pacific market For more information http://www.reportsweb.com/pharmaceutical-excipients-global-market-outlook-2015-2022 Some of the key players in the market include Associated British Foods Plc, Croda International Plc, Evonik Industries Ag, Roquette, Colorcon, Inc., Huntsman Corporation, Eastman Chemical Company, Archer Daniels Midland Company (Adm), Lubrizol Corporation, Fmc Corporation, Avantor Performance Materials, Inc., The Dow Chemical Company, Ashland, Inc., P&G and Basf Se. Products Covered: - Inorganic Chemicals - Calcium Phosphates - Calcium Carbonate - Calcium Sulphate - Halites - Metallic Oxides - Organic Chemicals - Carbohydrates - Petrochemicals - Oleochemicals - Proteins Functionality Covered: - Fillers & Diluents - Binders - Suspension & Viscosity Agents - Coatings - Flavoring Agents - Disintegrants - Colorants - Lubricants & Glidants - Preservatives Route of Administrations Covered - Oral Excipients - Tablets - Capsules - Soft Gelatine Capsules - Liquids - Topical Excipients - Parenteral Excipients - Other Excipients Request Sample Copy http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001216358/sample Regions Covered: - North America - US - Canada - Mexico - Europe - Germany - France - Italy - UK - Spain - Rest of Europe - Asia Pacific - Japan - China - India - Australia - New Zealand - Rest of Asia Pacific - Rest of the World - Middle East - Brazil - Argentina - South Africa - Egypt 10 Company Profiling 10.1 Associated British Foods Plc 10.2 Croda International Plc 10.3 Evonik Industries Ag 10.4 Roquette 10.5 Colorcon, Inc. 10.6 Huntsman Corporation 10.7 Eastman Chemical Company 10.8 Archer Daniels Midland Company (Adm) 10.9 Lubrizol Corporation 10.10 Fmc Corporation 10.11 Avantor Performance Materials, Inc. 10.12 The Dow Chemical Company 10.13 Ashland, Inc. 10.14 P&G 10.15 Basf Se Make an enquiry: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001216358/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics F NOK Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Microsoft (MSFT) slumps after so-so Q3 earnings >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stock Market Today > Major Indices Sell Off as Trump Unveils Tax Plan Trump's tax plan was missing much of what Wall Street wanted Apr 26, 2017, 5:46 pm EDT  |  By Anthony Mirhaydari, InvestorPlace Market Strategist     U.S. equities cooled their heels after Tuesday’s big push to new record highs — led by mega-cap tech stocks in the Nasdaq Composite — as President Trump unveiled his tax plan. The disappointment was palpable on a lack of specifics after months of teasing from the White House. Stocks have gained trillions in market cap value in anticipation of Trump’s proposed pro-business legislation, of which, none have proceeded through the House of Representatives. As a result, patience is wearing thin. In the end, the Dow Jones Industrial Average lost 0.1%, the S&P 500 lost 0.1%, the Nasdaq lost a fraction and the Russell 2000 gained 0.6%. Treasury bonds were mostly stronger, the dollar gained against the euro, gold lost 0.2% and crude oil gained 0.1% after mixed inventory data (crude stockpiles saw a large draw while gasoline stocks posted a big build). Breadth was modestly positive, up with 1.4 advancers for every decliner on the NYSE. Volume was heavy again, at 117% of the 30-day average. Defensive telecom stocks rebounded, up 1.2% to lead the way. REITs were the laggards, down 0.9%. Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR) gained 7.9% after a big first-quarter earnings and revenue beat on strong user metrics, with monthly active users up nine million while daily active users increased 14% from last year for the fourth straight quarter of acceleration. Wynn Resorts, Limited (NASDAQ:WYNN) gained 5.9% on a big operating earnings beat thank to a upside at both Macau and Las Vegas properties on share gains. And Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (NYSE:CMG) gained 2.4% on an earnings beat driven by a 17.8% rise in comp-store sales vs. the 14.9% gain expected. On the downside, United States Steel Corporation (NYSE:X) was slammed 26.8% on a big quarterly earnings miss on a drag from flat rolled steel sales and higher material costs. Forward guidance was lowered. Hard drive maker Seagate Technology PLC (NASDAQ:STX) fell 16.8% on a revenue miss and bloated inventories for this time of the year. And Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) fell 2.5% after reporting an earnings beat that was clouded by weak organic revenue growth and tepid guidance. Turning back to Trump, his tax plan follows these broad outlines: Simplified system with fewer brackets, a doubling of the standard deduction, a 15% business tax rate that would apply to smaller “pass through” entities, elimination of the “death tax” and alternative minimum tax, and the elimination of all deductions save mortgage interest and charitable gifts. Specifics still need to be hashed out with members of Congress. There was also action on trade, with Politico reporting that Trump is preparing an executive order to withdraw from the NAFTA free-trade pact with Canada and Mexico. And there is ongoing chatter about renewed progress on health care reform. The market seems remarkably unconcerned about a possible government shutdown on Friday, with expectations high for a temporary funding bill that gives Republicans and Democrats a few more weeks to hash the budget out. For now, with technical measures overextended, breadth narrow, and sentiment still red hot, the risk-reward relationships seems biased to the downside. As result, I am recommending new defensive positions such as the May $16 calls in the Short Term VIX (NYSEARCA:VXX) that are up more than 20% for Edge Pro subscribers. Anthony Mirhaydari is founder of the Edge (ETFs) and Edge Pro (Options) investment advisory newsletters. A two-week and four-week free trial offer has been extended to Investorplace readers. Redeem by clicking the links above. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/04/major-indices-selloff-as-trump-unveils-tax-plan/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace The 10 Best Stocks for the Next 1,361 Days of President Trump Amazon Rips Higher on Q1 Earnings Beat 3 Infrastructure Stocks Set to Realize Their Trump Potential 2 Semiconductor Stocks to Buy, One to Hold and One to Dump The 3 Best ETFs for Trump’s Presidency Will Amazon Deliver Christmas in April? ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks The 10 Best Stocks for the Next 1,361 Days of President Donald Trump The 3 Best ETFs for the Rest of Trump’s Presidency 3 Infrastructure Stocks That Will Finally Realize Their Trump Potential Semiconductor Stocks: Two to Buy, One to Hold and One to Dump Now 3 ETF Options to Hedge Against the Next Market Crash Most Popular 5 Stocks to Sell in May The 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy for $10 or Less 10 Dividend Stocks That Will Deliver Double-Digit Returns Every Year Forget Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock: Buy These Stocks Instead Why Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Stock Is a Likely Short After Earnings 3 Industrial Stocks to Buy for Trump’s ‘Buy American’ Order Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Market commentary from Anthony Mirhaydari for InvestorPlace Stocks end mixed on big tech earnings blitz Major indices sell off as Trump unveils tax plan Nasdaq surges to close above 6,000 for first time Nasdaq hits record high on French election results Stocks lower as threat of government shutdown looms Dow Jones soars on renewed tax reform hopes Goldman Sachs drags Dow Jones lower Stocks rebound despite global tension, poor data Stocks hit as Q1 earnings roll out Dow loses support for first time since Election Day Stocks threaten breakdown amid geopolitical tension Major Indices Sell Off as Trump Unveils Tax Plan 2 / 11 InvestorPlace Anthony Mirhaydari 1 day ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Stocks end mixed on big tech earnings blitz Nasdaq surges to close above 6,000 for first time Click to expand Replay Video United settles with passenger dragged off flight David Dao has settled with United Airlines for an undisclosed amount after he was forcibly dragged off a flight. Newsy Starbucks is opening a luxury megastore Yesterday, Starbucks announced that it was opening the Starbucks to end all Starbucks in Chicago. According to the press release, the four-level Reserve® Roastery, as it's officially called, will be a "fully sensorial coffee environment dedicated to roasting, brewing and packaging its rare, small-batch Starbucks Reserve coffees from around the world. Wochit Business Heineken ad attempts to bridge divides This Heineken ad is drawing praise online for its message and execution, in sharp contrast to the recent Pepsi ad featuring Kendall Jenner. CNN Money SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Wall Street dips on tax uncertainty Reuters See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next United settles with passenger dragged off flight Newsy0:40 Starbucks is opening a luxury megastore Wochit Business0:35 Heineken ad attempts to bridge divides CNN Money1:45 A pile of snakes terrorizes Walmart shoppers Veuer0:44 How long should you keep tax records? Kiplinger1:18 Alexa, does this sweater fit me? New Echo Look has the answer The Wall Street Journal.1:40 Federal Communications Commission set to undo net neutrality Newsy0:45 'What's your salary' in job interviews is becoming a no-no in some states Veuer1:00 These are the top 10 jobs of 2017 CNBC0:59 Here's how to haggle for the best price on a new car The Washington Post3:18 Airbus profit dips on engine delays, price squeeze Reuters1:37 United raising limit on payments to bumped fliers to $10,000 Wochit Business0:37 These are the signs that your boss secretly hates you Business Insider1:38 Will Facebook be the first $1 trillion company? Fox Business1:06 Visa's business booms in India The Wall Street Journal.0:32 Why ESPN laid off nearly 100 writers, anchors and staffers Newsy1:21 UP NEXT Video by Reuters Quotes in the article Twitter Inc TWTR ▲ 16.61 +0.79 +4.99% Wynn Resorts Ltd WYNN ▼ 124.50 -0.69 -0.55% Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc CMG ▼ 482.00 -0.99 -0.21% United States Steel Corp X ▲ 23.24 +0.46 +2.02% AdChoices U.S. equities cooled their heels after Tuesday’s big push to new record highs — led by mega-cap tech stocks in the Nasdaq Composite — as President Trump unveiled his tax plan. The disappointment was palpable on a lack of specifics after months of teasing from the White House. Stocks have gained trillions in market cap value in anticipation of Trump’s proposed pro-business legislation, of which, none have proceeded through the House of Representatives. As a result, patience is wearing thin. In the end, the Dow Jones Industrial Average lost 0.1%, the S&P 500 lost 0.1%, the Nasdaq lost a fraction and the Russell 2000 gained 0.6%. Treasury bonds were mostly stronger, the dollar gained against the euro, gold lost 0.2% and crude oil gained 0.1% after mixed inventory data (crude stockpiles saw a large draw while gasoline stocks posted a big build).© Provided by InvestorPlace Breadth was modestly positive, up with 1.4 advancers for every decliner on the NYSE. Volume was heavy again, at 117% of the 30-day average. Defensive telecom stocks rebounded, up 1.2% to lead the way. REITs were the laggards, down 0.9%. 5 Stocks to Sell in May Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR) gained 7.9% after a big first-quarter earnings and revenue beat on strong user metrics, with monthly active users up nine million while daily active users increased 14% from last year for the fourth straight quarter of acceleration. Wynn Resorts, Limited (NASDAQ:WYNN) gained 5.9% on a big operating earnings beat thank to a upside at both Macau and Las Vegas properties on share gains. And Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (NYSE:CMG) gained 2.4% on an earnings beat driven by a 17.8% rise in comp-store sales vs. the 14.9% gain expected. Read more from Anthony Mirhaydari and other top money experts On the downside, United States Steel Corporation (NYSE:X) was slammed 26.8% on a big quarterly earnings miss on a drag from flat rolled steel sales and higher material costs. Forward guidance was lowered. Hard drive maker Seagate Technology PLC (NASDAQ:STX) fell 16.8% on a revenue miss and bloated inventories for this time of the year. And Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) fell 2.5% after reporting an earnings beat that was clouded by weak organic revenue growth and tepid guidance. Turning back to Trump, his tax plan follows these broad outlines: Simplified system with fewer brackets, a doubling of the standard deduction, a 15% business tax rate that would apply to smaller “pass through” entities, elimination of the “death tax” and alternative minimum tax, and the elimination of all deductions save mortgage interest and charitable gifts. Specifics still need to be hashed out with members of Congress. There was also action on trade, with Politico reporting that Trump is preparing an executive order to withdraw from the NAFTA free-trade pact with Canada and Mexico. And there is ongoing chatter about renewed progress on health care reform. PayPal Holdings Inc (PYPL) Stock Pops on Earnings, But Trouble Is Brewing The market seems remarkably unconcerned about a possible government shutdown on Friday, with expectations high for a temporary funding bill that gives Republicans and Democrats a few more weeks to hash the budget out.© Provided by InvestorPlace For now, with technical measures overextended, breadth narrow, and sentiment still red hot, the risk-reward relationships seems biased to the downside. As result, I am recommending new defensive positions such as the May $16 calls in the Short Term VIX (NYSEARCA:VXX) that are up more than 20% for Edge Pro subscribers. Anthony Mirhaydari is founder of the Edge (ETFs) and Edge Pro (Options) investment advisory newsletters. A two-week and four-week free trial offer has been extended to Investorplace readers. Redeem by clicking the links above. Previous Next Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from InvestorPlace Everyone Hates McDonald’s ‘Evil’ New Uniforms InvestorPlace Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock Is a “Stay Away!” on Q1 Earnings Beat InvestorPlace Purdue University to Buy Kaplan University, Create New Public School InvestorPlace InvestorPlace View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe With the French Run-Off Looming, Macron Still Has a Lot to Learn His first-round victory masks his inexperience and the trouble he’ll have governing with no seats for his party in Parliament. by Carol Matlack @CarolMatlack More stories by Carol Matlack and Marc Champion @MarcChampion1 More stories by Marc Champion April 28, 2017, 12:01 AM EDT From Subscribe Reprints Macron. Photographer: Mustafa Yalcin/Anadolu Agency/Getty Images The La Rotonde brasserie in Paris has a storied past as a haunt for the likes of Fitzgerald, Hemingway, Picasso, and Trotsky. This spring it’s back in the news for a different kind of guest: Emmanuel Macron, who took his entourage to La Rotonde after winning the first round of the presidential election on April 23. The celebration and triumphant victory speech that preceded it struck many as premature, given that the 39-year-old political neophyte must still face Marine Le Pen of the far-right National Front in a runoff on May 7. The press criticized Macron as tone-deaf, #larotonde became a Twitter meme, and Le Pen pounced on the event as proof that Macron was an “elite Parisian” out of touch with traditional values. “Macron could find nothing better to do than to celebrate?” asks Thomas Guénolé, a professor of politics at the Sciences Po institute in Paris. “He needed to show himself as a statesman, and instead he comes across as a child king.” The misstep is highly unlikely to cost Macron the presidency, because polls show him beating Le Pen by at least 20 percentage points. The greater risk is that it will tarnish his image with a divided electorate and weaken his hand in parliamentary elections in June. Former President Nicolas Sarkozy was dogged by fallout from a 2007 election night dinner at a glitzy restaurant on the Champs-Élysées that helped earn him the nickname “President Bling-Bling.” And while Sarkozy had a ready-made majority in Parliament, Macron’s En Marche! (On the Move!) party was formed only a year ago and has no deputies. En Marche plans to field candidates in every district, but it’s unlikely to secure the 289 lower-house seats needed for a majority to enact Macron’s legislative program of wide-ranging labor reforms and lower corporate and payroll taxes. If he’s seen as politically clumsy, he’ll have trouble wooing members of the center-right Republicans and center-left Socialists to back any eventual coalition government. After the first round, Macron “lacked gravitas, he looked too satisfied,” Socialist Party head Jean-Christophe Cambadélis, who’s endorsed Macron, said on RTL radio on April 25. The National Front holds only two seats in the lower house, but it’s likely to win more in June. Le Pen got almost 22 percent of the vote on April 23, up from the 2012 election, when she placed third in the initial round with 17 percent. Stubbornly high unemployment and a series of deadly terror attacks have strengthened her hand in some traditionally leftist regions, and her lifetime of political experience—her father founded the National Front—may give her a tactical edge over Macron. He’s known as a whiz kid who excelled at top schools and worked as an investment banker before serving as economy minister under Socialist President François Hollande, but he’s never been elected to political office. Another risk is meddling by hackers. Macron’s campaign has been targeted by cyberattacks similar to those used to infiltrate the Democratic National Committee in Washington last year, according to Trend Micro Inc. The cybersecurity consultant said the hackers used a technique known as spearphishing, sending emails appearing to come from Macron’s official website, with attachments that would install spyware if opened. En Marche has confirmed five such attacks since January, but says no campaign data was compromised, and it says staffers generally communicate via encrypted messaging systems rather than email. Le Pen was quick to display her street-fighting skills after Macron’s election night dinner, touring downtrodden areas of northern France to bolster her image as a woman of the people. “This is obviously not La Rotonde,” she said at a market in Rouvroy, a town where she gathered almost 43 percent of the vote. On April 26, she made an unannounced stop at a Whirlpool Corp. plant in Macron’s hometown, Amiens, shortly before he was scheduled to visit. When he arrived, he was greeted by a hostile crowd. The factory is slated to lose 280 jobs as production shifts to Poland—evidence, Le Pen said, that Macron is selling out French workers by supporting “savage globalization.” Macron contends France can benefit from international trade if the government helps companies respond to competition and provides better education and training to workers. “Le Pen’s project will fix nothing of the Whirlpool problem,” he told reporters in Amiens, noting that a local Procter & Gamble Co. plant exports 90 percent of its output. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up If Macron prevails, the Republicans and Socialists may not be eager to back his government, says Mark Leonard, director of the European Council on Foreign Relations in Brussels. While presidential candidates from both parties were knocked out in the first round and asked their supporters to vote for Macron, their deputies in Parliament may be reluctant to work with him for fear of strengthening his nascent party. Undermining Macron, though, would probably do more to help Le Pen than either of the traditional parties—and Leonard says it could bolster an eventual presidential bid in 2022 by Le Pen. “It’s a choice between death by asphyxiation or by drowning,” he says. “In the end I suspect some will peel off to join Macron and others will oppose him.” —With Helene Fouquet and Mark Deen The bottom line: Even if he beats Le Pen on May 7, Macron may have trouble finding support in Parliament for his agenda. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Jeff Bezos Is Just $5 Billion Away From Being the World's Richest Person With Secret Airship, Sergey Brin Also Wants to Fly Why Getting Fired Is Worse Than Divorce Under Armour Loses Whatever Swagger It Had Left Amazon Extends Growth Streak, Unfazed by Lavish Spending Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Home» Feeds» Thomson Reuters» Canada Business Berkshire's Duracell sues over gray market battery imports Add to ... By Jonathan Stempel Reuters Published Thursday, Apr. 27, 2017 6:19PM EDT Last updated Thursday, Apr. 27, 2017 6:19PM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Duracell, a unit of Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc <BRKa.N>, on Thursday filed a lawsuit accusing a Missouri wholesaler of illegally selling gray market versions of its copper-top alkaline batteries. According to a complaint filed in federal court in Chicago, JRS Ventures Inc is importing and selling batteries made in China that were intended for sale only to Duracell's original equipment manufacturers, to be packaged with products such as appliances and remote controls. Duracell, which long used the tagline "no regular battery looks like it or lasts like it," said JRS's batteries do look like its own but come in packaging that does not mention Duracell's 10-year guarantee or how to obtain customer service. Chicago-based Duracell said it learned of the alleged infringement in March, and said that JRS refused its demand to stop selling the infringing batteries. Purchasers of the infringing batteries "are likely to be confused and indeed disappointed," Duracell said. "Further, such sales of infringing products cause great damage to Duracell and greatly damage the goodwill in Duracell's valuable trademarks." JRS, based in the St. Louis suburb of O'Fallon, had no immediate comment when reached by phone and did not immediately respond to a separate email seeking comment. Duracell is seeking a halt to JRS's alleged infringement, plus unspecified punitive and triple damages. Berkshire, which is based in Omaha, Nebraska, acquired Duracell from Procter & Gamble Co <PG.N> in February 2016. The case is Duracell U.S. Operations Inc v JRS Ventures Inc, U.S. District Court, Northern District of Illinois, No. 17-03166. (Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Leslie Adler) This content appears as provided to The Globe by the originating wire service. It has not been edited by Globe staff.   BRK.A-NBerkshire Hathaway Inc Latest Price$249,950.00 0.00 (0.00%) BRK.B-NBerkshire Hathaway Inc Latest Price$166.55 0.00 (0.00%) PG-NProcter & Gamble Co Latest Price$87.69 0.00 (0.00%) Updated April 27 3:59 PM EDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. Topics Illinois St Louis Chicago, Illinois China Procter & Gamble Company Berkshire Hathaway Inc. Warren Buffett Missouri New York Omaha, Nebraska Duracell Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » News China launches its first domestically built aircraft carrier News Le Pen steps aside as National Front leader News Ivanka Trump booed for praising her father at women's summit Report on Business Why the U.S. has a problem with Canada's softwood exports News Trump on North Korea, trade and Saudi Arabia Report on Business Gen Y Money: What to do with your money if you'll never buy a home News Flashback: President Clinton’s original signing of NAFTA into law in 1993 Report on Business Andrew Willis: Why share buybacks aren't smart (right now) for Canada's energy sector News B.C. NDP leader defends temperament after debate News Fort McMurray residents look back, one year after fire Report on Business Leaving money to a secret beneficiary News Trudeau says he helped Trump decide not to cancel NAFTA ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business Streetwise newsletter: Home Capital on the block Arts Uriel Luft: Ballet impresario was devoted to dance Most popular April 28: Your daily horoscope Working past 65? Beware this Canada Pension Plan oddity Home Capital rebounds as it firms up line of credit, looks at possible sale 2017 Ontario budget: 10 things you need to know Trump vows to fix or scrap South Korea trade deal, wants payment for THAAD X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters The New York Times Get digital access or the printed edition delivered to your door. Subscribe to The New York Times Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Berkshire's Duracell sues over gray market battery imports Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Thu Apr 27, 2017 | 6:18pm EDT Berkshire's Duracell sues over gray market battery imports FILE PHOTO: Used Duracell batteries are seen in an office in Kiev April 17, 2012. REUTERS/Anatolii Stepanov By Jonathan Stempel Duracell, a unit of Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc (BRKa.N), on Thursday filed a lawsuit accusing a Missouri wholesaler of illegally selling gray market versions of its copper-top alkaline batteries. According to a complaint filed in federal court in Chicago, JRS Ventures Inc is importing and selling batteries made in China that were intended for sale only to Duracell's original equipment manufacturers, to be packaged with products such as appliances and remote controls. Duracell, which long used the tagline "no regular battery looks like it or lasts like it," said JRS's batteries do look like its own but come in packaging that does not mention Duracell's 10-year guarantee or how to obtain customer service. Chicago-based Duracell said it learned of the alleged infringement in March, and said that JRS refused its demand to stop selling the infringing batteries. Purchasers of the infringing batteries "are likely to be confused and indeed disappointed," Duracell said. "Further, such sales of infringing products cause great damage to Duracell and greatly damage the goodwill in Duracell's valuable trademarks." JRS, based in the St. Louis suburb of O'Fallon, had no immediate comment when reached by phone and did not immediately respond to a separate email seeking comment. Duracell is seeking a halt to JRS's alleged infringement, plus unspecified punitive and triple damages. Berkshire, which is based in Omaha, Nebraska, acquired Duracell from Procter & Gamble Co (PG.N) in February 2016. The case is Duracell U.S. Operations Inc v JRS Ventures Inc, U.S. District Court, Northern District of Illinois, No. 17-03166. (Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Leslie Adler) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Business News Tech firms race to spot video violence SINAGPORE Companies from Singapore to Finland are racing to improve artificial intelligence so software can automatically spot and block videos of grisly murders and mayhem before they go viral on social media. Trump says was 'psyched to terminate NAFTA' but reconsidered WASHINGTON President Donald Trump told Reuters on Thursday that he was "psyched" to terminate the NAFTA trade deal with Canada and Mexico, but changed his mind after their leaders asked for it to be renegotiated instead. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 25° | Max. 32° Air Quality: PSI 36-63 We set you thinking Friday 28 April 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World Austrian far-right lawmaker: stop giving Turks Austrian nationality 1493362432 World Movie house opens doors to visually impaired 1493362907 China&India Cracks on new homes in China’s quake-prone region 1493362560 Business Honda forecasts lower operating profit in 2017/18 1493362258 Lifestyle Yes, there is a right way to wash your hair 1493357160 World Malaysian parents pinched by rising international school fees 1493362007 World Lipstick handy, lorry driver forges her own path 1493361407 World Hungary PM says second border fence to keep out migrants finished 1493360881 World China sentences prominent rights lawyer in closed trial 1493360710 World Knights of Malta draw battle lines after clash with pope 1493360186 World Thailand under strain from tourist surge 1493360513 Business Profit-taking trips up Asian stocks, Korean won slips on Trump trade threat 1493359825 World U.S. anti-missile system 'should be decision for next South Korean government' 1493359148 Entertainment Beyoncé 3.0: The maternal ideal 1493358407 World Trump says he thought being president would be easier than his old life 1493357520 Business Tech firms race to spot video violence 1493357506 World Malaysia PM warns uneven growth could fuel extremism, instability in SE Asia 1493354460 Entertainment Farm-to-festival: Thai folk music strikes a global chord 1493356560 Business Next battleground: An aging Great Lakes pipeline stirs new protest 1493356585 Business U.S. refiners bet on strong exports to balance market 1493356236 World Tillerson to lay U.N. groundwork to boost North Korea sanctions 1493355785 Business Top Foxconn executives visit White House, but mum on details 1493355577 World U.S. warns of possible conflict with North Korea, China says situation could escalate 1493353560 Entertainment Hong Kong star G.E.M. to bring Queen of Hearts show to Singapore 1493355406 Business Investors, South Korean tech suppliers brush off North Korea threat 1493354920 World Brazil faces nationwide strike threatening to paralyze country 1493353002 China&India Man jailed for holding up Hong Kong money exchange with a fake grenade and air pistol 1493350260 Tech Single log-in option for online services will be out ‘later this year’ 1493351760 World Afghan Taliban launch spring offensive as U.S. reviews strategy 1493352238 World South Korea paying for THAAD 'impossible': adviser to presidential frontrunner 1493351435 Business Congress readies votes Friday on bill to avert government shutdown 1493351290 Entertainment Xiang Yun, Rebecca Lim and Kym Ng to lead a tour through Caldecott Broadcast Centre 1493350860 World Highlights of Reuters interview with Trump 1493350031 Business Trump says was 'psyched to terminate NAFTA' but reconsidered 1493349748 World When Malaysian school authorities use the rod... and physically harm children 1493348760 Singapore Layoffs down in Q1 2017, but total employment shrank: MOM 1493344680 World Exclusive: Trump complains Saudis not paying fair share for U.S. defense 1493348216 Singapore JCs slated for closure: Raft of ideas from alumni to preserve heritage 1493323320 Business Exclusive: Tesla's Klaus Grohmann ousted after clash with CEO Musk - sources 1493348035 World South Korea to 'wait and see' after Trump threat to scrap free trade deal 1493347504 World Exclusive: Trump spurns Taiwan president's suggestion of another phone call 1493347608 Daily Focus British inventor takes flight in ‘Iron Man’ suit 1493340660 Business Oil prices rise on potential OPEC cut extension, but face second weekly loss 1493346593 World Trump says 'major, major' conflict with North Korea possible, but seeks diplomacy 1493341020 Business South Korea automakers concerned over possible revision of U.S. trade deal 1493345752 Business Uber's Levandowski to take smaller role in self-driving during Waymo lawsuit 1493345349 World Online videos of killings pose tricky problem for Facebook 1493343412 Voices Toa Payoh incident shows need for moral values 1493343406 Singapore Uber banking on innovation to stay ahead of the pack 1493323320 Singapore "Unemployment could rise further" as Singapore tackles structural transition: Swee Say 1493343000 Business Berkshire's Duracell sues over gray market battery imports mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 6:20 AM, April 28, 2017 Duracell, a unit of Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc <BRKa.N>, on Thursday filed a lawsuit accusing a Missouri wholesaler of illegally selling gray market versions of its copper-top alkaline batteries. According to a complaint filed in federal court in Chicago, JRS Ventures Inc is importing and selling batteries made in China that were intended for sale only to Duracell's original equipment manufacturers, to be packaged with products such as appliances and remote controls. Duracell, which long used the tagline "no regular battery looks like it or lasts like it," said JRS's batteries do look like its own but come in packaging that does not mention Duracell's 10-year guarantee or how to obtain customer service. Chicago-based Duracell said it learned of the alleged infringement in March, and said that JRS refused its demand to stop selling the infringing batteries. Purchasers of the infringing batteries "are likely to be confused and indeed disappointed," Duracell said. "Further, such sales of infringing products cause great damage to Duracell and greatly damage the goodwill in Duracell's valuable trademarks." JRS, based in the St. Louis suburb of O'Fallon, had no immediate comment when reached by phone and did not immediately respond to a separate email seeking comment. Duracell is seeking a halt to JRS's alleged infringement, plus unspecified punitive and triple damages. Berkshire, which is based in Omaha, Nebraska, acquired Duracell from Procter & Gamble Co <PG.N> in February 2016. The case is Duracell U.S. Operations Inc v JRS Ventures Inc, U.S. District Court, Northern District of Illinois, No. 17-03166. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players ‘Nurturing workers key for future economy’ World Bank's Kim says Trump likes lender's private capital plans World Bank Group, China-led AIIB agree to deepen cooperation Why a Chinese coal miner may be vying for Singapore Mobile Carrier M1 White House's Cohn says 'fair trade' means reciprocal tariffs What’s worse than divorce or death of a spouse? Getting fired, studies say Wells Fargo overhauls lawmaking and policy arm Wells Fargo has satisfactory 'living will' plan: Fed Wells Fargo expands settlement to include more customer accounts Wells Fargo board pays price for letting whistleblowers whistle in the wind Inside Today World Movie house opens doors to visually impaired Austrian far-right lawmaker: stop giving Turks Austrian nationality Malaysian parents pinched by rising international school fees Lipstick handy, lorry driver forges her own path Hungary PM says second border fence to keep out migrants finished Business Honda forecasts lower operating profit in 2017/18 Profit-taking trips up Asian stocks, Korean won slips on Trump trade threat Tech firms race to spot video violence Next battleground: An aging Great Lakes pipeline stirs new protest U.S. refiners bet on strong exports to balance market Sports ESPN layoffs a sign that live sports TV industry is in crisis FAS elections: Embattled Bill Ng strikes confident pose despite turbulent fortnight Stanchart Marathon Singapore bidding to be 7th World Marathon Major Video assistant referees for next year’s World Cup finals: FIFA Chinese club Guangzhou charged by AFC for fans’ “British Dogs” banner Entertainment Beyoncé 3.0: The maternal ideal Farm-to-festival: Thai folk music strikes a global chord Hong Kong star G.E.M. to bring Queen of Hearts show to Singapore Xiang Yun, Rebecca Lim and Kym Ng to lead a tour through Caldecott Broadcast Centre British inventor takes flight in ‘Iron Man’ suit About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Leo Burnett Chicago Names Emma Montgomery Chief Strategy Officer CHICAGO, April 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Today, Emma Montgomery was named Chief Strategy Officer of Leo Burnett Chicago. She continues her journey from Leo Burnett Sydney, where she led communications planning and brand strategy, and helped develop and lead an innovative, cross-functional approach to creative problem solving. „Emma has the unique ability to think from brand, media, digital and social points of view as needed, and to use those perspectives to provide actionable counsel for her clients,” said Brent Nelsen, Leo Burnett North America Chief Strategy Officer. „Emma inherently envisions brands within the context of today’s on-demand society and has deep expertise in cross-channel communications.” Emma Montgomery named Leo Burnett Chicago Chief Strategy Officer Montgomery will help lead Leo Burnett in part by working with The Core, the agency’s newly launched data and analytics offering, to unlock insights that will fuel creativity. „Leo Burnett is a world-class creative agency,” said Montgomery. „And creativity has never been more important as a problem-solving tool. As the relationship between people and brands becomes increasingly dynamic, how we design and deliver our creative solutions must be able to adapt accordingly. I look forward to pairing my expertise in brand experience design with our strategic and creative talent to initiate effective, integrated solutions that build brands and transform businesses.” Montgomery will report to Andrew Swinand, Leo Burnett North America CEO, and join the agency’s leadership. „Emma brings a global perspective and unique multichannel media expertise to the position. She has a keen understanding of how brands can thrive at the intersection of data, technology and creativity, and has done extensive communications planning on global and national scales,” said Swinand. „Emma’s diversity of experience and knowledge, coupled with her leadership, make her an outstanding fit for this role.” In her position at Leo Burnett Sydney, Montgomery was responsible for directing, growing and innovating the agency’s strategic product. Montgomery has also held various communications planning and brand strategy roles at Starcom, both in Chicago and in Sydney, Australia, encompassing areas such as data and analytics, research and innovation, among others. About Leo Burnett Chicago Leo Burnett Chicago is a communications agency powered by its HumanKind operating system, with the belief that creativity, data and technology work together to transform human behavior and drive prosperity for clients. Part of Publicis Communications, the agency works with some of the world’s most valued brands including Allstate, Brooks, Esurance, Firestone, Jim Beam, Kellogg’s, Kraft, Marshalls, Nintendo, P&G, Samsung and UnitedHealthcare among others. To learn more about Leo Burnett and its rich, 81-year history of creating iconic brands, visit our site, Facebook page and follow us via @leoburnettchi. Contact: Michael Cowen 312.220.3953 michael.cowen@mslgroup.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/leo-burnett-chicago-names-emma-montgomery-chief-strategy-officer-300447315.html SOURCE Leo Burnett Related Links http://www.leoburnett.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious BANKRATE OVERHAULS MULTIPLE ON-PREMISE SYSTEMS WITH NETSUITE ONEWORLD Next PostNext Kooomo Storms Into Gartner Magic Quadrant 2017 Search Recent Posts Atacama Resources International Launches Good2Drive Mobile Application Aiming to Make Highways Safer Perfusion Adsorption Column Market Forecast 2022: Global Key Manufactures, Challenges, Demand, Trend and Opportunities SafeBreach CTO and Co-Founder Itzik Kotler to Present at Chicago’s Hacking Conference THOTCON 0x8 Tracheal Intubation Market: Global Analysis of Key Manufacturers, Dynamics, Demand & Forecast 2017-2022 Learning Design Pioneer Launches New Learning Analytics to Inform Instruction and Course Design Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,981 +6.24 +0.03% Nasdaq 6,049 +23.71 +0.39% S&P 500 2,389 +1.32 +0.06% 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.2% lower at 12,422.66 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 1 point lower at 5,271.52 3:02 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 1 point lower at 7,236.51 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% lower at 387.10 3:00 A.M. ET Updated It’s NFL Draft day: Here’s financial advice for incoming rookies from current and former players 2:52 A.M. ET Updated How U.K. GDP data could yank the pound back down to $1.26 2:51 A.M. ET Updated Trump says a ‘major, major conflict’ with North Korea is possible 2:47 A.M. ET Updated Trump on being President: ‘I thought it would be easier’ 2:38 A.M. ET Opinion A world turned inside out: Emerging economies have emerged on top 2:37 A.M. ET Amazon cut to sector weight from overweight at Pacific Crest 2:36 A.M. ET Bank of Ireland trading in line despite Brexit 2:35 A.M. ET Sony expects operating profit to rise to $4.5 bln 2:35 A.M. ET Old Mutual Unit assets grow 6% 2:34 A.M. ET U.K. government cuts Lloyds stake to below 1% 2:34 A.M. ET RBS swings to better than expected profit 2:33 A.M. ET France's GDP growth slows ahead of election 2:32 A.M. ET Linde profit, revenue beats expectations 2:32 A.M. ET Barclays profit halves on African write-down 2:30 A.M. ET Baidu CFO to head investment firm Baidu Capital 2:23 A.M. ET Sanofi profit jumps on sale of animal-health unit Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Leo Burnett Chicago Names Emma Montgomery Chief Strategy Officer By Published: Apr 27, 2017 12:15 p.m. ET Share Formerly strategy lead of Leo Burnett Sydney, Montgomery continues her journey with Chicago team CHICAGO, April 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Today, Emma Montgomery was named Chief Strategy Officer of Leo Burnett Chicago. She continues her journey from Leo Burnett Sydney, where she led communications planning and brand strategy, and helped develop and lead an innovative, cross-functional approach to creative problem solving. "Emma has the unique ability to think from brand, media, digital and social points of view as needed, and to use those perspectives to provide actionable counsel for her clients," said Brent Nelsen, Leo Burnett North America Chief Strategy Officer. "Emma inherently envisions brands within the context of today's on-demand society and has deep expertise in cross-channel communications." Montgomery will help lead Leo Burnett in part by working with The Core, the agency's newly launched data and analytics offering, to unlock insights that will fuel creativity. "Leo Burnett is a world-class creative agency," said Montgomery. "And creativity has never been more important as a problem-solving tool. As the relationship between people and brands becomes increasingly dynamic, how we design and deliver our creative solutions must be able to adapt accordingly. I look forward to pairing my expertise in brand experience design with our strategic and creative talent to initiate effective, integrated solutions that build brands and transform businesses." Montgomery will report to Andrew Swinand, Leo Burnett North America CEO, and join the agency's leadership. "Emma brings a global perspective and unique multichannel media expertise to the position. She has a keen understanding of how brands can thrive at the intersection of data, technology and creativity, and has done extensive communications planning on global and national scales," said Swinand. "Emma's diversity of experience and knowledge, coupled with her leadership, make her an outstanding fit for this role." In her position at Leo Burnett Sydney, Montgomery was responsible for directing, growing and innovating the agency's strategic product. Montgomery has also held various communications planning and brand strategy roles at Starcom, both in Chicago and in Sydney, Australia, encompassing areas such as data and analytics, research and innovation, among others. About Leo Burnett ChicagoLeo Burnett Chicago is a communications agency powered by its HumanKind operating system, with the belief that creativity, data and technology work together to transform human behavior and drive prosperity for clients. Part of Publicis Communications, the agency works with some of the world's most valued brands including Allstate, Brooks, Esurance, Firestone, Jim Beam, Kellogg's, Kraft, Marshalls, Nintendo, P&G, Samsung and UnitedHealthcare among others. To learn more about Leo Burnett and its rich, 81-year history of creating iconic brands, visit our site, Facebook page and follow us via @leoburnettchi. Contact:Michael Cowen 312.220.3953 michael.cowen@mslgroup.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/leo-burnett-chicago-names-emma-montgomery-chief-strategy-officer-300447315.html SOURCE Leo Burnett Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Trump says a ‘major, major conflict’ with North Korea is possible Amazon is worth so much because AWS is tech’s true unicorn These are the only 9 stocks Morningstar is fully bullish on Americans may soon have to kiss these lucrative personal tax deductions goodbye Aging Drivers Propel Self-Driving Technology in Japan MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Leo Burnett Chicago Names Emma Montgomery Chief Strategy Officer Formerly strategy lead of Leo Burnett Sydney, Montgomery continues her journey with Chicago team News provided by Leo Burnett 27 Apr, 2017, 12:15 ET Share this article CHICAGO, April 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Today, Emma Montgomery was named Chief Strategy Officer of Leo Burnett Chicago. She continues her journey from Leo Burnett Sydney, where she led communications planning and brand strategy, and helped develop and lead an innovative, cross-functional approach to creative problem solving. "Emma has the unique ability to think from brand, media, digital and social points of view as needed, and to use those perspectives to provide actionable counsel for her clients," said Brent Nelsen, Leo Burnett North America Chief Strategy Officer. "Emma inherently envisions brands within the context of today's on-demand society and has deep expertise in cross-channel communications." Emma Montgomery named Leo Burnett Chicago Chief Strategy Officer Montgomery will help lead Leo Burnett in part by working with The Core, the agency's newly launched data and analytics offering, to unlock insights that will fuel creativity. "Leo Burnett is a world-class creative agency," said Montgomery. "And creativity has never been more important as a problem-solving tool. As the relationship between people and brands becomes increasingly dynamic, how we design and deliver our creative solutions must be able to adapt accordingly. I look forward to pairing my expertise in brand experience design with our strategic and creative talent to initiate effective, integrated solutions that build brands and transform businesses." Montgomery will report to Andrew Swinand, Leo Burnett North America CEO, and join the agency's leadership. "Emma brings a global perspective and unique multichannel media expertise to the position. She has a keen understanding of how brands can thrive at the intersection of data, technology and creativity, and has done extensive communications planning on global and national scales," said Swinand. "Emma's diversity of experience and knowledge, coupled with her leadership, make her an outstanding fit for this role." In her position at Leo Burnett Sydney, Montgomery was responsible for directing, growing and innovating the agency's strategic product. Montgomery has also held various communications planning and brand strategy roles at Starcom, both in Chicago and in Sydney, Australia, encompassing areas such as data and analytics, research and innovation, among others. About Leo Burnett Chicago Leo Burnett Chicago is a communications agency powered by its HumanKind operating system, with the belief that creativity, data and technology work together to transform human behavior and drive prosperity for clients. Part of Publicis Communications, the agency works with some of the world's most valued brands including Allstate, Brooks, Esurance, Firestone, Jim Beam, Kellogg's, Kraft, Marshalls, Nintendo, P&G, Samsung and UnitedHealthcare among others. To learn more about Leo Burnett and its rich, 81-year history of creating iconic brands, visit our site, Facebook page and follow us via @leoburnettchi. Contact: Michael Cowen 312.220.3953 michael.cowen@mslgroup.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/leo-burnett-chicago-names-emma-montgomery-chief-strategy-officer-300447315.html SOURCE Leo Burnett Related Links http://www.leoburnett.com 11 Apr, 2017, 18:47 ET Preview: Leo Burnett Launches "The Core" As Integrated Data and Analytics Offering My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 11 Apr, 2017, 18:47 ET Leo Burnett Launches "The Core" As Integrated Data and Analytics... Explore More news releases in similar topics Advertising Personnel Announcements You just read: Leo Burnett Chicago Names Emma Montgomery Chief Strategy Officer News provided by Leo Burnett 27 Apr, 2017, 12:15 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
MarketingMarketing Ideas Insights Services Reports Dashboard Books Assessment Keynotes Events About Contact Login Logout Copyright and Terms All Categories > ALL Fashion Tech Life Culture Design Ads Business Eco Good Luxury Bizarre Keynotes TV About Us Community Login Celebrity-Hosted Spring Cleaning Guides Score 4.5 More Stats +/- Interactive Makeup Filters Steamy Social Media Apps Quick College Application Videos Age-Guessing Photo Apps Monetized Business Stories Mr. Clean's Magic Eraser Ad Stars TV Host Jillian Harris By: Jana Pijak - Apr 27, 2017 References: youtube Design expert and influencer Jillian Harris recently teamed up with household brand Mr. Clean to promote its popular Magic Eraser product. Harris is best known for her work as a Love It or List It Vancouver co-host and for her stint on The Bachelorette Canada. Known for offering interior design advice, the host turned mommy blogger shares her spring cleaning tips with Mr. Clean's core audience in a webisode that is engaging and practical. This spring cleaning guide features tips for everything from kitchen cleanup secrets to ways to eliminate outdoor dirt buildup in one's backyard. By enlisting the help of a well-known design expert and TV personality, CPG giant Procter & Gamble targets viewers who respond to honest and authentic marketing that is backed by a name they trust. AWARD-WINNING INNOVATION Join 5,000,000 getting Better & Faster with our NY Times Bestselling books & videos ➤ Related Top 10 Slideshows Video Pro Services Innovation Accelerator Innovation Keynotes Trend Reports Custom Dashboards Future Festival Free Resources Innovation Videos & Books Weekly Trend Report NEW: 2017 Trend Report Get a FREE Report Digital Dating SnapshotsThe Lively App Introduced 'Quickies,' or the Snapchat of Dating Social Media Job InterviewsMcDonald's Australia is Accepting 'Snaplications' Through Snapchat Branded Design Expert WebisodesThis Swiffer Ad Includes Home Improvement Tips by Jonathan Scott Pinboard Theme Park PlannersWalt Disney World Created Specialized Pinterest Trip-Planning Tools Top 25 Interactive Ideas in AprilFrom Female Friendship Events to Interactive Gaming Displays Top 75 Packaging Trends in AprilFrom Biodegradable Seagrass Packaging to Vibrant Fruit Snacks Stats for Celebrity-Hosted Spring Cleaning Guides Trending: New & Average Research: 15 hr Interest: > 3 minutes Concept: Jillian Harris Related: 69 examples / 53 photos Segment: Neutral, 18-55 Comparison Set: 25 similar articles, including: steamy social media apps, interactive makeup filters, and quick college application videos. Related Reports: Household Report, Food Report, Ready-To-Wear Report, DIY Cleaning Report, Nutritional Food Report SCORE: 4.5 Popularity: Activity: Freshness: Demographics: PRO Content Custom Research Comments / Reactions [+/-] Bookmark Comment Must See WTF OMG LOL Cute Nerdy HOT More About Us, Advertising & Contact     Innovation Keynote Speaker     Best Innovation Conference     Custom Trend Reports Trends and Content © Copyright 2017 TREND HUNTER Inc. All Rights Reserved.     Terms of Use & Privacy Policy Questions 35 time: 0.2440 , e-time: 0.2460
Swiffer Teams Up With Dr. Evan Antin With #Adulting Tips for Tackling Pet Parenting Instagram’s Famous Vet Joins the “If You’ve Got A Life, You Gotta Swiffer” Campaign to Prepare New and Prospective Pet Owners for the Responsibility that Comes with Adopting a Furry Friend Pet Vet Dr. Evan Antin demonstrates one of the key adulting moments of new pet ownership - cleaning - while using a Swiffer Sweeper and holding an adoptable puppy from Bideawee Animal Shelter, Wednesday, April 26, 2017, in New York. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Swiffer/AP Images) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Pet Vet Dr. Evan Antin demonstrates one of the key adulting moments of new pet ownership - cleaning - while using a Swiffer Sweeper and holding an adoptable puppy from Bideawee Animal Shelter, Wednesday, April 26, 2017, in New York. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Swiffer/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Instagram's favorite pet vet, Dr. Evan Antin, spends the day with Swiffer helping new pet owners nail the adulting moments of pet parenthood with pet-friendly solutions for creating a clean and safe home, Wednesday, April 26, 2017, in New York. His puppy companion is an adoptable pup from Bideawee Animal Shelter. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Swiffer/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail April 27, 2017 08:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time CINCINNATI--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Bringing a pet home is a major adulting moment. In fact, many couples use it as a test of their relationship, but adding a four-legged friend to your family also comes with a lot of responsibility. Swiffer has teamed up with Dr. Evan Antin to kick off National Pet Month in May, and to offer tips on how to make pet parenting easier. There’s more to having a furry companion than just picking a cute name. With cuteness comes mess and shed. Tackle the shed and mess of having a pet like an adult with Swiffer – the original cleaning “hack” for pet owners! Swiffer’s variety of products help busy, time-starved pet owners clean quickly and effectively. No matter how much time there is to clean, Swiffer’s WetJet, Sweeper and Dusters help tidy up life’s dirtiest moments, and muddiest paws, fast. “When you have pets, you learn that one of your biggest duties is to keep their areas safe, and a big part of doing that is cleaning up their things and the areas they live in,” shares Dr. Evan Antin. “As a wildlife vet, I often spend long hours in the office which leaves little time to spend with my dog Henry and the cats, let alone clean up after them. Having a Swiffer at the ready helps me quickly clean my home so I can spend more time bonding and playing with my pets and less time cleaning the shed in my life!” Last year, Dr. Evan Antin’s Instagram took the social world by storm when his well-documented dedication to his exotic, small and wildlife patients went viral. Since then, Dr. Antin has been on a mission to bring to the forefront the world of wildlife veterinary science and to educate current and future pet owners on the responsibility, and mess, that comes with having a pet. Recently the Swiffer brand celebrated its 18th birthday and launched the, “If You’ve Got A Life, You Gotta Swiffer,” campaign to show time-starved families that with Swiffer you don’t have to spend your whole life cleaning to have a clean home. Now the brand, with the help of Dr. Evan Antin, is sweeping away cleaning worries for pet parents. If you’ve got a pet, you gotta Swiffer! For more information on the Swiffer family of products, please visit swiffer.com, facebook.com/swiffer or youtube.com/swifferusa. About Swiffer® In 1999, Swiffer made its debut and soon established itself as both a pioneer in the cleaning systems category and a pop culture icon. Swiffer products have starred on “Saturday Night Live,” have been featured in Hollywood blockbusters and have graced the cover of Rolling Stone. With the support of Swiffer fans around the world, Swiffer has built a family of distinctive products built smarter than traditional cleaning tools. Today, Swiffer® Sweeper, Swiffer® Sweeper Heavy Duty, Swiffer® SweeperVac®, Swiffer® WetJet®, Swiffer® Dusters®, Swiffer® 360° Dusters, Swiffer®Dusters Extender, Swiffer® Dust and Shine and Swiffer® Steamboost® are used in more than 50 million households worldwide and continue to revolutionize the way people clean. About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. Contacts Citizen Relations Alyssa Bermudes (US), 213-996-3806 alyssa.bermudes@citizenrelations.com Contacts Citizen Relations Alyssa Bermudes (US), 213-996-3806 alyssa.bermudes@citizenrelations.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Swiffer Teams Up With Dr. Evan Antin With #Adulting Tips for Tackling Pet Parenting Instagram’s Famous Vet Joins the “If You’ve Got A Life, You Gotta Swiffer” Campaign to Prepare New and Prospective Pet Owners for the Responsibility that Comes with Adopting a Furry Friend Pet Vet Dr. Evan Antin demonstrates one of the key adulting moments of new pet ownership - cleaning - while using a Swiffer Sweeper and holding an adoptable puppy from Bideawee Animal Shelter, Wednesday, April 26, 2017, in New York. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Swiffer/AP Images) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Pet Vet Dr. Evan Antin demonstrates one of the key adulting moments of new pet ownership - cleaning - while using a Swiffer Sweeper and holding an adoptable puppy from Bideawee Animal Shelter, Wednesday, April 26, 2017, in New York. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Swiffer/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Instagram's favorite pet vet, Dr. Evan Antin, spends the day with Swiffer helping new pet owners nail the adulting moments of pet parenthood with pet-friendly solutions for creating a clean and safe home, Wednesday, April 26, 2017, in New York. His puppy companion is an adoptable pup from Bideawee Animal Shelter. (Photo by Diane Bondareff/Invision for Swiffer/AP Images) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail April 27, 2017 08:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time CINCINNATI--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Bringing a pet home is a major adulting moment. In fact, many couples use it as a test of their relationship, but adding a four-legged friend to your family also comes with a lot of responsibility. Swiffer has teamed up with Dr. Evan Antin to kick off National Pet Month in May, and to offer tips on how to make pet parenting easier. There’s more to having a furry companion than just picking a cute name. With cuteness comes mess and shed. Tackle the shed and mess of having a pet like an adult with Swiffer – the original cleaning “hack” for pet owners! Swiffer’s variety of products help busy, time-starved pet owners clean quickly and effectively. No matter how much time there is to clean, Swiffer’s WetJet, Sweeper and Dusters help tidy up life’s dirtiest moments, and muddiest paws, fast. “When you have pets, you learn that one of your biggest duties is to keep their areas safe, and a big part of doing that is cleaning up their things and the areas they live in,” shares Dr. Evan Antin. “As a wildlife vet, I often spend long hours in the office which leaves little time to spend with my dog Henry and the cats, let alone clean up after them. Having a Swiffer at the ready helps me quickly clean my home so I can spend more time bonding and playing with my pets and less time cleaning the shed in my life!” Last year, Dr. Evan Antin’s Instagram took the social world by storm when his well-documented dedication to his exotic, small and wildlife patients went viral. Since then, Dr. Antin has been on a mission to bring to the forefront the world of wildlife veterinary science and to educate current and future pet owners on the responsibility, and mess, that comes with having a pet. Recently the Swiffer brand celebrated its 18th birthday and launched the, “If You’ve Got A Life, You Gotta Swiffer,” campaign to show time-starved families that with Swiffer you don’t have to spend your whole life cleaning to have a clean home. Now the brand, with the help of Dr. Evan Antin, is sweeping away cleaning worries for pet parents. If you’ve got a pet, you gotta Swiffer! For more information on the Swiffer family of products, please visit swiffer.com, facebook.com/swiffer or youtube.com/swifferusa. About Swiffer® In 1999, Swiffer made its debut and soon established itself as both a pioneer in the cleaning systems category and a pop culture icon. Swiffer products have starred on “Saturday Night Live,” have been featured in Hollywood blockbusters and have graced the cover of Rolling Stone. With the support of Swiffer fans around the world, Swiffer has built a family of distinctive products built smarter than traditional cleaning tools. Today, Swiffer® Sweeper, Swiffer® Sweeper Heavy Duty, Swiffer® SweeperVac®, Swiffer® WetJet®, Swiffer® Dusters®, Swiffer® 360° Dusters, Swiffer®Dusters Extender, Swiffer® Dust and Shine and Swiffer® Steamboost® are used in more than 50 million households worldwide and continue to revolutionize the way people clean. About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. Contacts Citizen Relations Alyssa Bermudes (US), 213-996-3806 alyssa.bermudes@citizenrelations.com Contacts Citizen Relations Alyssa Bermudes (US), 213-996-3806 alyssa.bermudes@citizenrelations.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Swiffer Teams Up With Dr. Evan Antin With #Adulting Tips for Tackling Pet Parenting CINCINNATI–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Bringing a pet home is a major adulting moment. In fact, many couples use it as a test of their relationship, but adding a four-legged friend to your family also comes with a lot of responsibility. Swiffer has teamed up with Dr. Evan Antin to kick off National Pet Month in May, and to offer tips on how to make pet parenting easier. There’s more to having a furry companion than just picking a cute name. With cuteness comes mess and shed. Tackle the shed and mess of having a pet like an adult with Swiffer – the original cleaning “hack” for pet owners! Swiffer’s variety of products help busy, time-starved pet owners clean quickly and effectively. No matter how much time there is to clean, Swiffer’s WetJet, Sweeper and Dusters help tidy up life’s dirtiest moments, and muddiest paws, fast. “When you have pets, you learn that one of your biggest duties is to keep their areas safe, and a big part of doing that is cleaning up their things and the areas they live in,” shares Dr. Evan Antin. “As a wildlife vet, I often spend long hours in the office which leaves little time to spend with my dog Henry and the cats, let alone clean up after them. Having a Swiffer at the ready helps me quickly clean my home so I can spend more time bonding and playing with my pets and less time cleaning the shed in my life!” Last year, Dr. Evan Antin’s Instagram took the social world by storm when his well-documented dedication to his exotic, small and wildlife patients went viral. Since then, Dr. Antin has been on a mission to bring to the forefront the world of wildlife veterinary science and to educate current and future pet owners on the responsibility, and mess, that comes with having a pet. Recently the Swiffer brand celebrated its 18th birthday and launched the, “If You’ve Got A Life, You Gotta Swiffer,” campaign to show time-starved families that with Swiffer you don’t have to spend your whole life cleaning to have a clean home. Now the brand, with the help of Dr. Evan Antin, is sweeping away cleaning worries for pet parents. If you’ve got a pet, you gotta Swiffer! For more information on the Swiffer family of products, please visit swiffer.com, facebook.com/swiffer or youtube.com/swifferusa. About Swiffer® In 1999, Swiffer made its debut and soon established itself as both a pioneer in the cleaning systems category and a pop culture icon. Swiffer products have starred on “Saturday Night Live,” have been featured in Hollywood blockbusters and have graced the cover of Rolling Stone. With the support of Swiffer fans around the world, Swiffer has built a family of distinctive products built smarter than traditional cleaning tools. Today, Swiffer® Sweeper, Swiffer® Sweeper Heavy Duty, Swiffer® SweeperVac®, Swiffer® WetJet®, Swiffer® Dusters®, Swiffer® 360° Dusters, Swiffer®Dusters Extender, Swiffer® Dust and Shine and Swiffer® Steamboost® are used in more than 50 million households worldwide and continue to revolutionize the way people clean. About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Acutus Medical® Announces Completion of Enrollment for UNCOVER AF™ Study of AcQMap® in Persistent Atrial Fibrillation Next PostNext Teva Announces Publication of ARM-TD Study Results in Neurology® for the Investigational Use of Deutetrabenazine in Tardive Dyskinesia Search Recent Posts Cubic Boron Nitride Market – Evolving Industry Trends 2024 Education Apps Market : Size, Share, Analysis, Industry Trend, Growth and Demand Audited annual information of Invalda INVL for 2016 Tamper Evident Packaging Market size in terms of volume and value 2016-2026 AB „Invalda INVL“ 2016 m. audituota metinė informacija Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 April 2017 by Persistence Market Research Global Fatty Amines Market to Record an Impressive Growth Rate of US$ 1,855.3 Million by 2016 Applications in several end-use industries will continue to fuel the market for fatty amines globally. By 2016 end, the global fatty amines market is estimated at US$ 1,855.3 Mn. Developing countries in Asia-Pacific will remain the key markets for fatty amines, whereas applications in water treatment and agro-chemical industries will continue to generate significant demand for fatty amines. Request to view Table of Content @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/fatty-amines-market/toc Corrosion inhibition, fabric softening, lubricant additive, organoclaying, and sanitization are some of the most popular applications, which are expected to sustain the demand for fatty acids in a market. A few other prominent applications, including mining, water treatment, personal care, anti-caking, oilfield chemicals, paints and coatings, and agro-chemicals, are also likely to register significant consumption. Rising global population resulting in increasing demand for food products is eventually driving the market for asphalt-additives and agro-chemicals. Similarly, growing need for water treatment will be a major factor propelling the market for water treatment chemicals, and in turn escalating the sales of fatty amines. The advent of technology and new application development will be a vital factor favoring the market growth. Mining, paints and coatings, fabric conditioning, and detergents, are foreseen to be the major verticals recording notable consumption of fatty acids. Industries associated with the paints and coatings vertical, such as automotive and construction, are foreseen to be among the prominent consumers of fatty amines. The volatility of the prices of raw materials and uncertainty of the fatty amines availability may, however, continue to create unfavorable conditions for the global fatty amines market growth. Sample of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/12913 By product type, the global fatty amines market will witness continued dominance by the tertiary fatty amines segment. With the largest market value share of over 47% by 2016 end, this segment may experience a slight decline in its market share post-2016. Primary fatty amines segment, with over 29% revenue share in 2016, is likely to witness a Y-o-Y of 4.9% in 2017 over 2016. To Buy Full Report for a Single User @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/checkout/12913 Based on application, water treatment segment is anticipated to lead the global fatty amines market. Agro-chemicals will also be another key segment, followed by asphalt-additives. Oilfield chemicals segment will also remain a notable application segment. Other application segments include anti-caking and others i.e. mining, personal care, and fabric softener. By region, APAC is likely to remain dominant with nearly 30% market value share in 2016. In 2017, this region will witness moderate Y-o-Y growth of 4.2% over 2016.  The next key market is North America that is expected to exhibit a higher Y-o-Y of 6.3% in 2017 over 2016. DuPont, Kao Corporation, AkzoNobel N.V., Clariant AG, Evonik Industries AG, Procter & Gamble Chemicals Company, Sigma-Aldrich Corporation, CECA Arkema Group, Lonza, and Volant-Chem Group are some of the leading companies participating in the global fatty amines market. Long-term Outlook: The global fatty amines market is projected to attain a value of around US$ 2,193.2 Mn by the end of 2020, expanding at a CAGR of 4.1% over 2016-2020. CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsFatty Amine Market, Fatty Amines, Fatty Amines Market, Global Fatty Amines Market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Green Tea Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2021 Next PostNext CUI Global, Inc. to Announce First Quarter 2017 Financial Results on May 10 Search Recent Posts Telson Resources Inc. Completes Acquisition Agreement with Nyrstar Mining Ltd to Acquire 100% of the Campo Morado Mine, Guerrero State, Mexico Global Articulated Bus Market Growth with 20.12% CAGR by 2021 – Report Includes (Analysis, Manufacturers, Growth, Drivers, Opportunities, Challenges) International Petcoke Gasification Market 2017-2021 Grow at 16.55% CAGR Share, Trend, Challenges, Segmentation, Vendor Landscape and Forecast Medical Toilet Lifting Sling Market Analysis by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application to 2021 Dongbu Daewoo Electronics Selects Software from Siemens to Transform Product Design Proudly powered by WordPress
April 27, 2017 | 75° | Check Traffic Subscribe Customer Service Print Replica LOG IN Search for: Home Top News Local Sports Crave Features Business Editorial Obits Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Search for: LOG IN SUBSCRIBE 2016 Election Results Archives Columnists TGIF Video Photo Galleries Hawaii Prep World Hawaii Warrior World Blogs Travel Religion Hokulea Merrie Monarch Movie Listings TV Week Corrections Dining Out Hawaii Renovation Special Sections Honolulu Street Pulse Home 2016 Election Results Archives Top News Local Sports Crave Business TGIF Features Editorial Religion Columnists Travel Print Replica Blogs Video Photo Galleries Hokulea Merrie Monarch Customer Service Cars Homes Classifieds Movie Listings Jobs TV Week Top News Macron holds his own after walking into Le Pen’s media ambush By Bloomberg News Posted April 26, 2017 April 26, 2017 Updated April 27, 2017 7:58am ASSOCIATED PRESS French centrist presidential election candidate Emmanuel Macron, center, makes his way at the Whirlpool home appliance factory today in Amiens, northern France. Emmanuel Macron avoided a pitfall on his path to the French presidency, largely quieting an angry crowd of factory workers who’d been fired up a couple of hours earlier by his rival Marine Le Pen. The scene in front of the gates of the Whirlpool appliance plant at Amiens in northern France, Macron’s hometown, had the makings of a media ambush, and it ignited what’s likely to be a combative closing stretch of the campaign. The centrist frontrunner was there to meet union officials at the factory, which is slated to close — a difficult but apparently routine event. Instead, it became a media circus when Le Pen unexpectedly showed up. The populist leader, who accuses France’s mainstream politicians of selling out to globalization, posed for photos with workers on the picket line. She blasted Macron for showing “contempt” for their plight by holding his talks behind closed doors. Footage rapidly spread across social media. Less than two hours later, Macron, the 39-year old defender of free trade and the European Union, rejigged his plans and arrived at the factory himself, to be greeted by burning tires and some shouts of “Marine President.” But Macron didn’t budge. For an hour and twenty minutes, he absorbed much of the anger and taunts, vowed to tell the truth about what was possible, and slammed Le Pen for demagoguery. “When she tells you the solution is to turn back globalization, she’s lying,” he said. ‘HE TRIED’ Some in the crowd continued to jeer at Macron for a while, but by the time he left there was no booing. He shook hands with all the workers. At least one of them had been convinced. “When he arrived I was not happy to see him — he came because she came,” said Celia Blagny, a 20-year-old factory employee. “But he spoke to us. I’m not sure he can truly help us. But he tried.” Blagny said she’s no fan of Le Pen, but her views of Macron changed after the encounter: “He was quiet and honest.” She said she may now try to persuade her mother “to go for Macron instead of staying home.” The showdown in the medium-sized industrial town, a scene of battles in both world wars, encapsulates the fight over free trade and European cooperation that’s central to the election. Macron says he’s defending the bulwarks of France’s prosperity over half a century, while Le Pen argues that they’re no longer working for most French people. For Macron, the stakes were high. The political novice and former banker is tipped by polls to win the May 7 runoff handily, by as much as 20 percentage points. But he stumbled at the start of the two-week, head-to-head contest that followed last weekend’s first round of voting. ‘LIKE AN ELITIST’ Macron held a celebratory dinner in Paris for campaign staff, which played perfectly into Le Pen’s effort to paint him as an out-of-touch member of the country’s privileged ruling caste. Today’s scene at the factory had the potential to reinforce that branding. “Le Pen knows the only shot she has at winning is making Macron look like an elitist,” said Antonio Barroso, an analyst at Teneo Research in London. “The irony is she may have handed him the perfect counter-punch and he looks set to dominate the news cycle.” Amiens is part of the Hauts de France region, which has an unemployment rate of about 12 percent, the highest in the country. Le Pen scored almost a third of the vote there in the first round, while Macron tied for second place with far-left candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon. Macron stuck to his free-trade positions during his tour of the region, repeatedly citing a nearby Procter & Gamble factory that exports 90 percent of its output. “If Madame Le Pen is elected, this company closes. And I can mention dozens like it,” he said. Le Pen’s charge that Macron is too cozy with the bosses did resonate with some of the Amiens crowd. “Macron is the worst of free-market politics,” said Clement Pons, a 32-year-old unemployed man. “He’s a globalist who will kill the working class. He makes me want to throw up.” There may be more confrontational scenes in the coming days, as Le Pen seeks to overturn her poll deficit. “War Declared” was Liberation newspaper’s Thursday headline. Get the latest news by email Sign Up Share this: PREV NEXT Most Read Sources: Father dumped Peter Boy’s body in ocean Sears appliance showroom planned for Ala Moana 10-year tax idea for rail falters Passenger who was dragged off jetliner settles with United UH hopefuls waiting for NFL call Comments () By participating in online discussions you acknowledge that you have agreed to the TERMS OF SERVICE. An insightful discussion of ideas and viewpoints is encouraged, but comments must be civil and in good taste, with no personal attacks. If your comments are inappropriate, you may be banned from posting. Flag comments if you believe they do not follow our guidelines. Click here for more information on our commenting system. Copyright ©2017 staradvertiser.com. All rights reserved. 500 Ala Moana Blvd. #7-210, Honolulu, HI 96813 Telephone: (808) 529-4747 About Us Media Kit Advertise Privacy Policy Contact Information Terms of Service
