Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 February 2017 by Military News 3 Ways Procter &amp; Gamble Co. Is Beating the Competition Procter & Gamble (NYSE: PG) is on stronger footing these days. Its fourth-quarter expansion pace recently edged past Kimberly-Clark ‘s(NYSE: KMB) for the first time in over two years. Sales volumes were nearly as high as Unilever ‘s(NYSE: UL) , too. Yet P&G is still on track to lose a slice of market share this year even as it closes that critical gap with rivals. Still, there are some important areas that P&G comes out well ahead of its peers. Image source: Getty Images. Profitability The company is one of the most profitable in its peer group, for one. Gross profit margin improved by nearly a full percentage point last quarter as its efficiency gains far outweighed the impact of higher commodity costs. Currency exchange rates significantly understate that profitability gain. Strip out the currency shifts and the company’s gross margin actually rose by 1.2 percentage points, thanks to over 2 percentage points of gains from its $10 billion cost-cutting program . PG Operating Margin (TTM) data by YCharts . Operating margin improved to 22% last quarter, putting it well ahead of Unilever’s 15% and Kimberly-Clark’s 18%. In fact, only Colgate (NYSE: CL) has P&G beat in this core metric. Marketing Few companies in the world can claim anything approaching Procter & Gamble’s marketing strength. It invests nearly $5 billion in advertising each year, making it the single biggest spender on the market. Image source: P&G investor presentation. Its marketing program is about much more than just ads. P&G also has the biggest sampling program around . Through partnerships with hospitals around the country, it delivers test packs of Pampers diapers to a whopping 70% of new moms each year. That program has helped expand the franchise’s market share lead over Kimberly-Clark’s Huggies recently. The same goes for Gillette’s premium razors, which P&G sends to millions of young men in hopes of creating lifelong customers. Unilever can try to challenge that brand’s dominant hold on the market, and it has found some success with approaches like the Dollar Shave Club subscription offering. It’s hard to make big gains against a franchise that’s backed up by such a relentless stream of marketing support, though. Cash returns P&G’s dividend yield is just below most of its rivals, and its recent growth pace trails peers, too. The company’s 1% raise last year was its smallest in over a decade, and was trounced by the 5% increase Kimberly-Clark just announced. Zoom out and consider its broader capital return program, though, and you’ll find that P&G can’t be matched in this area. Kimberly-Clark sent $2 billion to shareholders over the last 12 months while Procter & Gamble, with help from its aggressive brand divestment program, is on track to deliver $22 billion to its owners . That equates to almost 10% of its market capitalization, or double Kimberly-Clark’s commitment. PG Stock Buybacks (TTM) data by YCharts . P&G isn’t planning another multibillion dollar brand sale on par with 2015’s Duracell exchange or last year’s beauty product divestment. Yet the company still plans to send about $18 billion back to shareholders, mainly through stock repurchases, over each of the next two fiscal years. Management’s hope is that by that time P&G will be growing at a fast-enough pace, and with strong-enough profitability, to push overall shareholder returns back to market-thumping levels. The company isn’t enjoying balanced sales and earnings gains yet, but it is at least moving in that direction. Its core earnings are set to grow for the first time in three years in 2017 as sales gains finally accelerate after a brutal stretch of declining or flat organic revenue. 10 stocks we like better than Procter and Gamble When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor , has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Procter and Gamble wasn’t one of them! That’s right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of February 6, 2017 Demitrios Kalogeropoulos has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Kimberly-Clark and Unilever. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsCompanies, company, lose, Markets, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Why Constellium NV’s Shares Popped 15% Today Next PostNext Nike Inc.’s Manufacturing Innovation — What to Watch in 2017 Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Notable Wednesday Option Activity: ASPS, GME, RCII Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: VSI, NFLX, EIGI Notable Wednesday Option Activity: DXCM, PBPB, STMP Notable Wednesday Option Activity: BG, SSTK, GLPI Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: BCC, LE, HIVE Proudly powered by WordPress
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Super Bowl Ads Show Up With YouTube Videos Promoting Terror Groups, Sparking Backlash By Jack Neff - 4 minutes ago Array 0 Ford to Invest $1 Billion in Artificial Intelligence Startup By Michael Martinez - Yesterday Array 0 How Omnicom Is Shaking Up its Nissan Account By E.J. Schultz - Yesterday Array 0 In a Video Appeal to Trump, Ireland Mocks Itself (and Trump) By Simon Dumenco - Yesterday Array 0 Ad Dollars Help Fuel Proliferation of Beacons and Proximity Sensors By Kate Kaye - 2 days ago Array 0 Which Super Bowl Ads Most Expanded Brands' Social Followings? 2 days ago 0 How Omnicom Is Shaking Up its Nissan Account By E.J. Schultz - Yesterday 0 Super Bowl Ads Show Up With YouTube Videos Promoting Terror Groups, Sparking Backlash By Jack Neff - 4 minutes ago 0 Now Under Armour Has a Trump Problem, Too 2 days ago 0 Facebook Gives Advertisers Guarantees for Ads With Sound and More By Garett Sloane - 2 days ago 0 Chick-fil-A's First Work From McCann NY Shows Cows Know VR By Jessica Wohl - 2 days ago 0 Facebook Gives Advertisers Guarantees for Ads With Sound and More By Garett Sloane - 2 days ago 0 Now Under Armour Has a Trump Problem, Too - 2 days ago 0 Which Super Bowl Advertisers Expanded Their Social Followings Most? - 2 days ago 0 Under Armour Reviews Media Business By Lindsay Stein - 2 days ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Super Bowl Ads Show Up With YouTube Videos Promoting Terror Groups, Sparking Backlash By Jack Neff. Published on February 12, 2017. Hyundai ad runs as pre-roll to video supporting Hezbollah in screen capture provided by Gipec. Credit: Gipec Most Popular Like many Super Bowl ads, Hyundai's salute to U.S. troops, which appeared just after the game, got considerable exposure later in the week on YouTube, including where the brand never intended – as pre-roll to a video supporting Hezbollah. The Iranian-backed group, designated a terrorist organization by the U.S., is among other things believed responsible for the 1983 truck bombing of a Marine barracks in Beirut that killed 241 U.S. service personnel on a peacekeeping mission. Hyundai was among several major advertisers last week that had their ads appear alongside videos that appeared to support terrorism, the latest cases of a recurring problem that prompted a call from the World Federation of Advertisers for Google and others to be more vigilant, and a sign that efforts by marketers to stay clear of unsavory digital content aren't always working. Hyundai finds the YouTube placement "highly concerning," said Jim Trainor, director-communications for Hyundai Motor America, in an e-mail statement on Friday. "We've been working with Google to find out how it happened this time and to ensure that it doesn't happen again. We have strict guidelines when working with Google. Our 'blacklist' [never-to-appear-on list] overrides all other criteria to ensure that violent or extremist sites never serve our content." Several other Super Bowl ads also appeared post-game either in pre-roll or right-rail placements alongside the Hezbollah video or a separate "Indian Nasheed" whose English subtitles encouraged violence against the Pakistani army for its actions against Islamic militants. Those included ads from AB-InBev's Budweiser and Bud Light, T-Mobile and, at least according to screenshots provided by third-party monitoring firm Gipec, Airbnb and Procter & Gamble Co. The "Indian Nasheed" video was removed from YouTube after an Ad Age inquiry to Google, though the video bearing the Hezbollah logo remains. "We have clear policies prohibiting terrorist recruitment and content intending to incite violence, and quickly remove videos violating these policies when flagged by our users," a Google spokesman said in an e-mail statement. "We also have stringent advertising guidelines, and work hard to prevent ads appearing against any video once we determine that the content is not appropriate for our advertising partners. When we become aware of ads that are being served against ineligible content we immediately take action to remove them." A spokeswoman for T-Mobile said the placements of its ads on the videos in question weren't authorized by the company. A P&G spokeswoman said the company hadn't been able to verify yet whether its ads actually ran opposite the "Indian Nasheed" in a placement depicted in a screen capture by Gipec, a Michigan firm that monitors the internet for criminal activity and objectionable content. In other cases, Ad Age saw pre-roll ads from brands in question on the videos. "We have not yet verified with Google if the ad ran as depicted, and that is an important first step because third-party information is not always accurate," a P&G spokeswoman said in an e-mail. "We are in contact with Google to investigate, and it appears that the video has been removed." Spokespeople for Airbnb and AB InBev, marketer of Budweiser and Bud Light, didn't respond to email requests for comment on Friday. T-Mobile ad runs in pre-roll before video supporting Hezbollah. Credit: YouTube The issue comes amid increased scrutiny about the integrity of the digital ad buying supply chain following P&G Chief Brand Officer Marc Pritchard's "call to action" speech to an Interactive Advertising Bureau gathering last month. On Thursday, in response to a separate story by the Times of London about similar YouTube placements as well as programmatic ad buys on what appear to be sites promoting jihad or Nazism, the World Federation of Advertisers cited such placements as part of larger problems in the digital supply chain. The WFA specifically called out programmatic ad placement, which its research shows now makes up 16% of large multinational global advertisers' budgets, up from 10% two years ago. "Both we and our members are increasingly concerned about the lack of transparency in this ecosystem," said WFA CEO Stephan Loerke in a statement. "This takes many forms; including brand misplacement (as highlighted in recent media reports) but also the endemic levels of ad fraud." While brand owners may be taking steps to protect themselves, Mr. Loerke said, "it is ultimately incumbent on the platforms … to do more to restrict this sort of inappropriate content from appearing in the first place." The Association of National Advertisers is also concerned. Preventing ad placements on objectionable content are part of the mission of the ANA-backed Trustworthy Accountability Group. Google was one of the initial recipients of TAG's "Certified Against Fraud" seal in December. "Certain types of content, such as terrorist activity and IP infringement and pornography, they're all prohibited from having ads served against them" by TAG standards, said ANA CEO Bob Liodice in an interview. Reports of ads placed alongside content supporting terrorist organizations are among examples, he said, of why "marketers have to take their industry back." But he said, "We need to recognize that we're still not winning enough," adding that "we need to keep advocating, pushing and investing behind protocols that will allow us to do that." Gipec CEO Eric Feinberg said in an email that ad placements on YouTube, such as the Super Bowl ads, may help fund terrorist groups such as ISIS, a contention also made in the Times of London piece and a separate story Thursday from Fox News. Ad Age did see pre-roll ads from two other major national advertisers running opposite a "nasheed" music video with an ISIS flag on Thursday, in addition to the other videos, though the exact content wasn't apparent. But in this, and the other cases, it's unclear who posted the videos or where the money shared by Google through its partner program actually goes. Airbnb Super Bowl ad runs with video supporting Hezbollah in screen capture provided by Gipec. Credit: Gipec Efforts to flag of objectionable content aren't always foolproof or easy either. In other cases, nasheed videos Mr. Feinberg cited, which feature vocal music on Muslim religious themes either a capella or with percussion instruments, did not have obvious exhortations to violence or association with designated terrorist organizations. In this article: Ad Tech Alcoholic Beverages Beverages CMO Strategy CPG Digital Digital Video Media Politics Programmatic Regulation Sales - New Business Ventures & Events Special Report: Super Bowl Technology Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Benchmark Co. Raises Expedia, Inc. (EXPE) Price Target to $160.00 Brokers Set Expectations for Exelon Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (EXC) Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for DDR Corp. Issued By Capital One Financial Corporation (DDR) Brokerages Set $20.00 Target Price for Entercom Communications Corporation (ETM) Knoll, Inc. (KNL) Given $27.00 Average Target Price by Brokerages Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated (RBA) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) Price Target Raised to $42.00 CardConnect Corp. (CCN) Research Coverage Started at Craig Hallum Citigroup Inc. Initiates Coverage on Keane Group Inc (FRAC) Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN) Stock Rating Upgraded by Guggenheim Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) FBR & Co Upgrades PulteGroup, Inc. (PHM) to Outperform American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results ConforMIS, Inc. (CFMS) Rating Lowered to Hold at Canaccord Genuity Richelieu Hardware Ltd. (RCH) Director Purchases C$205,200.00 in Stock Aurinia Pharmaceuticals Inc (AUPH) Rating Reiterated by FBR & Co MoSys, Inc. (MOSY) Short Interest Up 33.1% in January MoSys, Inc. (MOSY) Short Interest Up 33.1% in January Boston Private Wealth LLC Sells 12,365 Shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG) February 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Boston Private Wealth LLC lowered its position in Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) by 3.0% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 397,301 shares of the company’s stock after selling 12,365 shares during the period. Procter & Gamble Company (The) makes up 1.4% of Boston Private Wealth LLC’s holdings, making the stock its 8th largest position. Boston Private Wealth LLC’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Company (The) were worth $35,658,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other large investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in PG. American National Bank increased its position in Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 225.8% in the third quarter. American National Bank now owns 1,137 shares of the company’s stock valued at $102,000 after buying an additional 788 shares in the last quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC increased its position in Procter & Gamble Company (The) by 259.5% in the second quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC now owns 1,517 shares of the company’s stock valued at $128,000 after buying an additional 1,095 shares in the last quarter. Rothschild Capital Partners LLC purchased a new position in Procter & Gamble Company (The) during the second quarter valued at about $201,000. Millie Capital Management LLC purchased a new position in Procter & Gamble Company (The) during the second quarter valued at about $202,000. Finally, Diker Management LLC purchased a new position in Procter & Gamble Company (The) during the second quarter valued at about $205,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 68.43% of the company’s stock. Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE:PG) opened at 87.97 on Friday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $85.91 and a 200 day moving average price of $86.13. The company has a market cap of $224.89 billion, a PE ratio of 16.12 and a beta of 0.64. Procter & Gamble Company has a one year low of $79.10 and a one year high of $90.33. Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) last released its earnings results on Friday, January 20th. The company reported $1.08 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.06 by $0.02. The business had revenue of $16.90 billion for the quarter. Procter & Gamble Company (The) had a net margin of 23.44% and a return on equity of 18.58%. Procter & Gamble Company (The)’s quarterly revenue was down .3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $1.04 EPS. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Procter & Gamble Company will post $3.85 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Investors of record on Friday, January 20th will be issued a $0.6695 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, January 18th. This represents a $2.68 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.04%. Procter & Gamble Company (The)’s payout ratio is 48.73%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/12/boston-private-wealth-llc-sells-12365-shares-of-procter-gamble-company-the-pg.html. Several research firms have issued reports on PG. B. Riley reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $106.00 price objective on shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) in a report on Saturday, January 28th. Citigroup Inc. upped their price objective on Procter & Gamble Company (The) from $100.00 to $102.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. Jefferies Group LLC set a $99.00 price objective on Procter & Gamble Company (The) and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, January 23rd. Wells Fargo & Company reaffirmed a “market perform” rating on shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) in a report on Saturday, January 21st. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised Procter & Gamble Company (The) from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have issued a hold rating and ten have issued a buy rating to the company. Procter & Gamble Company (The) currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $90.02. In other news, insider Ioannis Skoufalos sold 10,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, February 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $88.65, for a total transaction of $886,500.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 34,922 shares in the company, valued at $3,095,835.30. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, SVP Valarie L. Sheppard sold 20,910 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, January 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $87.00, for a total transaction of $1,819,170.00. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now owns 37,835 shares in the company, valued at approximately $3,291,645. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders sold 205,505 shares of company stock worth $17,996,316. 0.35% of the stock is owned by company insiders. About Procter & Gamble Company (The) The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Report: Trump kept Vice President in Dark About Russians and Flynn President Donald Trump Hosting Canada’s Prime Minister Justin Trudeau White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 February 2017 by Military News Noteworthy Monday Option Activity: PG, ULTA, M Shutterstock photo Looking at options trading activity among components of the S&P 500 index, there is noteworthy activity today in Procter & Gamble Co. (Symbol: PG), where a total volume of 41,515 contracts has been traded thus far today, a contract volume which is representative of approximately 4.2 million underlying shares (given that every 1 contract represents 100 underlying shares). That number works out to 43% of PG’s average daily trading volume over the past month, of 9.6 million shares. Particularly high volume was seen for the $85 strike put option expiring March 17, 2017 , with 9,200 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 920,000 underlying shares of PG. Below is a chart showing PG’s trailing twelve month trading history, with the $85 strike highlighted in orange: Ulta Beauty Inc (Symbol: ULTA) saw options trading volume of 2,294 contracts, representing approximately 229,400 underlying shares or approximately 41.7% of ULTA’s average daily trading volume over the past month, of 550,050 shares. Particularly high volume was seen for the $220 strike put option expiring February 17, 2017 , with 255 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 25,500 underlying shares of ULTA. Below is a chart showing ULTA’s trailing twelve month trading history, with the $220 strike highlighted in orange: And Macy’s Inc (Symbol: M) options are showing a volume of 41,905 contracts thus far today. That number of contracts represents approximately 4.2 million underlying shares, working out to a sizeable 41.1% of M’s average daily trading volume over the past month, of 10.2 million shares. Especially high volume was seen for the $35 strike call option expiring May 19, 2017 , with 5,775 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 577,500 underlying shares of M. Below is a chart showing M’s trailing twelve month trading history, with the $35 strike highlighted in orange: For the various different available expirations for PG options , ULTA options , or M options , visit StockOptionsChannel.com. Today’s Most Active Call & Put Options of the S&P 500 » The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious See Which Of The Latest 13F Filers Holds Occidental Petroleum Next PostNext Advanced Endodontics of Westchester Now Welcomes New Patients for Skilled, Microscope-Assisted Root Canals in White Plains, NY Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Notable Wednesday Option Activity: ASPS, GME, RCII Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: VSI, NFLX, EIGI Notable Wednesday Option Activity: DXCM, PBPB, STMP Notable Wednesday Option Activity: BG, SSTK, GLPI Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: BCC, LE, HIVE Proudly powered by WordPress
Sponsored StoryPlus Sponsored Features Cars CarsIreland.ie Used Car Search Car Dealers CarsIreland.ie Blog Jobs Jobs Dating TheMeetingPoint.ie Mature Gay Deaths iNotices.ie Deaths Fitlive.ie Fitlive.ie Events Training Hotels Archive Deals Subscribe Digital Edition Home Delivery Newsletters Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts Crime World News Europe Britain North America President Trump Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos Opinion Letters Columnists Editorial Comment Business Brexit Irish Media & Marketing Budget 2017 Rich List 2016 World Technology Tech & Gaming Infosec 2016 Reviews Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions Switching Saturday How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories FarmIreland Jobs Commercial Property In The Workplace Sport Six Nations Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Six Nations The Left Wing Champions Cup Guinness Pro12 Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Horse Racing Other Sports Greyhounds MMA LeftField Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups The Left Wing Life Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Home & Garden New Homes Homes Interiors Gardens Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Reader Travel Awards Ireland Europe World/USA Family Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Northern Ireland Video Podcasts Search Go Follow Facebook Twitter Contact Email User Business Media & Marketing Thursday 16 February 2017 John McGee: Time to drag the dark side of digital ads into the light The largest advertiser in the world has just called time on the opaque and complex practices that have dogged the digital advertising industry John McGee Published 12/02/2017 | 02:30 0 Comments Share John McGee: Time to drag the dark side of digital ads into the light Independent.ie When Marc Pritchard speaks, people sit up and take note. Like a modern day Delphic Oracle, his sage-like insights and views are pored over with great enthusiasm and analysed in minute detail by the global marketing and advertising community. Rather than calling it a shovel or a manual earth mover - as some marketers might be inclined to - Pritchard prefers to call it a spade. http://www.independent.ie/business/media/john-mcgee-time-to-drag-the-dark-side-of-digital-ads-into-the-light-35443163.html http://www.independent.ie/incoming/article35184091.ece/61a91/AUTOCROP/h342/stock-supermarket_app.jpg Email 'As global marketing and brand officer for Procter & Gamble (P&G), the 56-year old Californian oversees some of the biggest brands in the world' (stock picture) When Marc Pritchard speaks, people sit up and take note. Like a modern day Delphic Oracle, his sage-like insights and views are pored over with great enthusiasm and analysed in minute detail by the global marketing and advertising community. Rather than calling it a shovel or a manual earth mover - as some marketers might be inclined to - Pritchard prefers to call it a spade. Share John McGee: Time to drag the dark side of digital ads into the light Independent.ie When Marc Pritchard speaks, people sit up and take note. Like a modern day Delphic Oracle, his sage-like insights and views are pored over with great enthusiasm and analysed in minute detail by the global marketing and advertising community. Rather than calling it a shovel or a manual earth mover - as some marketers might be inclined to - Pritchard prefers to call it a spade. http://www.independent.ie/business/media/john-mcgee-time-to-drag-the-dark-side-of-digital-ads-into-the-light-35443163.html http://www.independent.ie/incoming/article35184091.ece/61a91/AUTOCROP/h342/stock-supermarket_app.jpg Email Go To Comments As global marketing and brand officer for Procter & Gamble (P&G), the 56-year old Californian oversees some of the biggest brands in the world. Look around your kitchen or bathroom and there's a good chance you will find at least one of its many brands, including the likes of Gillette, Olay, Pampers, Head & Shoulders, Tampax, Fairy, Braun, OralB, Old Spice, Vicks and, that great divinatory device of choice for aspiring parents, Clearblue. Founded 180 years ago by two immigrants - William Procter and the Enniskillen-born and reared James Gamble - P&G is now one of the largest manufacturers of consumer-facing brands in the world. The most recent full year's results for P&G showed that it clocked up sales of €61bn and profits of €9.81bn. Presiding over a gargantuan advertising budget that was in the region of €2.8bn in 2016 as well as several hundred marketing agencies around the world, including several in Ireland, it's no real surprise that marketers and ad agencies hang on his every word. With a total of 65 brands, which were sold to over five billion customers last year, not only is it the biggest advertiser in the world but P&G is in many ways a global bellwether for all companies trying to sell their goods to increasingly fickle and often hard to target consumers. So when Pritchard stood up to address the US IAB Annual Leadership summit in Florida two weeks ago, the room was all ears. By the end of his relatively short 3,000-word address, however, not only was the room gobsmacked but within hours his views on the problems dogging the industry had reverberated throughout the global marketing and advertising community. After a fairly benign introduction, during which he emphasised the importance of and need for creativity in advertising, Pritchard launched a bombardment against what he called the "dark side" of the digital advertising industry, its lack of transparency and the growing problem of ad fraud, ad blocking and self-certified metrics from publishers such as Facebook and Google. "We have a media supply chain that is murky at best and fraudulent at worst. We need to clean it up, and invest the time and money we save into better advertising to drive growth. It's time we come together, put down our finger-pointers and solve these problems - all of us - marketers, agencies, publishers, ad tech platforms, suppliers," he told his somewhat startled audience. "We serve ads to consumers through a non-transparent media supply chain with spotty compliance to common standards, unreliable measurement, hidden rebates and new inventions like bot and methbot fraud," he added. While he confessed that P&G was one of the first to embrace all the shiny new things that digital advertising promised and that, in the past, it accepted the "multiple viewability metrics, publisher self-reporting with no verification, outdated agency contracts, and fraud threats - with the somewhat delusional thought that digital is different and that we were getting ahead of the digital curve. We've come to our senses... and the jig is now up." While he accepted some responsibility for allowing the issues go unchecked, particularly in relation to undisclosed rebates to media agencies, the company was "poring over every agency contract for full transparency by the end of 2017 to include terms requiring funds to be used for media payment only, all rebates to be disclosed and returned, and all transactions subject to audit." But he also admitted that agencies need to be profitable too and that clients need to be mindful of this. "Having unprofitable agencies is not good business, and can lead to practices we don't want, so we're taking a closer look at matching fees to services to create joint value with our partners." Why does all of this matter? Apart from the fact that P&G is the biggest advertiser in the world and has a right to call it out, Pritchard also pointed out that better advertising, greater transparency, more reliable metrics and a de-cluttered and "clean" supply chain will drive growth for brands. Therein lies the challenge for the stakeholders in the advertising industry. The days of having a highly fragmented, complex and opaque industry, sometimes tainted by capricious practices, are now over. While the writing has been on the wall for some time, the industry now needs to act swiftly to sort out the mess that it created while at same time doubling down on imparting the message that advertising and marketing, can and does deliver substantial returns on investment. Contact John McGee at john@adworld.ie Sunday Indo Business Follow @Indobusiness Read More AdLib: Time to get set for Google Shopping  Michael Cullen While search engine giant Google is prompting fake news queries of its own these days, last year saw some game changers for paid search. Mediaworks' head of search and analytics, Shane Lyons, says right-hand side ads were removed, expanded text ads rolled out and, for many advertisers, it was the year that mobile overtook desktop traffic for... RTE seeks design agency for Saorview as 'Connect' nears  RTE has put the design contract for its Saorview service out to tender. Half of all jobs will be obsolete by 2030, inaugural tech summit told  Sean Duffy Ireland's importance as a technology hub was underlined yesterday as 10,000 people flocked to the inaugural Dublin Tech Summit to learn from leading lights in the industry. Recommended Videos from Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Ireland's live entertainment scene is one of the most vibrant in Europe - and a big...  Media & Marketing AdLib: Time to get set for Google Shopping  Media & Marketing Virgin Media backs new €3m TV3 drama as broadcaster develops indigenous...  Media & Marketing VIDEO: 'Today is only a cod' Comedy duo give hilariously Irish approach to Valentine's Day  Video Hopefuls queue overnight to get a foot in the door  Property & Mortgages 'I think the latest thing, with HSE and Tusla and the guards, has been just vile' - Sgt...  Irish News Man keeps job at museum despite sexually harassing colleague  Irish News Epic new poem offers snapshot of all that's great - and infuriating - about Ireland in 2017  Festivals From Kenny to Zappone, and from McCabe to Fitzgerald: the winners and losers after a scarcely-credible week of controversy European Commission prosecuting Ireland for 'failing to stop raw sewage entering waters' Kremlin says New York Times article quoting four official sources is 'not based on facts' FF leader Martin suggests Taoiseach misled him during phonecall this week Promoted articles Editors Choice Also in Business AdLib: Time to get set for Google Shopping While search engine giant Google is prompting fake news queries of its own... RTE seeks design agency for Saorview as 'Connect' nears RTE has put the design contract for its Saorview service out to tender. Half of all jobs will be obsolete by 2030, inaugural tech summit told Ireland's importance as a technology hub was... Online jobs site Indeed to hire 500 new people in Dublin, and the perks are pretty... Online recruitment firm Indeed is to double its Irish... Steve Dempsey: German giant's distribution partnership may be bad news for publishers A slew of distributed platforms have been... Ireland's live entertainment scene is one of the most vibrant in Europe - and a... Ireland's live entertainment scene is one of the... Virgin Media backs new €3m TV3 drama as broadcaster develops indigenous... TV3 has secured funding from the Virgin Media... John McGee: Time to drag the dark side of digital ads into the light When Marc Pritchard speaks, people sit up... Ahead of schedule: Kiely is aiming for dramatic growth at TV3 with the help of soaps Almost 20 years ago, Pat Kiely was a young... Independent.ie hits a new record high of 12 million users Independent.ie reached a record 12 million unique users for January 2017. VIDEO: Irish tech firms need to do more to bridge gender gap, Wrike director tells... Tech firms in Ireland need to do more to bridge... VIDEO: Thinking about bringing the dog on holiday? Check out Woof Advisor first Woof Advisor is a platform designed to help pet... VIDEO: Ireland’s tallest building under construction at Dublin’s Capital Dock Dublin's skyline is once again busy with cranes. hp_kyran.mp4 How better animal husbandry can make a herd more profitable VIDEO: How Much Is Your House Worth? Ireland's most comprehensive survey of prices shows calm in the capital, heated... VIDEO: Facebook takes fake news ' very seriously' Nicola Mendelsohn, Facebook's Vice President for Europe, the Middle East and... VIDEO: Russia releases silver Trump commemorative coin A Russian company has issued silver coins with Donald Trump's face on them to... VIDEO - May: Maintaining common travel area with Ireland a priority 'The family ties and bonds of affection that... VIDEO: Take a first look at the brand new Nintendo Switch Some lucky gamers get first dibs on the new Nintendo Switch console before it... Press Photographer Association of Ireland (PPAI) awards - winning pictures Press Photographer of the Year 2017 Gerry Mooney - A Portfolio In pictures: Shakira and Forest Whitaker attend annual World Economic Forum (WEF) From magic mirrors to kissing robots - the best from the world's biggest tech show Gallery: Around rural Ireland this week in 11 pictures In Pictures: Ministers on Budget Day Instagram's most popular accounts - in pictures Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 goes up in flames during lab test in terrifying new pictures Ploughing Championship 2016 Every iPhone ranked: from worst to best By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Irish News World News Opinion Weather News Topics Business Irish World Technology Personal Finance Small Business FarmIreland Commercial Property Media & Marketing Sport Soccer GAA Rugby Golf Horse Racing Greyhounds Other Sports LeftField Life Food & Drink Travel Motoring Health & Wellbeing Family Home & Garden Style Celebrity Fashion Beauty Sex & Relationships Weddings LookBook Competitions Entertainment Movies Television Music Games Radio Books Theatre & Arts Festivals Trending Coffee Break Follow Facebook Twitter Contact Email User Search Go Mobile site Sitemap Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Statement Advertise with Us Group Websites © Independent.ie Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts Crime World News Europe Britain North America President Trump Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos Opinion Letters Columnists Editorial Comment Business Brexit Irish Media & Marketing Budget 2017 Rich List 2016 World Technology Tech & Gaming Infosec 2016 Reviews Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions Switching Saturday How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories FarmIreland Jobs Commercial Property In The Workplace Sport Six Nations Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Six Nations The Left Wing Champions Cup Guinness Pro12 Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Horse Racing Other Sports Greyhounds MMA LeftField Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups The Left Wing Life Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Home & Garden New Homes Homes Interiors Gardens Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Reader Travel Awards Ireland Europe World/USA Family Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Northern Ireland Video Podcasts Search Go
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Barron's Cover Nick of Time? Gillette hopes new products will reverse the company's slumping profit growth By Jacqueline Doherty Biography Updated July 13, 1998 12:01 a.m. ET E veryone knows that Hollywood moguls have mastered the art of creating a buzz in the media. Just consider the movie Titanic. Long before the film opened, we all read time and again that director James Cameron had spent a fortune making the epic. On television and in print, we were repeatedly told about how the movie was researched with small submarines on the Atlantic's icy floor and later filmed using ship models in giant water tanks. At the center of the pre-movie hype was Leonardo DiCaprio, who has since become the nation's... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Could Groupon Challenge Amazon Again? Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Rising Rates Be Damned: Real Estate Looks Good Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Is Apple Ditching Fingerprints for Facial Recognition? Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Energy Stocks Are on Sale And on Verge of Breakouts Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. How Market Insiders Buy Stock at Discounts Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 The Most Powerful Tool for Building Wealth 2 Ford, GM, Ramp Up Pressure on Tesla 3 Invest in Hedge Funds at a Discount Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.businessdailyafrica.com/image/view/-/3810102/medRes/1562513/-/13f03ks/-/shopping.jpg Skip to the navigationchannel.links.navigation.skip.label. Skip to the content. Nation Media Group | Digital Editions | Africa Review | The East African | Daily Nation | NTV | NTV Uganda | Daily Monitor | The Citizen | N-Soko Thursday February 16,  2017 Corporate News Money & Markets Opinion and Analysis Special Reports Life Downloads Magazines GO Login Username: Password: Submit Not registered?  Click here Forgot your password? Kenya|Africa|World Stocks Seeds of Discord|Enterprise|The Edge|Kenya's Top 100|Top 40 Under 40|Oracle Ideas Society & Success BDLife|Digital Business|Enterprise|Shipping| Home Magazines Magazines How you can ride on consumer surveys to increase your sales Share Bookmark Print Rating Shoppers at a local supermarket. PHOTO | DIANA NGILA  By QUEEN MUNGUTI Posted  Sunday, February 12   2017 at  14:19 Global consumer products manufacturer Procter and Gamble (P&G) last week released a survey on the Kenyan retail sector highlighting consumer shopping habits, in a ‘white paper’ marketing strategy that has been proven to generate extra sales leads. “The consumers and retail landscape in this country is one of the most advanced in the region with high penetration in many product categories. Kenya was reclassified as a middle-income economy in 2015 and this is clearly being evidenced by the shopping habits and rising consumerism. Although traditional retail stores still dominate the fast moving consumer goods sector, supermarkets and hypermarkets are catching up fast,” said Vivek Sunder, P&G managing director. SHARE THIS STORY Tweet The report also highlighted that laundry, a sector in which P&G has a vested interest based on its product range, which includes Ariel washing powder and Downy fabric softener, is the biggest and most developed category within the household care segment, with 90 per cent of Kenyans using bar soap while 85 per cent now use powder detergents. Such insights serve to educate customers, SMEs and policy makers, alike, on the Kenyan retail sector, but they also reinforce P&G’s position as an expert in the industry, thereby building its rapport with consumers and increasing sales. “White paper marketing works in two ways: it educates the buyer and increases lead generation. The buyer education has two benefits: it builds customer loyalty (they will buy from you instead of your competitors because you are their trusted advisor) and it sets the specification for products in your category,” said Robert W. Bly in his book The White Paper Marketing Handbook. Besides establishing brand expertise and consumer loyalty in the industry, it also presents an opportunity for brands to improve on their product offering following the findings of the research. Distinctive An example of a company that used this strategy successfully is Danish plastic brick manufacturer, LEGO. In 2006 it conducted a study on how boys and girls play with toys. It found out that its market was 90 per cent boys, with only nine per cent of its toys played with by girls. The reason was that while boys preferred to build a model from beginning to end and play with it once it was completed, girls preferred to pause mid-build and play with their toys as they go. With this information, LEGO conducted another study on what would make its products more interesting to girls and in January 2012 launched a girls’ line called Friends. It featured five dolls with distinctive names and a storyline with sets that encouraged girls to build karate studios, beauty parlours and veterinary offices. “The LEGO Friends concept development spanned four years and involved more than 3,500 girls and their mothers around the world to understand what girls who had previously not been attracted to LEGO play, would expect from a construction toy,” said Nanna Ulrich Gudum the LEGO Group vice president, in a statement on its website. “They let us understand what they really wanted in a LEGO offering that mirrors what the boys experience, but in a way that fulfils their unique desire for redesign and details and combined with realistic themes in community and friendship.” In the first six months after the LEGO Friends launch, the group’s net profit rose 35 per cent to £213 million and sales rose 24 per cent, with the new toys selling at twice the rate that was expected. Shifting focus In the case of P&G, its report revealed that the majority of Kenyan consumers are shifting from using solely bar soap while doing laundry to also using powder detergents because they are available in affordable smaller sachets. With this information, it, too, can increase its product offering to meet the demands of a wider market. -African Laughter Latest from Daily Nation: Business Professionals win first round in legal row over course licensing Investors get relief as advance capital gains tax stopped Heritage Insurance accounts frozen in Sh100m pay row Smartphone maker Huawei catching up on Samsung, Apple Arbitration resolves Sh451m commercial cases in ten months NSE top gainers & losers n-soko About us Contact us Digital Editions Syndication Help Privacy Policy Terms RSS
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters In Case You Missed It Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today 5 Rocket Stocks These stocks are set to take off in February. TheStreet Staff Feb 13, 2017 8:44 AM EST These stocks are showing short-term gain catalysts and longer-term growth potential. Here's how to trade them:  Shares are up 16.6% since the start of the calendar year for Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA) . Short-term buyers are making a bet alongside them. Procter & Gamble (PG) is up almost 5.5% on a total return basis. If the trend continues, expect a major tailwind in its share price. Priceline Group (PCLN) is up more than 10% since January with its share price trajectory looking attractive. Rising analyst sentiment in shares of Equifax (EFX) this week make the stock a good bet. Alaska Air Group's  (ALK) completed acquisition of Virgin American gives the combined company cost savings.  This article was written by a staff member of TheStreet. If you liked this article you might like Here's How to Play Alibaba's Stock Possibly Falling Through a Trap Door Soon An evening star reversal pattern and negative money flow suggest the stock price is headed lower. Robert Moreno Feb 15, 2017 7:32 AM EST Stocks Find Upward Momentum Again as Chances of a Rate Hike Rise Wall Street hold small gains on Tuesday after Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen plays the part of both dove and hawk. Keris Alison Lahiff Feb 14, 2017 1:46 PM EST Mattel, Alibaba Partner to Develop Interactive, Educational Toys for the Chinese Market Mattel (MAT) will market and sell its toys through Alibaba's (BABA) Tmall.com platform. Lindsay Rittenhouse Feb 14, 2017 1:15 PM EST Midday Report: Aetna, Humana Call Off Merger; U.S. Stocks Waver Stocks are in flux as Wall Street digests comments from Federal Reserve Chair Yellen Tuesday. Keris Alison Lahiff Feb 14, 2017 12:12 PM EST Trending Avoid Apple and Buy Home Depot Instead What Buffett, Icahn and Other Billionaire Investors Are Buying in the Trump Era Cisco's Numbers Weren't Spectacular, But Good Enough In This Market Stay Long, This Bull Is Strong: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Wednesday 2/15/17) Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Roche Urges New Plan as Swiss Tax Vote Seen Slowing Investment by Albertina Torsoli @atorsoli More stories by Albertina Torsoli February 13, 2017, 5:18 AM EST Voters rejected tax reform that appealed to multinationals Country needs new plan to ensure competitiveness, Roche says Switzerland’s decision to shoot down a planned corporate tax reform is likely to mean years of uncertainty for international companies such as Caterpillar Inc., putting future investments at risk and raising the prospect that some businesses may flee elsewhere, according to executives. With the clear defeat of the government’s plan in Sunday’s referendum, companies including Roche Holding AG and Caterpillar urged Swiss politicians to formulate a new proposal to maintain the country’s appeal as a business-friendly location. “This creates massive uncertainty,” Martin Naville, chief executive officer of the Swiss-American Chamber of Commerce, said in a phone interview. “Nobody will be investing in the coming years because they don’t know what’s going to come after.” The referendum’s outcome is bad news for Switzerland at a time when its economy is struggling with a strong currency and countries such as the U.K. and the U.S.  threaten to cut business taxes to gain an edge. The government will start work on a new plan, Finance Minister Ueli Maurer said, though in the best case it will be the end of this year before a new bill is ready. As it stands now, cantons offer lower tax rates for international companies than domestic businesses, helping to lure multinationals such as Caterpillar and Procter & Gamble Co. to the country. Those special tax breaks are due to be scrapped under international pressure. To head off a surge in tax rates for foreign businesses, the government proposed a plan that would have allowed cantons to cut rates across the board and companies to deduct income resulting from patents and research and development activities. For a QuickTake explainer on Switzerland’s corporate tax reform, click here. Voters rejected it Sunday 59 percent to 41 percent out of concern it would have strained the public purse and increased the burden on individual taxpayers. The country needs a competitive tax situation to make it attractive for investment, according to Basel-based drugmaker Roche Holding AG, the third-largest Swiss company by revenue. “Roche regrets the rejection of the tax reform,” Nicolas Dunant, the company’s head of media relations, said in an e-mail. “Now a new proposal needs to be developed with the goal of providing planning security as well as maintaining an internationally competitive environment for corporations in Switzerland.” The vote doesn’t have an immediate impact on Roche, which employs 14,400 people in Switzerland, he said. ‘Delicate Situation’ Multinationals generated around 12 percent of economic output and 9 percent of employment in Switzerland in 2015, according to consultancy BAK Basel. Overall, they employ some 150,000 people. Some cantons have a larger presence of multinationals than others. In Geneva, they account for  76,000 jobs and 43 percent of gross domestic product. “Multinational companies are in a delicate situation,” Francois Longchamp, the head of the Geneva cantonal government, said in a phone interview. “Some of them have to make decisions on re-investments.” Some companies will consider alternatives, which could range from moving a marketing department or a manufacturing plant outside of Switzerland to leaving the country altogether, said Naville of the chamber of commerce. Multinationals in certain industries, for example commodity trading, could go quickly if they ever decided to move out, Naville said. Commodity traders “can pull the plug on Friday and start working Monday from somewhere else,” he said. It would take much longer for companies with manufacturing sites or R&D operations in Switzerland to make a similar decision, he said. Oil Traders Geneva over the years lured some of the biggest independent oil traders, including Vitol Group, Trafigura Group, Gunvor Group Ltd. and Mercuria Energy Group Ltd. With no tax reform, multinational companies risk being subject to double taxation in the long term. Caterpillar, the U.S. maker of construction equipment, supports adapting Swiss tax law to new international standards, the company said. Its Geneva office is the headquarters for Europe, Africa and the Middle East, employing about 400 people. Caterpillar faced U.S. congressional hearings in 2014 after a Senate report found the company saved $2.4 billion in U.S. taxes by moving profits from its parts business to Switzerland, where it paid tax rates as low as 4 percent. The company said the move was a legal and appropriate way to cut expenses. The Internal Revenue Service later sought tax increases and penalties of about $1 billion. “Though this vote creates additional uncertainty in a challenging business environment, we remain confident that Switzerland and the cantons will find a consensus allowing to pass a new federal tax law that will support innovation and employment,” said Erik De Leye, a Brussels-based spokesman for Caterpillar. Compromise Seen The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up To be sure, the vote outcome doesn’t mean multinational companies will automatically start paying higher taxes. The current regime will stay in place until at least 2019. The Swiss Trading and Shipping Association, which represents commodity traders and shippers, expects a compromise to be adopted by then, since companies need legal and fiscal security, said Stephane Graber, the group’s secretary general. “The vote outcome doesn’t send a good message to the multinationals,” Jacques Jeannerat, executive director of the Geneva Chamber of Commerce, said in a phone interview.“But right now, I would ask them to wait and see.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Americans Just Broke the Psychologists’ Stress Record Aetna CEO: Obamacare in 'Death Spiral' Calls for Russia Probe Mount for White House Reeling From Flynn Fallout The Political Assassination of Michael Flynn Trump's F-35 Calls Came With a Surprise: Rival CEO Was Listening Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Thursday, February 16, 2017 5:31 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 32°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Swiss must draw up corporate Tax Plan B to stay attractive Monday February 13, 2017 04:13 PM GMT+8 ICYMI Female agents are N. Korean regime’s weapon of choice, says defector Man United will give Europa tilt full focus, says Mourinho France to decide outcome of Fillon fake work case today The Edit: ‘Batman Begins’ gets the Honest Trailer treatment Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article (From left) Swiss Finance Minister Ueli Maurer, Swiss Justice Minister Simonetta Sommaruga and Swiss President Doris Leuthard attend a news conference after the vote on the Corporate Tax Reform Act III in Bern, February 12, 2017. — Reuters picZURICH, Feb 13 —The Swiss government must come up with a new plan and figure out how to limit economic fallout after voters rejected its bid to reform corporate taxation to keep the country internationally competitive. Because Switzerland needs to end its current practice of giving thousands of multinationals tax breaks, the government will have to concoct a Plan B to prevent their moving abroad. Their departure would cause a drop in tax revenue and stunt economic growth. The government is at pains to find a solution at a time when countries such as the US are seeking to gain a competitive edge with their own business tax reductions and after a strong currency-induced slowdown in economic growth. Switzerland, which has succeeded in attracting big global corporations like Procter & Gamble Co and Caterpillar Inc, already bowed to international pressure and scrapped banking secrecy after a crackdown on tax evasion by other countries. “Lots of uncertainty about the future has arisen, and there’s concern about reactions by the OECD and the EU, because there’s the risk of a blacklisting of the current regime — this will force international companies to think about alternatives,” said Andreas Staubli, managing partner at PricewaterhouseCoopers AG in Zurich. “What will happen first is that new investment decisions will be made in favour of a place other than Switzerland.” Scrapping the current system without a replacement would mean the rates to which holding and domiciliary companies are subjected get reset at the level of domestic firms, which can be more than 20 per cent. Yet sticking with the current regime could eventually land Switzerland in hot water with the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, which is clamping down on tax loopholes. While there is no black list currently in the works, Switzerland is under “ a little bit of pressure” to dismantle its current regime in two years’ time, Pascal Saint-Amans, director of OECD’s Centre for Tax Policy and Administration, told newspaper Le Temps. Leaving Switzerland “It’s still in the interest of Switzerland to have a competitive tax regime,” said Christian Stiefel, director of SwissHoldings, which represents the multinationals. “It’s to be expected that cantons will do what they can to stay competitive, it just may cost them a bit more than it would have.” The short-term impact of highly mobile companies leaving Switzerland would be a 5.6 per cent drop in potential economic output, equivalent to 34 billion (US$34 billion) francs, according to consultancy BAK Basel. The number of companies moving to the cantons of Bern, Freiburg, Vaud, Neuchatel, Geneva and Valais already posted a slight decline last year, according to the regional business association GGBa. Recent developments such as Brexit, the political situation in the US, Switzerland’s tussling over European Union immigration quotas and the strong franc were already causing a delay in businesses’ investment decisions, it said on Feb. 7. “Swiss companies need the certainty that the way they are taxed is internationally accepted,” said Swiss Textiles, which represents 200 local companies. Tax measures to foster innovation would help the sector, which produces cloth for haute couture designers as well as protective gear for workmen, it said. International pressure The reform was expected to come into effect in 2019. That deadline now won’t be met, and Finance Minister Ueli Maurer said a working group will convene soon to figure out the way forward. He didn’t spell out what the Plan B might consist of, but said the government could in theory present parliament with a draft bill by the end of 2017. “There’s without a doubt international pressure,” Maurer said. “There’s a real danger of companies in Switzerland being subject to double taxation.” The government will now also have to restart talks with the EU, which had pushed for Switzerland to revise its tax practices, and there’s the threat of reprisals by other countries. Should the EU assess Switzerland’s compliance on company taxation, “we would at the moment not be able to fulfil these points,” Joerg Gasser, State Secretary for International Financial Matters, said before the vote. “Then the question is how the EU reacts. If we can plausibly make the case that we’ll do that, then nothing happens — if not, I cannot tell you what will happen.” Voters yesterday were swayed by opponents’ arguments that the reform would’ve meant more than 2.7 billion francs in lost tax revenue, which they said would led to a higher tax burden for individuals and cuts to public services. The Social Democrats, who led the campaign against the reform, haven’t published detailed suggestions on what sort of changes they would support. Prior to the vote, SP spokesman Michael Sorg said the government’s original proposal should serve as a point of departure, the notional interest rate deduction should be eliminated and the plan shouldn’t lead to large shortfalls for the public purse. The notional interest rate deduction, which opponents had singled out in their criticism, might be eliminated in a Plan B, experts said. “No one actually knows what the other instruments might be, and it may take quite long — and in the meantime, I don’t think cantons can wait,” said Christian Keuschnigg, a professor at the University of St Gallen, adding that the cantons may lower headline rates of their own accord, crimping their revenue intake. “And that’ll be an expensive undertaking.” — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Petronas Canada LNG plant buoyed by incentives to native groups Bank Negara: Ringgit began to stabilise towards end 4Q2016 Weaker ringgit dampens travel to Singapore Malaysia’s economy expands 4.2pc in 2016 Didi Chuxing faces new hurdles in China (VIDEO) Weaker ringgit dampens travel to Singapore Swedish company invests RM100m in Penang Another day, another mall: How KL Gateway Mall hopes to succeed in a crowded market Osram says gets US government approval for lamps unit sale Greece says will not accept ‘illogical’ demands in bailout review Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Related Articles UK startups ponder move to Europe as Brexit sows angst Britain’s Rolls-Royce plummets to record US$5.8b loss UK faces worker shortage as EU nationals stay home, says study Brexit Bulletin: The Merkel mistake Swiss vote on corporate tax reform as outcome too close to call Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Streetwise Economy International Industry News Small Business Commentary Careers Magazine Energy & Resources Marketing Law Property Report Home» Report on Business» Industry News» Marketing Sprinter Andre De Grasse hugs his mother Beverley as he arrives in Toronto on Aug. 24, 2016. Beverley De Grasse has signed a one-year partnership with GraceKennedy (Ontario) Ltd., the Canadian arm of the Kingston, Jamaica-based packaged food manufacturer that sells the Grace brand across Canada. Sprinter Andre De Grasse hugs his mother Beverley as he arrives in Toronto on Aug. 24, 2016. Beverley De Grasse has signed a one-year partnership with GraceKennedy (Ontario) Ltd., the Canadian arm of the Kingston, Jamaica-based packaged food manufacturer that sells the Grace brand across Canada. Another sponsorship deal for De Grasse – but not the one you’re thinking of Add to ... Susan Krashinsky Robertson - MARKETING REPORTER The Globe and Mail Published Monday, Feb. 13, 2017 5:09PM EST Last updated Monday, Feb. 13, 2017 5:09PM EST Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn PrintLicense article As a young sprinter hitting his stride, Andre De Grasse is a marketable athlete: even before winning three medals in his Olympic debut and making friends with superstar Usain Bolt along the way, Mr. De Grasse inked a massive sponsorship deal with Puma and has worked with brands such as Gillette, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP and on a local level, Pizza Pizza. But the latest marketing partnership to land on the De Grasse doorstep is not focused on the Canadian track phenom: the star of the campaign is his mother, Beverley. Ms. De Grasse has signed a one-year partnership with GraceKennedy (Ontario) Ltd., the Canadian arm of the Kingston, Jamaica-based packaged food manufacturer that sells the Grace brand across Canada. “Andre is always talking to the media about my cooking,” Ms. De Grasse said with evident pride. “I thought it was a great way to show the public some of his favourite recipes.” As part of the deal, Ms. De Grasse will appear at events for the company and will also shoot videos and photos for use on social media. One-minute segments will feature her sharing quick recipes, such as jerk chicken, that Grace will share on its Facebook, Instagram and Twitter accounts. Andre sweetens the deal: he has agreed to amplify those promotions by sharing at least three posts on his own social media accounts as well. Ms. De Grasse moved to Canada from Trinidad and Tobago in 1987 and has noticed how much more diverse Canadian tastes have become in the past 30 years – she uses Grace products, she said, and they have become easier to find in mainstream supermarkets. The company has been working to respond to those trends: part of the campaign’s objective is to emphasize the products’ ease of use to cooks who are only beginning to experiment with unfamiliar recipes. It is in the process of changing its corporate name to Grace Canada to reflect its expansion across the country. “We have so many cities that are diverse, there’s really a blend of cultures. And people are foodies. They’re interested in trying new flavours. We’ve definitely seen growth in that area,” said Alexandria Mottley, assistant brand manager at GraceKennedy. “We’re getting the first-generation, core Caribbean consumers but also their kids who grew up with their moms’ cooking, and they’re introducing the food to their friends. … We’re seeing a lot of interest in Caribbean cooking.” Grace is not the first brand to recognize the value of an athlete’s family. Procter & Gamble Co. has shifted the bulk of its advertising investment around the Olympics to its “Thank You, Mom” campaign, drawing emotional heft by profiling the roles that real athletes’ mothers have played in their children’s success. Beverley and Andre De Grasse were part of this sponsorship in Canada at the Rio Games, under P&G’s Gillette brand. “Beverley’s wonderful in the sense that she’s very humble and gracious, but like Andre she has that twinkle in her eye when the camera turns on,” said Brian Levine, managing director of Toronto-based Envision Sports & Entertainment Inc., who works on sponsorship deals with Mr. De Grasse in Canada, and who also suggested the Grace opportunity to Ms. De Grasse. “She has such a heartfelt, warm presence.” Following his Olympic success, Mr. De Grasse has also attracted more attention from sponsors, Mr. Levine said, noting that he recently signed a deal that has not yet been announced. During her son’s events in Rio, Ms. De Grasse was a constant presence, cheering wildly at his success. When Andre was in high demand for interviews, Ms. De Grasse sometimes stepped in and has become comfortable speaking with media. Still, she said she was “quite surprised and taken aback” when an opportunity arose to work with an advertiser on her own. Grace has a small marketing budget in Canada, and is hoping to make an impact through social media. The marketing team believes Ms. De Grasse is an “authentic” voice that will work well in that environment and an approachable air that could help expand its appeal. “Where we see an opportunity for growth is in the mainstream market,” Ms. Mottley said. “We can come in with recipes that are versatile and easy for Canadians to use. … We want to get over that boundary.” Report Typo/Error Follow Susan Krashinsky Robertson on Twitter: @susinsky Also on The Globe and Mail De Grasse all smiles as crowds welcome him back to Toronto (The Globe and Mail)   PZA-TPizza Pizza Royalty Corp Latest Price$17.80 0.00 (0.00%) PG-NProcter & Gamble Co Latest Price$91.12 0.00 (0.00%) Updated February 15 3:59 PM EST. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story #GoSponsorHer social media campaign aims to put more women in senior roles Andre De Grasse’s sponsors made a huge bet, but it paid off Rio 2016 ‘Anything is possible’: Beverley De Grasse marvels at son’s sprint to the top Topics Food and Beverage Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn PrintLicense article Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » News Watch as White House spokesman Sean Spicer flubs Justin Trudeau's name in briefing Report on Business Carrick Talks Money: Who has the best deals on high rate savings accounts? Report on Business This tiny Toronto house sold for $370,000 over asking Sports New breeds debut at the Westminster Dog Show News Trump and Netanyahu praise each other at joint news conference News Trump calls leaks 'illegal' and 'unfair' in defence of former national security adviser Flynn Report on Business Fed will likely raise interest rates: Yellen Life Rumor becomes top dog at Westminster show Report on Business U.S. firms in China change their tune on trade News Trudeau and Trump share handshake in Oval Office Report on Business 'Yellen trade' keeps world stocks riding high Technology India launches record 104 satellites in one go ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Globe Investor Workers in the ‘gig’ economy face challenges in saving for retirement Report on Business Marijuana industry searches for large spaces to grow crops More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business MasterCard Canada sets new tone in fee battle Life Eugene Melnyk launches campaign to shorten organ transplant wait times Most popular Fighting Trump’s ban to honour a ‘legacy of light and laughter and love’ CBC radio personality and Vinyl Cafe host Stuart McLean dead at 68 Feb. 16: Your daily horoscope Stuart McLean's bent vision Conservatives argue motion to condemn Islamophobia impacts freedom of speech X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 February 2017 by Military News Vasomotor Symptoms of Menopause Market Research Report by Geographical Analysis and Forecast to 2024 Global Vasomotor Symptoms of Menopause Market: Overview Menopause is the stage during which women stop producing ovaries and there is an end of the fertile phase. It occurs in 85% of premenopausal women during their late 40s, resulting in the cessation of their menstrual cycle. Due to the cessation of menstrual flow, the production of estrogen decreases and gonadotropin increases, which gives rise to various physiological and psychological changes, called vasomotor symptoms. Vasomotor symptoms of menopause are the actions which are related to nerves and muscles that cause the blood vessels to dilate. Vasomotor symptoms of menopause are basically a transition between two phases: perimenopause and menopause. The major vasomotor symptoms associated with menopause are listed below: Hot flashes: Hot flash is one of the most frequent symptoms of menopause. During this condition, women feel enormous intensity of heat accompanied with excessive sweating. Hot flashes with sweating also occur at night and the condition is termed as night sweats which disturbs the sleep pattern of an individual. Formication: Formication is basically a form of paresthesia which results in an abnormal skin sensation, illusion or hallucination that some insects are crawling over the skin. It causes feelings of itchiness, tingling or even burning on the skin. Migraine: Due to the hormonal fluctuations of menstrual cycle, migraine headaches pose a serious impediment to women undergoing menopausal phase. They are a form of recurrent headaches that can last from few hours up to three days. Dysfunctional uterine bleeding: Due to abrupt changes in hormonal levels, ovulation becomes inconsistent causing endometrial hyperplasia to develop and result in abnormal bleeding. Psychological symptoms: There are a number of psychological symptoms associated with onset of menopause such as fatigue, anxiety, irritability, mood swings, insomnia etc. Global Vasomotor Symptoms of Menopause Market: Segmentation There are various therapies related to vasomotor symptoms of menopause and henceforth the market can be segmented as follows: Hormone Replacement Therapy (HRT): HRT is a hormone therapy which is given to women whose estrogen and progesterone hormone level have dropped enormously Selective estrogen receptor modulators (SERM): SERMs are a type of drugs that block the effect of estrogen in the breast cells and activate the action of estrogen in other cells such as uterine cells Gabapentin: They are a type of medications which reduces the effect of hot flash and night sweats Antidepressants: Few vasomotor symptoms are relieved with the aid of antidepressants. Example: fluoxetine and venlafaxine. The driving factors that will augment the growth of menopausal symptoms therapeutics market are introduction of new treatments and therapies in the market, increasing awareness among female patients about their health and use of non-hormonal therapies. Browse full report on Vasomotor Symptoms of Menopause Market – www.transparencymarketresearch.com/vasomotor-symptoms-men… Global Vasomotor Symptoms of Menopause Market: Geographical Dynamics Geographically, North America dominates the menopause therapeutics market followed by Europe. According to NutritionMD, about 40% of North American women seek treatment for menopausal symptoms. Increasing cases of menopausal symptoms and the rising need of women population to go for novel therapies are the major factors, which have driven the growth of the menopausal symptoms therapeutic market. Asia-Pacific is one of the most rapidly developing region and the prime factors that will drive the growth of menopausal symptoms therapeutics market in this region are increasing geriatric female population with menopause disorders, and a shift in preference from hormonal therapies to non-hormonal therapies that will create an opportunity for many pharmaceutical companies to develop novel technologies and therapies. Global Vasomotor Symptoms of Menopause Market: Company Profiles Some of the top market players of this market are Eli Lilly and Company. Procter & Gamble, Pfizer Inc., Ausio harmaceuticals, LLC, EndoCeutics, Inc., Edgemont Pharmaceuticals, LLC and many others. The report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions. By doing so, the research report serves as a repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market, including but not limited to: Regional markets, technology, types, and applications. Request for brochure of this report – www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR syndicated research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, TMR’s syndicated reports strive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement. US Office Contact 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, Food and Beverage, Health, Health & Medicine, intelligence, major, Markets, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Wet Macular Degeneration Market Research Report by Geographical Analysis and Forecast to 2024 Next PostNext Reperfusion Injury Market Research Report by Geographical Analysis and Forecast to 2024 Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Notable Wednesday Option Activity: ASPS, GME, RCII Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: VSI, NFLX, EIGI Notable Wednesday Option Activity: DXCM, PBPB, STMP Notable Wednesday Option Activity: BG, SSTK, GLPI Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: BCC, LE, HIVE Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 February 2017 by Military News Oleochemicals Fatty Acids Market Size, Analysis, Trends, Report, Share, Investment Opportunities and Forecast To 2022 Stratistics MRC, one stop shop for all your market research needs. According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Oleochemicals Fatty Acids market is estimated at $17.73 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $30.62 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 8.1% from 2015 to 2022. Some of the key drivers of the market include consumer-driven demand and recyclability. Moreover, demand for food & beverages, soaps & detergents act as opportunities for the market growth. Exposure to consumer trends is favouring markets such as cleaning, beauty and food. Asia-Pacific held the largest share in 2015, China being the top contributor. Japan, China and India are the prominent countries with a huge demand for oleochemicals. Growing applications of oleochemicals in the soaps & detergents industry is boosting investments in the oleochemicals market. The demand for oleochemicals is rising in the pharmaceutical & personal care industry as consumers are becoming conscious about the environmental benefits and cost effectiveness offered by oleochemicals. Significant mergers and acquisitions, collaborations, and joint ventures are the industry trends that are playing a major role for the market growth. Order a copy at http://www.strategymrc.com/report/oleochemicals-fatty-acids-market-2016 Some of the key players in the market include 3F Group, Amyris, Arizona Chemical Company LLC, Cargill Incorporated, CREMER, Emery Oleochemicals, Evonik Industries, Genomatica, Godrej Industries, Isosciences LLC, KLK OLEO, Mery Oleochemicals, P&G Chemicals, PT Musim Mas, Solazyme, Vegetable Vitamin Foods Company Pvt. Ltd and Wilmar International Ltd,. Request for a sample at http://www.strategymrc.com/report/oleochemicals-fatty-acids-market-2016 Scope of the Report: Products Covered: • Distilled Fatty Acids • Stearic Acid • Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids • Fractionated Fatty Acids • Glycerin • Fatty Alcohols • Oleic Acid • Caproic Acid Applications Covered: • Food and Beverages • Pharmaceuticals and Personal Care • Polymers • Soaps and Detergents • Agrochemicals • Lubricant & Grease • Coating & Resin • Paper, Candles and Waxes • Other Applications Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK  o Spain   o Rest of Europe     • Asia Pacific o Japan        o China        o India        o Australia        o New Zealand       o Rest of Asia Pacific     • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements http://www.abnewswire.com/pressreleases/automotive-sensors-market-size-analysis-trends-report-share-investment-opportunities-and-forecast-to-2022_94884.html Media Contact Company Name: Stratistics Market Research Consulting Contact Person: James Lamb Email: Send Email Phone: +1-301-202-5929 City: Gaithersburg State: Maryland Country: United States Website: www.strategymrc.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsAutomotive, Business, Companies, company, Food and Beverage, Industry, major, Markets, Pharmaceuticals & Biotech, Technology, U.S., World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Wounded Warrior Project Empowers Veterans at Powerlifting Clinic Next PostNext Gene That Helps Form Trauma-Related Memories May Also Help Prevent Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Notable Wednesday Option Activity: ASPS, GME, RCII Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: VSI, NFLX, EIGI Notable Wednesday Option Activity: DXCM, PBPB, STMP Notable Wednesday Option Activity: BG, SSTK, GLPI Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: BCC, LE, HIVE Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 February 2017 by Military News Oleochemicals Fatty Acids Market Size, Analysis, Trends, Report, Share, Investment Opportunities and Forecast To 2022 Stratistics MRC, one stop shop for all your market research needs.According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Oleochemicals Fatty Acids market is estimated at $17.73 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $30.62 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 8.1% from 2015 to 2022. Some of the key drivers of the market include consumer-driven demand and recyclability. Moreover, demand for food & beverages, soaps & detergents act as opportunities for the market growth. Exposure to consumer trends is favouring markets such as cleaning, beauty and food. Asia-Pacific held the largest share in 2015, China being the top contributor. Japan, China and India are the prominent countries with a huge demand for oleochemicals. Growing applications of oleochemicals in the soaps & detergents industry is boosting investments in the oleochemicals market. The demand for oleochemicals is rising in the pharmaceutical & personal care industry as consumers are becoming conscious about the environmental benefits and cost effectiveness offered by oleochemicals. Significant mergers and acquisitions, collaborations, and joint ventures are the industry trends that are playing a major role for the market growth. Order a copy at http://www.strategymrc.com/report/oleochemicals-fatty-acids-market-2016 Some of the key players in the market include 3F Group, Amyris, Arizona Chemical Company LLC, Cargill Incorporated, CREMER, Emery Oleochemicals, Evonik Industries, Genomatica, Godrej Industries, Isosciences LLC, KLK OLEO, Mery Oleochemicals, P&G Chemicals, PT Musim Mas, Solazyme, Vegetable Vitamin Foods Company Pvt. Ltd and Wilmar International Ltd,. Request for a sample at http://www.strategymrc.com/report/oleochemicals-fatty-acids-market-2016 Scope of the Report: Products Covered: • Distilled Fatty Acids • Stearic Acid • Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids • Fractionated Fatty Acids • Glycerin • Fatty Alcohols • Oleic Acid • Caproic Acid Applications Covered: • Food and Beverages • Pharmaceuticals and Personal Care • Polymers • Soaps and Detergents • Agrochemicals • Lubricant & Grease • Coating & Resin • Paper, Candles and Waxes • Other Applications Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK  o Spain   o Rest of Europe     • Asia Pacific o Japan        o China        o India        o Australia        o New Zealand       o Rest of Asia Pacific     • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements http://www.abnewswire.com/pressreleases/automotive-sensors-market-size-analysis-trends-report-share-investment-opportunities-and-forecast-to-2022_94884.html Media Contact Company Name: Stratistics Market Research Consulting Contact Person: James Lamb Email: Send Email Phone: +1-301-202-5929 City: Gaithersburg State: Maryland Country: United States Website: www.strategymrc.com Source: www.abnewswire.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsAutomotive, Business, Companies, company, Food and Beverage, Industry, major, Markets, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Associa Chicagoland Hosts Open House for Remodeled Schaumburg Office Next PostNext Organic Virgin Olive Oil Market Overview, Cost Structure Analysis, Growth Opportunities and Forecast to 2021 Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Notable Wednesday Option Activity: ASPS, GME, RCII Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: VSI, NFLX, EIGI Notable Wednesday Option Activity: DXCM, PBPB, STMP Notable Wednesday Option Activity: BG, SSTK, GLPI Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: BCC, LE, HIVE Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Red Cross Opens Shelters and Prepares for Massive Response to Possible Oroville Spillway Failure 2,200+ Already in Shelters Monday Morning News provided by American Red Cross Feb 13, 2017, 11:53 ET Share this article WASHINGTON, Feb. 13, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- The American Red Cross has launched a massive disaster response in northern California, where at least 188,000 people have been ordered to evacuate over the past 24 hours due to the potentially catastrophic failure of a spillway which is part of the Oroville Dam system. "The Red Cross has shelters open now and more relief supplies and disaster workers are on the way to provide assistance for people in harm's way," said Brad Kieserman, vice president, disaster operations and logistics for the Red Cross. "This is a potentially catastrophic situation – affecting thousands of people and homes – and our first priority is making sure people have a safe place to stay. We will be in the community to offer comfort and support for as long as needed." As many as 2,200 residents were in Red Cross and community shelters as of Monday morning, and the Red Cross is preparing to shelter and feed thousands more in the upcoming days. The evacuation orders came Sunday night in Butte and Yuba counties, Yuba City and Marysville, as damage was discovered to the Oroville spillway. The Oroville Dam is the tallest dam in the United States, and is a critical piece of the state's water system. The dam currently remains intact, but the emergency spillway is compromised. The governor of California has declared a state of emergency and substantial search and rescue help is being deployed, including the California National Guard and Highway Patrol, along with swift water rescue teams. DOWNLOAD EMERGENCY APP: Everyone should download the Red Cross Emergency App to have safety information available on their mobile device, including emergency weather alerts, safety information and open shelter locations. Red Cross apps are available in smartphone app stores by searching for the American Red Cross or going to redcross.org/apps. MAKE A DONATION We are thankful to those who would like to donate items for people evacuated in California – but the Red Cross is not equipped to manage, support, and distribute donated items. Instead, our priority is to get those affected settled at emergency shelters, and to provide supplies to meet immediate needs. Right now, the best way to help is through a financial donation. Help people affected by disasters like floods and countless other crises by making a donation to Red Cross Disaster Relief. Your gift enables the Red Cross to prepare for, respond to and help people recover from disasters big and small across the United States. Visit redcross.org, call 1-800-RED CROSS or text the word REDCROSS to 90999 to make a $10 donation. CORPORATIONS HELP The generous donations from members of the Red Cross Annual Disaster Giving Program (ADGP) and the Disaster Responder Program enable the American Red Cross to prepare communities for disasters big and small, respond whenever and wherever disasters occur and help families during the recovery process. ADGP $1 Million members are: American Airlines; Anheuser-Busch Foundation; Anthem Foundation; Caterpillar Foundation; Costco Wholesale; Delta Air Lines; Disney; Enterprise Rent-A-Car Foundation; FedEx; General Motors Foundation; Grainger; The Home Depot Foundation; Humble Bundle; LDS Charities; Lowe's Companies, Inc.; Mazda North American Operations; Nationwide Foundation; State Farm; Target; UPS; VSP Global; Walmart and the Walmart Foundation; and The Wawa Foundation. ADGP $500,000 members are: 3M; Altria Group; American Express; Aon; Bank of America; Boise Paper; Capital One; Cisco Foundation; Citi Foundation; Darden Restaurants, Inc. Foundation; Discover; Edison International; Farmers Insurance; Ford Motor Company; John Deere Foundation; Johnson Controls; McDonald's Corporation; Medtronic Foundation; Meijer; Merck Foundation; Mondelēz International Foundation; National Grid; PepsiCo Foundation; Procter & Gamble Company; Reynolds American Foundation; Ryder; Southwest Airlines; Sprint; Sunoco; The TJX Companies, Inc.; United Airlines; United Technologies Corporation; and Wells Fargo. Disaster Responder Program members are: Alcoa; Almost Family; Astellas USA Foundation; AT&T; AvalonBay Communities, Inc.; AXA; Ball Foundation; BNY Mellon; CarMax; The Clorox Company; Cox Automotive; DTE Energy Foundation; Duke Energy; Entergy Corporation; Harbor Freight Tools; Hewlett Packard Enterprise Foundation; Hi-Rez Studios; HP Foundation; IBM Corporation; IHG Foundation; IKEA; Ingersoll Rand Foundation; Land O'Lakes, Inc.; Morgan Stanley; Neiman Marcus Group; New Balance Foundation; Northrop Grumman Corporation; Northwestern Mutual and the Northwestern Mutual Foundation; Prudential Foundation; PuroClean Disaster Recovery; SC Johnson; ScriptRelief; SERVPRO; Southeastern Grocers Home of BI-LO Harveys Winn Dixie; T O Y O T A; U-Haul International; U.S. Bank; The USAA Foundation; and Visa. About the American Red Cross: The American Red Cross shelters, feeds and provides emotional support to victims of disasters; supplies about 40 percent of the nation's blood; teaches skills that save lives; provides international humanitarian aid; and supports military members and their families. The Red Cross is a not-for-profit organization that depends on volunteers and the generosity of the American public to perform its mission. For more information, please visit redcross.org or cruzrojaamericana.org, or visit us on Twitter at @RedCross.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/red-cross-opens-shelters-and-prepares-for-massive-response-to-possible-oroville-dam-failure-300406253.html SOURCE American Red Cross Related Links http://www.redcross.org Feb 14, 2017, 15:00 ET Preview: Four Red Cross Shelters Open in California Thousands Evacuated Due to Compromised Oroville Dam Spillway Jan 23, 2017, 13:07 ET Preview: Red Cross Helping from Coast to Coast in Wake of Devastating Storms My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Feb 15, 2017, 15:07 ETRed Cross Response Continues Near Compromised Oroville Dam... Feb 14, 2017, 15:00 ETFour Red Cross Shelters Open in California Thousands Evacuated... Explore More news releases in similar topics Health Care & Hospitals Public Safety Not For Profit You just read: Red Cross Opens Shelters and Prepares for Massive Response to Possible Oroville Spillway Failure News provided by American Red Cross Feb 13, 2017, 11:53 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 February 2017 by Military News Red Cross Opens Shelters and Prepares for Massive Response to Possible Oroville Dam Failure WASHINGTON, Feb. 13, 2017 — The American Red Cross has launched a massive disaster response in northern California, where at least 188,000 people have been ordered to evacuate over the past 24 hours due to the potentially catastrophic collapse of the Oroville Dam. “The Red Cross has shelters open now and more relief supplies and disaster workers are on the way to provide assistance for people in harm’s way,” said Brad Kieserman, vice president, disaster operations and logistics for the Red Cross. “This is a potentially catastrophic situation – affecting thousands of people and homes – and our first priority is making sure people have a safe place to stay. We will be in the community to offer comfort and support for as long as needed.” As many as 2,200 residents were in Red Cross and community shelters as of Monday morning, and the Red Cross is preparing to shelter and feed thousands more in the upcoming days. The evacuation orders came Sunday night in Butte and Yuba counties, Yuba City and Marysville, as damage was discovered to the Oroville Dam, the nation’s highest dam. The dam currently remains intact, but the emergency spillway is eroding. The governor of California has declared a state of emergency and substantial search and rescue help is being deployed, including the California National Guard and Highway Patrol, along with swift water rescue teams. DOWNLOAD EMERGENCY APP: Everyone should download the Red Cross Emergency App to have safety information available on their mobile device, including emergency weather alerts, safety information and open shelter locations. Red Cross apps are available in smartphone app stores by searching for the American Red Cross or going to redcross.org/apps. MAKE A DONATION We are thankful to those who would like to donate items for people evacuated in California – but the Red Cross is not equipped to manage, support, and distribute donated items. Instead, our priority is to get those affected settled at emergency shelters, and to provide supplies to meet immediate needs. Right now, the best way to help is through a financial donation. Help people affected by disasters like floods and countless other crises by making a donation to Red Cross Disaster Relief. Your gift enables the Red Cross to prepare for, respond to and help people recover from disasters big and small across the United States. Visit redcross.org, call 1-800-RED CROSS or text the word REDCROSS to 90999 to make a $10 donation. CORPORATIONS HELP The generous donations from members of the Red Cross Annual Disaster Giving Program (ADGP) and the Disaster Responder Program enable the American Red Cross to prepare communities for disasters big and small, respond whenever and wherever disasters occur and help families during the recovery process. ADGP $1 Million members are: American Airlines; Anheuser-Busch Foundation; Anthem Foundation; Caterpillar Foundation; Costco Wholesale; Delta Air Lines; Disney; Enterprise Rent-A-Car Foundation; FedEx; General Motors Foundation; Grainger; The Home Depot Foundation; Humble Bundle; LDS Charities; Lowe’s Companies, Inc.; Mazda North American Operations; Nationwide Foundation; State Farm; Target; UPS; VSP Global; Walmart and the Walmart Foundation; and The Wawa Foundation. ADGP $500,000 members are: 3M; Altria Group; American Express; Aon; Bank of America; Boise Paper; Capital One; Cisco Foundation; Citi Foundation; Darden Restaurants, Inc. Foundation; Discover; Edison International; Farmers Insurance; Ford Motor Company; John Deere Foundation; Johnson Controls; McDonald’s Corporation; Medtronic Foundation; Meijer; Merck Foundation; Mondelēz International Foundation; National Grid; PepsiCo Foundation; Procter & Gamble Company; Reynolds American Foundation; Ryder; Southwest Airlines; Sprint; Sunoco; The TJX Companies, Inc.; United Airlines; United Technologies Corporation; and Wells Fargo. Disaster Responder Program members are: Alcoa; Almost Family; Astellas USA Foundation; AT&T; AvalonBay Communities, Inc.; AXA; Ball Foundation; BNY Mellon; CarMax; The Clorox Company; Cox Automotive; DTE Energy Foundation; Duke Energy; Entergy Corporation; Harbor Freight Tools; Hewlett Packard Enterprise Foundation; Hi-Rez Studios; HP Foundation; IBM Corporation; IHG Foundation; IKEA; Ingersoll Rand Foundation; Land O’Lakes, Inc.; Morgan Stanley; Neiman Marcus Group; New Balance Foundation; Northrop Grumman Corporation; Northwestern Mutual and the Northwestern Mutual Foundation; Prudential Foundation; PuroClean Disaster Recovery; SC Johnson; ScriptRelief; SERVPRO; Southeastern Grocers Home of BI-LO Harveys Winn Dixie; T O Y O T A; U-Haul International; U.S. Bank; The USAA Foundation; and Visa. About the American Red Cross: The American Red Cross shelters, feeds and provides emotional support to victims of disasters; supplies about 40 percent of the nation’s blood; teaches skills that save lives; provides international humanitarian aid; and supports military members and their families. The Red Cross is a not-for-profit organization that depends on volunteers and the generosity of the American public to perform its mission. For more information, please visit redcross.org or cruzrojaamericana.org, or visit us on Twitter at @RedCross. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/red-cross-opens-shelters-and-prepares-for-massive-response-to-possible-oroville-dam-failure-300406253.html SOURCE American Red Cross CategoriesUncategorized TagsAutomotive, Companies, company, evacuate, general, Home and Garden, military, Nation, rescue, Technology, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Four-Wheel-Drive Tractor Machine Market Research Key Players, Industry Overview, Supply Chain and Analysis to 2016 – 2021 Next PostNext Derivatives – New Strikes Stock Products 31/17 Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Situs Selected as Loan Servicer, Facility and Security Agent to Loan Portfolio Acquired by Colony Northstar, Inc., in Ireland Qumu Adds FocalCast Integration for Enterprise-Grade Recording and Streaming of Collaboration Sessions London & Partners: London Tech Week Unveils Headline Events for Europe’s Largest Festival of Tech New ‘Open Source Days’ Program Launches as Part of OpenStack Summit in Boston Apetit Oyj:n tilinpäätöstiedotteen 2016 julkistaminen ja kutsu tiedotustilaisuuteen Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 February 2017 by Military News Red Cross Opens Shelters and Prepares for Massive Response to Possible Oroville Dam Failure WASHINGTON, Feb. 13, 2017 — The American Red Cross has launched a massive disaster response in northern California, where at least 188,000 people have been ordered to evacuate over the past 24 hours due to the potentially catastrophic collapse of the Oroville Dam. „The Red Cross has shelters open now and more relief supplies and disaster workers are on the way to provide assistance for people in harm’s way,” said Brad Kieserman, vice president, disaster operations and logistics for the Red Cross. „This is a potentially catastrophic situation – affecting thousands of people and homes – and our first priority is making sure people have a safe place to stay. We will be in the community to offer comfort and support for as long as needed.” As many as 2,200 residents were in Red Cross and community shelters as of Monday morning, and the Red Cross is preparing to shelter and feed thousands more in the upcoming days. The evacuation orders came Sunday night in Butte and Yuba counties, Yuba City and Marysville, as damage was discovered to the Oroville Dam, the nation’s highest dam. The dam currently remains intact, but the emergency spillway is eroding. The governor of California has declared a state of emergency and substantial search and rescue help is being deployed, including the California National Guard and Highway Patrol, along with swift water rescue teams. DOWNLOAD EMERGENCY APP: Everyone should download the Red Cross Emergency App to have safety information available on their mobile device, including emergency weather alerts, safety information and open shelter locations. Red Cross apps are available in smartphone app stores by searching for the American Red Cross or going to redcross.org/apps. MAKE A DONATION We are thankful to those who would like to donate items for people evacuated in California – but the Red Cross is not equipped to manage, support, and distribute donated items. Instead, our priority is to get those affected settled at emergency shelters, and to provide supplies to meet immediate needs. Right now, the best way to help is through a financial donation. Help people affected by disasters like floods and countless other crises by making a donation to Red Cross Disaster Relief. Your gift enables the Red Cross to prepare for, respond to and help people recover from disasters big and small across the United States. Visit redcross.org, call 1-800-RED CROSS or text the word REDCROSS to 90999 to make a $10 donation. CORPORATIONS HELP The generous donations from members of the Red Cross Annual Disaster Giving Program (ADGP) and the Disaster Responder Program enable the American Red Cross to prepare communities for disasters big and small, respond whenever and wherever disasters occur and help families during the recovery process. ADGP $1 Million members are: American Airlines; Anheuser-Busch Foundation; Anthem Foundation; Caterpillar Foundation; Costco Wholesale; Delta Air Lines; Disney; Enterprise Rent-A-Car Foundation; FedEx; General Motors Foundation; Grainger; The Home Depot Foundation; Humble Bundle; LDS Charities; Lowe’s Companies, Inc.; Mazda North American Operations; Nationwide Foundation; State Farm; Target; UPS; VSP Global; Walmart and the Walmart Foundation; and The Wawa Foundation. ADGP $500,000 members are: 3M; Altria Group; American Express; Aon; Bank of America; Boise Paper; Capital One; Cisco Foundation; Citi Foundation; Darden Restaurants, Inc. Foundation; Discover; Edison International; Farmers Insurance; Ford Motor Company; John Deere Foundation; Johnson Controls; McDonald’s Corporation; Medtronic Foundation; Meijer; Merck Foundation; Mondelēz International Foundation; National Grid; PepsiCo Foundation; Procter & Gamble Company; Reynolds American Foundation; Ryder; Southwest Airlines; Sprint; Sunoco; The TJX Companies, Inc.; United Airlines; United Technologies Corporation; and Wells Fargo. Disaster Responder Program members are: Alcoa; Almost Family; Astellas USA Foundation; AT&T; AvalonBay Communities, Inc.; AXA; Ball Foundation; BNY Mellon; CarMax; The Clorox Company; Cox Automotive; DTE Energy Foundation; Duke Energy; Entergy Corporation; Harbor Freight Tools; Hewlett Packard Enterprise Foundation; Hi-Rez Studios; HP Foundation; IBM Corporation; IHG Foundation; IKEA; Ingersoll Rand Foundation; Land O’Lakes, Inc.; Morgan Stanley; Neiman Marcus Group; New Balance Foundation; Northrop Grumman Corporation; Northwestern Mutual and the Northwestern Mutual Foundation; Prudential Foundation; PuroClean Disaster Recovery; SC Johnson; ScriptRelief; SERVPRO; Southeastern Grocers Home of BI-LO Harveys Winn Dixie; T O Y O T A; U-Haul International; U.S. Bank; The USAA Foundation; and Visa. About the American Red Cross: The American Red Cross shelters, feeds and provides emotional support to victims of disasters; supplies about 40 percent of the nation’s blood; teaches skills that save lives; provides international humanitarian aid; and supports military members and their families. The Red Cross is a not-for-profit organization that depends on volunteers and the generosity of the American public to perform its mission. For more information, please visit redcross.org or cruzrojaamericana.org, or visit us on Twitter at @RedCross.   SOURCE American Red Cross CategoriesUncategorized TagsAutomotive, Companies, company, evacuate, general, Home and Garden, military, Nation, Not For Profit, Public Safety, rescue, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Dawn J. Bennett, Host of Financial Myth Busting, Interviews Dr. Herb London, President of the London Center for Policy Research Next PostNext Top 3 Trends Impacting the Global Industrial Box PC Market Through 2021: Technavio Posted on 13 February 2017 by Military News Red Cross Opens Shelters and Prepares for Massive Response to Possible Oroville Dam Failure WASHINGTON, Feb. 13, 2017 — The American Red Cross has launched a massive disaster response in northern California, where at least 188,000 people have been ordered to evacuate over the past 24 hours due to the potentially catastrophic collapse of the Oroville Dam. „The Red Cross has shelters open now and more relief supplies and disaster workers are on the way to provide assistance for people in harm’s way,” said Brad Kieserman, vice president, disaster operations and logistics for the Red Cross. „This is a potentially catastrophic situation – affecting thousands of people and homes – and our first priority is making sure people have a safe place to stay. We will be in the community to offer comfort and support for as long as needed.” As many as 2,200 residents were in Red Cross and community shelters as of Monday morning, and the Red Cross is preparing to shelter and feed thousands more in the upcoming days. The evacuation orders came Sunday night in Butte and Yuba counties, Yuba City and Marysville, as damage was discovered to the Oroville Dam, the nation’s highest dam. The dam currently remains intact, but the emergency spillway is eroding. The governor of California has declared a state of emergency and substantial search and rescue help is being deployed, including the California National Guard and Highway Patrol, along with swift water rescue teams. DOWNLOAD EMERGENCY APP: Everyone should download the Red Cross Emergency App to have safety information available on their mobile device, including emergency weather alerts, safety information and open shelter locations. Red Cross apps are available in smartphone app stores by searching for the American Red Cross or going to redcross.org/apps. MAKE A DONATION We are thankful to those who would like to donate items for people evacuated in California – but the Red Cross is not equipped to manage, support, and distribute donated items. Instead, our priority is to get those affected settled at emergency shelters, and to provide supplies to meet immediate needs. Right now, the best way to help is through a financial donation. Help people affected by disasters like floods and countless other crises by making a donation to Red Cross Disaster Relief. Your gift enables the Red Cross to prepare for, respond to and help people recover from disasters big and small across the United States. Visit redcross.org, call 1-800-RED CROSS or text the word REDCROSS to 90999 to make a $10 donation. CORPORATIONS HELP The generous donations from members of the Red Cross Annual Disaster Giving Program (ADGP) and the Disaster Responder Program enable the American Red Cross to prepare communities for disasters big and small, respond whenever and wherever disasters occur and help families during the recovery process. ADGP $1 Million members are: American Airlines; Anheuser-Busch Foundation; Anthem Foundation; Caterpillar Foundation; Costco Wholesale; Delta Air Lines; Disney; Enterprise Rent-A-Car Foundation; FedEx; General Motors Foundation; Grainger; The Home Depot Foundation; Humble Bundle; LDS Charities; Lowe’s Companies, Inc.; Mazda North American Operations; Nationwide Foundation; State Farm; Target; UPS; VSP Global; Walmart and the Walmart Foundation; and The Wawa Foundation. ADGP $500,000 members are: 3M; Altria Group; American Express; Aon; Bank of America; Boise Paper; Capital One; Cisco Foundation; Citi Foundation; Darden Restaurants, Inc. Foundation; Discover; Edison International; Farmers Insurance; Ford Motor Company; John Deere Foundation; Johnson Controls; McDonald’s Corporation; Medtronic Foundation; Meijer; Merck Foundation; Mondelēz International Foundation; National Grid; PepsiCo Foundation; Procter & Gamble Company; Reynolds American Foundation; Ryder; Southwest Airlines; Sprint; Sunoco; The TJX Companies, Inc.; United Airlines; United Technologies Corporation; and Wells Fargo. Disaster Responder Program members are: Alcoa; Almost Family; Astellas USA Foundation; AT&T; AvalonBay Communities, Inc.; AXA; Ball Foundation; BNY Mellon; CarMax; The Clorox Company; Cox Automotive; DTE Energy Foundation; Duke Energy; Entergy Corporation; Harbor Freight Tools; Hewlett Packard Enterprise Foundation; Hi-Rez Studios; HP Foundation; IBM Corporation; IHG Foundation; IKEA; Ingersoll Rand Foundation; Land O’Lakes, Inc.; Morgan Stanley; Neiman Marcus Group; New Balance Foundation; Northrop Grumman Corporation; Northwestern Mutual and the Northwestern Mutual Foundation; Prudential Foundation; PuroClean Disaster Recovery; SC Johnson; ScriptRelief; SERVPRO; Southeastern Grocers Home of BI-LO Harveys Winn Dixie; T O Y O T A; U-Haul International; U.S. Bank; The USAA Foundation; and Visa. About the American Red Cross: The American Red Cross shelters, feeds and provides emotional support to victims of disasters; supplies about 40 percent of the nation’s blood; teaches skills that save lives; provides international humanitarian aid; and supports military members and their families. The Red Cross is a not-for-profit organization that depends on volunteers and the generosity of the American public to perform its mission. For more information, please visit redcross.org or cruzrojaamericana.org, or visit us on Twitter at @RedCross.   SOURCE American Red Cross CategoriesUncategorized TagsAutomotive, Companies, company, evacuate, general, Home and Garden, military, Nation, Not For Profit, Public Safety, rescue, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Dawn J. Bennett, Host of Financial Myth Busting, Interviews Dr. Herb London, President of the London Center for Policy Research Next PostNext Top 3 Trends Impacting the Global Industrial Box PC Market Through 2021: Technavio Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Situs Selected as Loan Servicer, Facility and Security Agent to Loan Portfolio Acquired by Colony Northstar, Inc., in Ireland Qumu Adds FocalCast Integration for Enterprise-Grade Recording and Streaming of Collaboration Sessions London & Partners: London Tech Week Unveils Headline Events for Europe’s Largest Festival of Tech New ‘Open Source Days’ Program Launches as Part of OpenStack Summit in Boston Apetit Oyj:n tilinpäätöstiedotteen 2016 julkistaminen ja kutsu tiedotustilaisuuteen Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,612 +107.45 +0.52% Nasdaq 5,819 +36.87 +0.64% S&P 500 2,349 +11.67 +0.50% 4:36 A.M. ET Cobham warns on 2016 profit; sees tough 2017 4:27 A.M. ET Miners, oil giants pull FTSE 100 back from 1-month high 4:03 A.M. ET Airbus faces court battle with Austrian ministry 3:57 A.M. ET Updated This may be the one currency call Trump’s administration got right 3:54 A.M. ET Nestlé sales miss target; plans cost cuts 3:37 A.M. ET Death of Kim Jong Nam: Second woman arrested over airport attack 3:25 A.M. ET Opinion Multinationals learn the limits of being big 3:24 A.M. ET Cobham sinks 22% after writedown, guidance cut 3:22 A.M. ET Updated The Nasdaq is partying like it’s 1999, by this metric 3:21 A.M. ET Updated How one key Trump trade has regained its fizz — in one chart 3:11 A.M. ET Fiat Chrysler climbs 1.4% after car sales jump 15% in Europe 3:10 A.M. ET Nestle slips 1.4% at the open after sales slow 3:08 A.M. ET Updated What’s behind Russia’s jauntier mood? Way more than Trump, says this bank CEO 3:07 A.M. ET Updated The reflation trade is back on 3:06 A.M. ET Updated The stock market is doing so much winning, Wall Street is thinking Nasdaq 6,000 3:05 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens flat at 4,925.30 3:05 A.M. ET Updated Yellen may have offered the clearest explanation for the stock market’s record run 3:05 A.M. ET Updated ‘Mellow’ Charlie Munger says Trump ‘not wrong on everything’ 3:04 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens flat around 11,794.25 3:04 A.M. ET Updated Small businesses to strike Thursday to protest Trump’s immigration policies Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Time Warner shareholders approve $85.4 billion AT&T merger Home Press Release Red Cross Opens Shelters and Prepares for Massive Response to Possible Oroville Dam Failure By Published: Feb 13, 2017 11:53 a.m. ET Share 2,200+ Already in Shelters Monday Morning WASHINGTON, Feb. 13, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- The American Red Cross has launched a massive disaster response in northern California, where at least 188,000 people have been ordered to evacuate over the past 24 hours due to the potentially catastrophic collapse of the Oroville Dam. "The Red Cross has shelters open now and more relief supplies and disaster workers are on the way to provide assistance for people in harm's way," said Brad Kieserman, vice president, disaster operations and logistics for the Red Cross. "This is a potentially catastrophic situation – affecting thousands of people and homes – and our first priority is making sure people have a safe place to stay. We will be in the community to offer comfort and support for as long as needed." As many as 2,200 residents were in Red Cross and community shelters as of Monday morning, and the Red Cross is preparing to shelter and feed thousands more in the upcoming days. The evacuation orders came Sunday night in Butte and Yuba counties, Yuba City and Marysville, as damage was discovered to the Oroville Dam, the nation's highest dam. The dam currently remains intact, but the emergency spillway is eroding. The governor of California has declared a state of emergency and substantial search and rescue help is being deployed, including the California National Guard and Highway Patrol, along with swift water rescue teams. DOWNLOAD EMERGENCY APP : Everyone should download the Red Cross Emergency App to have safety information available on their mobile device, including emergency weather alerts, safety information and open shelter locations. Red Cross apps are available in smartphone app stores by searching for the American Red Cross or going to redcross.org/apps. MAKE A DONATION We are thankful to those who would like to donate items for people evacuated in California – but the Red Cross is not equipped to manage, support, and distribute donated items. Instead, our priority is to get those affected settled at emergency shelters, and to provide supplies to meet immediate needs. Right now, the best way to help is through a financial donation. Help people affected by disasters like floods and countless other crises by making a donation to Red Cross Disaster Relief. Your gift enables the Red Cross to prepare for, respond to and help people recover from disasters big and small across the United States. Visit redcross.org, call 1-800-RED CROSS or text the word REDCROSS to 90999 to make a $10 donation. CORPORATIONS HELP  The generous donations from members of the Red Cross Annual Disaster Giving Program (ADGP) and the Disaster Responder Program enable the American Red Cross to prepare communities for disasters big and small, respond whenever and wherever disasters occur and help families during the recovery process. ADGP $1 Million members are: American Airlines; Anheuser-Busch Foundation; Anthem Foundation; Caterpillar Foundation; Costco Wholesale; Delta Air Lines; Disney; Enterprise Rent-A-Car Foundation; FedEx; General Motors Foundation; Grainger; The Home Depot Foundation; Humble Bundle; LDS Charities; Lowe's Companies, Inc.; Mazda North American Operations; Nationwide Foundation; State Farm; Target; UPS; VSP Global; Walmart and the Walmart Foundation; and The Wawa Foundation. ADGP $500,000 members are: 3M; Altria Group; American Express; Aon; Bank of America; Boise Paper; Capital One; Cisco Foundation; Citi Foundation; Darden Restaurants, Inc. Foundation; Discover; Edison International; Farmers Insurance; Ford Motor Company; John Deere Foundation; Johnson Controls; McDonald's Corporation; Medtronic Foundation; Meijer; Merck Foundation; Mondel�“z International Foundation; National Grid; PepsiCo Foundation; Procter & Gamble Company; Reynolds American Foundation; Ryder; Southwest Airlines; Sprint; Sunoco; The TJX Companies, Inc.; United Airlines; United Technologies Corporation; and Wells Fargo. Disaster Responder Program members are: Alcoa; Almost Family; Astellas USA Foundation; AT&T; AvalonBay Communities, Inc.; AXA; Ball Foundation; BNY Mellon; CarMax; The Clorox Company; Cox Automotive; DTE Energy Foundation; Duke Energy; Entergy Corporation; Harbor Freight Tools; Hewlett Packard Enterprise Foundation; Hi-Rez Studios; HP Foundation; IBM Corporation; IHG Foundation; IKEA; Ingersoll Rand Foundation; Land O'Lakes, Inc.; Morgan Stanley; Neiman Marcus Group; New Balance Foundation; Northrop Grumman Corporation; Northwestern Mutual and the Northwestern Mutual Foundation; Prudential Foundation; PuroClean Disaster Recovery; SC Johnson; ScriptRelief; SERVPRO; Southeastern Grocers Home of BI-LO Harveys Winn Dixie; T O Y O T A; U-Haul International; U.S. Bank; The USAA Foundation; and Visa. About the American Red Cross: The American Red Cross shelters, feeds and provides emotional support to victims of disasters; supplies about 40 percent of the nation's blood; teaches skills that save lives; provides international humanitarian aid; and supports military members and their families. The Red Cross is a not-for-profit organization that depends on volunteers and the generosity of the American public to perform its mission. For more information, please visit  redcross.org   or cruzrojaamericana.org , or visit us on Twitter at  @RedCross .   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/red-cross-opens-shelters-and-prepares-for-massive-response-to-possible-oroville-dam-failure-300406253.html SOURCE American Red Cross Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular The stock market is doing so much winning, Wall Street is thinking Nasdaq 6,000 The reflation trade is back on Intelligence officials withhold sensitive information from Trump: report The tipping point for renewable energy is nearly here NetApp finally catches up, but may already be behind MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Warehouses are the new mansions View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for the tech industry View More Sponsored Content Realtor.com: The 5 biggest mistakes veteran and military home buyers make View More Financial News Executive stress on the rise for finance workers View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 February 2017 by Military News Laundry Care Market – Global Industry Size, Market Share, Trends, Analysis And Forecasts Upto 2018 Description Laundry care market is changing drastically since past few years as consumers have started finding value in their purchases. With US economy still recovering from economic downturn, many consumers are evaluating their purchasing habits to ensure that they obtain greatest value for their money. Increasing preference for scented laundry care products and allergenic/ green products, and development of new products is gaining consumer acceptance and accelerating the growth of laundry care industry. Most market segments are growing at more than 5% growth rate annually. Detergent liquid – the largest market segment of laundry care industry has undergone double digit growth. Download Research Brochure PDF@ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… With recovery from global economic downturn and increasing spending on personal hygiene, there is an increasing demand for laundry care products and this industry is expected to accelerate in developing nations in coming few years due to product innovations and reduction in prices because of increasing competition. Market Segmentation Based on Product Laundry Detergents Fabric Softeners Bleach Other Specialty Products Eco-Friendly Products This research report analyzes this market based on its market segments and major geographies. This research report provides complete analysis of major market segments, current market trends, factors driving market growth, restraints, industry structure, and market projections for upcoming years. This report also provides analysis of technological improvements in this industry, Porter’s five force model analysis, and complete company profiles of top market players. It provides review of micro and macro factors significant for existing market players and new entrants along with detailed value chain analysis. Geographies analyzed under this research study are North America Asia Pacific Europe Rest of the World Major Players Some of the key players dominating this market are Procter & Gamble, Unilever, The Clorox Company, The Dial Corporation, Church & Dwight, USA Detergents, Colgate-Palmolive Company Ltd., Reckitt Benckiser Inc., SC Johnson and Son Inc., Orange Glo International, Huish Detergents, and others. Browse Full Report@ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/laundry-care-market.html About Us:- Transparency Market Research is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Contact Us:- Transparency Market Research State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, Economy, Fashion, Lifestyle, Trends, force, Industry, intelligence, major, Markets, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 2017 to 2021 Global Shower Curtain Liner Market Research Report Next PostNext 2017 Prediction Energy Recovery Ventilators Market Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Notable Wednesday Option Activity: ASPS, GME, RCII Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: VSI, NFLX, EIGI Notable Wednesday Option Activity: DXCM, PBPB, STMP Notable Wednesday Option Activity: BG, SSTK, GLPI Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: BCC, LE, HIVE Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 February 2017 by Military News Hygiene Products Market: Detailed Information about Major Competitors and their Industry Strategies Description Some of the major factors driving the growth of hygiene products market are rising concerns about personal hygiene and product innovations. Although, feminine hygiene products share the maximum market size, men’s hygiene products are also growing in demand. This is opening new opportunities for the hygiene product manufacturers to develop innovative personal care products. This market is witnessing phenomenal growth since the past few years as a result of improvement in standards of living and the growth in public attention towards women’s health. Full-fledged advertising and commercialization are some of the recent trends influencing the growth of this industry. With new product innovations, this industry is graduating to a competitive environment with a number of manufacturers entering the market. The market is flooded with various hygiene products, and every product claims to offer comfort and varied designs. Download Research Brochure PDF@ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Market Segmentation Based on product type: Sanitary Pads/Towels Tampons Panty Liners This research report analyzes this market based on different market segments and major geographies like North America, Europe, the Asia-Pacific, and the Rest of the World. This report provides a comprehensive study of the current market trends, industry growth drivers, restraints, market structure, and market projections for the coming years. It also includes an analysis of the recent technological developments in the market, Porter’s five force model analysis, and detailed industry profiles of the top market players. It provides a review of the micro and macro factors significant for the existing market players and new entrants along with detailed value chain analysis. Some of the key players dominating this market are L’Oreal, Godrej, Johnson & Johnson, Kimberly Clark, P & G, Wintex, SCA, Lil-lets Group, Natracare Bodywise (UK) Ltd, PayChest Inc, Playtex Products, Procter & Gamble, Unicharm, Kao Corporation, and others. Browse Full Report@ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/hygiene-products-marke… About Us:- Transparency Market Research is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Contact Us:- Transparency Market Research State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized Tagsattention, Business, Companies, company, Environment, Fashion, Lifestyle, Trends, force, Health, Industry, intelligence, major, Markets, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Computer-aided Engineering Market – Industry Shares, Market Strategies And Key Players Next PostNext Data Center SAN Market to 2021 Major Manufacturers, Growth Factors, Industry Size Analysis Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Notable Wednesday Option Activity: ASPS, GME, RCII Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: VSI, NFLX, EIGI Notable Wednesday Option Activity: DXCM, PBPB, STMP Notable Wednesday Option Activity: BG, SSTK, GLPI Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: BCC, LE, HIVE Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 February 2017 by Military News Feminine Care Market – Global Industry Size, Share, Trends, Analysis, And Forecast Analysis Till 2018 Description Feminine care industry is loaded with intense competition, product innovation, changing consumer preferences and increasing consumer health concerns. The major challenge faced by this industry is its ability to maintain pace with the changing lifestyle, attitudes, and ideas of customers. Increasing adoption of physically active lifestyle among women is another significant factor driving the market growth. Use of innovative tampons and ultra thin sanitary pads is growing in demand as protection products as working women and adolescents are sporting figure hugging dresses, swimsuits, and spandex outfits. Worldwide, the feminine care market is experiencing tremendous growth since the past few years as a result of the growing consciousness for personal hygiene and healthcare. Download Research Brochure PDF@ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… America, Europe and the Asia-Pacific collectively account for over 80% of the feminine hygiene products market. The Asia-Pacific market with its vast population is one of the fastest growing regions for feminine care products. Technology innovations and better user safety is driving the sanitary pads segment as a popular feminine care product worldwide. Market Segmentation Segmentation Based on Products Sanitary Pads Internal Cleansers Pant liners and Shields Tampons Disposable Razors and Blades This research report on the feminine care industry includes an analysis of its market segments and major geographies. This report includes a comprehensive analysis of the current industry trends, market growth drivers, restraints, market structure, and market projections for the coming years. It also includes an analysis of the technological expansion of the market, Porter’s five force model analysis, and complete company profiles of the top industry players. It provides a review of the micro and macro factors significant with respect to the new entrants and existing market players. Major geographies analyzed under this research report are: Europe North America Asia-Pacific Rest of the World Major Players Some of the key players dominating this market are Procter & Gamble, Johnson & Johnson, Kimberly-Clark Corporation, Asda, Body Shop, Boots, Co-Op/Somerfield, Lloyds, Morrisons, Sainsbury’s, Saver, Superdrug, Tesco, Waitrose, Ahold, Costco, Delhaize, Kroger, Loblaw, Publix, Safeway, Wal-Mart, and others. Browse Full Report@ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/feminine-care-market.html About Us:- Transparency Market Research is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Contact Us:- Transparency Market Research State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, Fashion, Lifestyle, Trends, force, Health, Industry, intelligence, Lifestyle, major, Markets, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Data Center SAN Market to 2021 Major Manufacturers, Growth Factors, Industry Size Analysis Next PostNext Physical Vapor Deposition Market – Strong Growth Witnessed Outlook By 2016 – 2024 Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Situs Selected as Loan Servicer, Facility and Security Agent to Loan Portfolio Acquired by Colony Northstar, Inc., in Ireland Qumu Adds FocalCast Integration for Enterprise-Grade Recording and Streaming of Collaboration Sessions London & Partners: London Tech Week Unveils Headline Events for Europe’s Largest Festival of Tech New ‘Open Source Days’ Program Launches as Part of OpenStack Summit in Boston Apetit Oyj:n tilinpäätöstiedotteen 2016 julkistaminen ja kutsu tiedotustilaisuuteen Proudly powered by WordPress
Politics | Arts & Entertainment | Style & Design | Business & Technology | Search for: Submit Observer New Jersey Politics Politics National New York New Jersey International Editorials Arts & Entertainment Art Movies Music Performing Arts TV Style & Design Fashion Food & Drink Health & Wellness Home Design Real Estate Travel Business & Technology Deals Innovators Internet Culture Media Startups Subscribe to Newsletters Rodney Frelinghuysen Has Quietly Become NJ’s Most Powerful Congressman Spotlight allergic representative now chairs the Appropriations Committee By Ken Kurson • 02/12/17 1:15pm Congressman Rodney Frelinghuysen is New Jersey’s most powerful representative since Peter Rodino chaired the Judiciary Committee during Watergate. US House of Representatives The Frelinghuysen name is so golden in New Jersey that it made its way into the ultimate arbiter of Garden State authenticity—The Sopranos. Season 4 opens with Tony and Assemblyman Zellman meeting to discuss the Esplanade project and its effects on real estate prices. When Zellman informs him that he’s “grabbing up parcels along Frelinghuysen Ave through a shell company,” Tony recalls that Uncle Junior owns a warehouse on the same street. Just as Frelinghuysen Avenue has seen Newark and New Jersey evolve, so too has U.S. Rep. Rodney Frelinghuysen (R-Harding) waited patiently for his moment to shine. It looks to have arrived. Frelinghuysen has reached the zenith of a long political career after last month assuming the chairmanship of the ultra-influential House Appropriations Committee, putting him in charge of who gets money in the federal budget over the next two years. New Jersey political junkies may recall that he held a similar position in the late 80s while serving as a member of the State Assembly—the idea of a Republican majority in Trenton is quaint, but that actually happened. Frelinghuysen’s ascension to this powerful position—the first New Jerseyan ever to hold the chair—makes him the most powerful New Jersey congressman since Peter Rodino chaired the Judiciary Committee during Watergate. Now some Democrats are plotting to unseat him. While Frelinghuysen supremacy in Washington has been on an upward trajectory, his electoral potency in New Jersey’s 11th district has  actually diminished. He was re-elected to a twelfth term last November with 58% of the vote against West Orange lawyer Joe Wenzel, a political neophyte with no money or base. With Hillary Clinton at the top of the ticket and running away with the New Jersey vote, it was Frelinghuysen’s weakest showing since he won his House seat in 1994. Last week, the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee put Frelinghuysen on its target list. What has national Democrats suddenly interested in a traditionally strong GOP district are the presidential numbers: Trump beat Clinton by less than a percentage point (48.8%-47.9%), after Romney beat Obama by about six points. The recent drop of Frelinghuysen’s electoral prowess stems from congressional redistricting. In 2012, he took on some heavily Democratic towns in Essex, like the norther part of liberal haven of Montclair, as well as West Orange and Bloomfield. Frelinghuysen has actually held his own in some Essex towns of his district – he wins Nutley and Livingston. New Jersey Democrats have a little bit of a bench: Essex County Freeholder-At-Large Brendan Gill, who managed campaigns for Frank Lautenberg and Cory Booker (and is now Phil Murphy’s campaign manager) is from Montclair. But don’t count on Murphy, if he’s elected governor, to pick a fight with the man who controls the federal purse strings. A name worth knowing: Rodney Frelinghuysen is the third suggestion Google provides when ‘Rodney’ is entered. Google screencap The more important thing to keep an eye on is 2022: House Republicans have term-limits on committee chairmanships (a gift from Newt Gingrich and his Contract with America). That means Frelinghuysen, who will be 76, is scheduled to return to the back benches in six years—when congressional districts are redrawn. Many veteran House members choose to retire rather than face the sudden ignominy that accompanies handing over the gavel to someone else. Frelinghuysen might prefer retirement than the process of learning the geography and meeting the voters of a new district, both in a primary where conservatives might not like a man whose job is to dole out federal money, and in a general, if Democrats decide to keep adding Democratic geography. If Frelinghuysen really does retire in six years, it will set up an epic fight between Republicans—like Jay Webber, Tony Bucco and maybe even first son Andrew Christie. And Democrats can be counted on to try to export voters from nearby seats that rack up 90% totals in an attempt to pick up the seat. No discussion about Rodney Frelinghuysen is complete without a nod to his political history, which goes back to the days of the founding fathers. A campaign banner of Theodore Frelinghuysen, the Senator and former president of both New York University and Rutgers who was Henry Clay’s running mate in the 1844 presidential election, hangs in Rodney’s Washington office. Rodney’s father, Peter Frelinghuysen—actually, Peter Hood Ballantine Frelinghuysen II, and in case you’re not impressed enough by that name, Rodney’s mother was Beatrice Sterling Procter, as in Procter and Gamble—was only 58 when he voluntarily retired from the Morris County House seat in 1974, despite having recently become the ranking minority member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee during his eleventh term in Congress. This banner, commemorating the vice presidential candidacy of Theodore Frelinghuysen in 1944 hangs in the office of his great great great nephew Rodney Frelinghuysen. public domain Rodney himself entered the House without having to win the tough primary that always accompanies a safe seat. In 1990, he ran in what was then the 12th District against eventual winner Dick Zimmer and former Giants wide receiver Phil McConkey. During that race, Frelinghuysen correctly predicted that Zimmer’s consultant, Larry Weitzner, would portray him as “an irrelevant debutante” as the Philadelphia Inquirer put it, and sent out a pre-emptive 7-minute VHS tape to introduce him to Republican voters. Unfortunately, the tactic only underscored the impression that he was trying to buy the race and Frelinghuysen came in third place. Then in 1994, he caught a break. Congressman Dean Gallo, six-term incumbent in the 11th, where 1990 redistricting now placed Frelinghuysen, beat back a tough challenge from three opponents in the Contract With America year. Gallo, who had been a mentor to Frelinghuysen when they served together as Morris County freeholders and in the Assembly, then had to withdraw because of a diagnosis of terminal prostate cancer. Essentially from his deathbed, Gallo asked the committee members to name Frelinghuysen his replacement and he went on to crush Democratic State Senator Frank Herbert  by more than 40 points in the general. Despite his lineage and country club demeanor, Frelinghuysen has proven impressively resistant to primary challenge. In three recent attempts, including the tea party year of 2010, the congressman knocked back challengers by 30 or more points. The conclusion: Rodney Frelinghuysen will likely leave Congress when he’s ready, on his own terms. In the meantime, New Jerseyans might just be the better off for having someone of his stature controlling the nation’s checkbook. Up Next‘Legion’ Recap 2×02: Is Dan Stevens this Century’s Nicolas Cage? Article continues below More from Culture ‘Legion’ Recap 2×02: Is Dan Stevens this Century’s Nicolas Cage? Must Reads Up Next‘Legion’ Recap 2×02: Is Dan Stevens this Century’s Nicolas Cage? Observer About Newsletters Advertise Contact Privacy Terms Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News BUDGET 2017 Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio BLink Agri Business Logistics Macro Economy Policy Q3: Corporates shrug off note ban to ring in better sales, profits Parvatha Vardhini C BL Research Bureau comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet Firms rein in costs even as commodities turn pricey February 12, 2017:   Listed companies have shrugged off the effect of demonetisation in the third quarter ended December 2016. The 1,700-odd companies considered for this analysis recorded a healthy year-on-year net sales growth of 9.1 per cent in the October-December 2016 period. This is an improvement over the 5 per cent y-o-y growth in top-line seen in the three months ended September 2016. At 29.8 per cent, profit in the December quarter grew at a much faster clip than the 13.6 per cent recorded in the September quarter. Most companies were able to ward off the impact of rising input prices, through cost-control efforts. Banking and finance companies have been excluded for this analysis. Consolidated numbers have been taken wherever applicable. Led by industrials The note ban impact was apparent in some consumer-oriented sectors — such as automobiles, FMCGs, media and entertainment, paints and retail — which recorded low growth of less than 1 per cent to 4 per cent in the December quarter. With rural India badly affected by the cash crunch, many companies reported low sales. For instance, Hero MotoCorp, which derives bulk the of its revenues from entry-level bikes sold in the rural areas, witnessed a sharp 12 per cent drop in sales. Hindustan Unilever, which derives 45-50 per cent of its revenues from rural areas, put up a lacklustre show. Companies in the fertilisers space saw a 15 per cent fall in sales. The disappointing performance on this front was made up by commodity producers. Strengthening Chinese demand and US President Donald Trump’s promise to up infrastructure spends in the US saw prices of many metals such as steel, zinc, lead, copper move up briskly. Crude oil too reversed from its lows of about $30 a barrel seen earlier in 2016. Hence, improved realisations aided sectors such as steel, non-ferrous metals, and mining and minerals. Hindustan Zinc, for instance, recorded a 46 per cent y-o-y rise in net sales in this quarter compared with a 11 per cent y-o-y drop in the previous quarter. Steel producers such as SAIL, JSW Steel, Kalyani Steels and refineries also reported good numbers. Certain urban-centric discretionary segments such as cars and consumer durables did well too. Cushion for profit growth Apart from the 17 per cent growth in ‘other income’ — that is, income from non-core operations such as treasury and/or sale of assets — strong double-digit growth in profit posted by commodities and refineries/oil explorers also helped boost overall profit growth. Tata Steel, for example, turned around, from a loss of ₹2,750 crore in the December 2015 quarter to a ₹232-crore profit now. BHEL, too, followed suit, thanks to good growth in the power segment. What also helped was the fact that many companies were able to rein in costs, despite the uptrend in commodity prices. Companies with strong demand such as Maruti Suzuki passed on this rise, through price increases. Others such as Colgate-Palmolive, Marico, P&G, and Emami cut advertising spends. Raw material costs as a percentage of sales for the 1,700-odd companies stayed at around 55 per cent in both the current quarter and in the year-ago period. Improved operating leverage from better top-line growth and cost control helped operating profit grow by 23.6 per cent and operating margins improve by 190 basis points year-on-year, to 15.5 per cent. However, considering that many corporates negotiate material supplies in advance, the full effect of the rise in commodity prices may show up with a lag in the fourth quarter. With the note ban impact expected to wane by the end of this fiscal, listed companies catering to the domestic economy may see greater traction in sales. On the export front, sectors such as software and pharma continued to log 8-10 per cent growth both in sales and profits in the third quarter. But there pressures may mount going forward, given the increasing call for protectionism in key markets such as the US. (This article was published on February 12, 2017) Post Comment Related NEWS Demonetisation: Big businesses will emerge stronger, says Tata MF’s Ritesh Jain Reliance MF beats demonetisation blues; AUM up 25% Housing sales fell 40% post demonetisation: PropTiger Cement demand halves in Nov on demonetisation What has changed for banks post demonetisation Top telcos’ numbers drop on RJio effect Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Budget 2017-18 highlights Following are the highlights of Union Budget 2017—18, presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament today: Tax rates halved to 5% for income of Rs 2.5-5 lakh, tax slabs unchanged 10% surcharge on people earning between Rs 50 lakh-1 cr 15% surcharge on annual income above Rs 1 cr to continue Cash transactions above Rs 3 lakh banned Corporate tax for SMEs with turnover up to Rs 50 cr cut to 25%; 96% companies to benefit Customs duty of LNG halved to 2.5% Fiscal deficit pegged at 3.2% next year, 3% in FY’19 Political parties barred from accepting cash donation beyond Rs 2,000 per individual. They can receive donations via cheques, electronic mode; electoral bonds to be issued by RBI Aadhaar—based health cards for senior citizens; a scheme for them to ensure 8 per cent guaranteed returns FIPB to be abolished; further FDI policy liberalisation Government to have time-bound procedure for CPSE listing Railway PSUs —— IRCTC, IRFC, IRCON to be listed Payment Regulatory Board to be set up within RBI to regulate digital payments Negotiable instruments Act to be amended to deal with cheque bounce cases Legislative changes to confiscate of assets of economic offenders who flee country Demonetisation bold, decisive measure; to help GDP growth, taxes mop up to rise Effect of demonetisation not to spill over to next year GST, demonetisation ‘tectonic changes’ for economy Service charges on e—tickets booked via IRCTC waived Capital expenditure of Railway fixed at Rs 1.31 lakh cr Rail safety fund of Rs 1 lakh cr over 5 years, unmanned level crossing to be eliminated by 2020 Budget based on 3 agenda —— Transform, Energise, Clean India (TECIndia). 3 year period for long—term capital gains tax on immovable property reduced to 2 years; base year indexation shifted from April 1, 1981 to April 1, 2001 Disinvestment target at Rs 72,500 cr, up from 56,500 crore Gross market borrowing pegged at Rs 6.05 lakh crore Duty exempted on POS machines and Iris readers for encouraging digital payments Tax benefits for Start ups to be for 3 out of 7 years FPI to be exempt from indirect transfer provision Integrated public sector oil major to be created to match global giants Direct Tax collection growth 15.8%, indirect tax 8.3% Total expenditure pegged at Rs 21.47 lakh crore Capital expenditure up 24%; to have multiplier effect Allocation to states hiked to Rs 4.11 cr FRBM Committee suggests Debt—GDP ratio of 60% by 2020 Retail inflation to remain within 2—6 pc 2 new AIIMS to come up in Jharkhand, Gujarat Highest ever allocation of Rs 48,000 cr to MNREGA Farm sector to grow at 4.1% this fiscal, to double farm income in five years Farm credit target for next fiscal at Rs 10 lakh crore Fasal Bima yojana increased to 40% of crop area; raised to Rs 1.41 lakh crore in Kharif 2017 season Infrastructure investment pegged at Rs 3.96 lakh cr To double irrigation fund corpus to Rs 40,000 cr Infrastructure status accorded affordable housing Dairy processing fund with Rs 2000cr corpus to be set up Rs 1.84 lakh cr allocated for women, child initiatives Rs 1.87 lakh cr allocated to rural, agri, allied sectors 1 crore houses by 2019 for homeless PM Awas Yojana allocation up from Rs 15,000 cr to Rs 23,000 cr 100% village electrification to be achieved by May 2018 Rs 31,920 cr allocated for Scheduled Tribes, Rs 4,195 cr minority affairs, outcome based budgeting to start Road sector allocation hiked to Rs 64,000 cr Innovation Fund to be created for Secondary Education Allocation of Rs 2.41 lakh crore rail, road, shipping to create jobs, spur economic activity New metro rail policy to be announced New crude oil reserves proposed at Odisha and Rajasthan; to take strategic reserve capacity to 15.33 mmt India on cusp of digital revolution FDI increased 35% to Rs 1.45 lakh crore in H1 FY’17 2 new schemes —— Referral Bonus for individuals, Cash Back for merchants —— under BHIM app soon Aadhaar enabled payment system for merchants shortly Bill on curtailing menace of illicit deposit schemes in offing Fiscal deficit for this fiscal at 3.2%, down from budget estimate of 3.5% FRBM Committee recommends 3% fiscal deficit for 3 years Rs 10,000 cr to be provided to banks for recapitalisation Trade Infrastructure for Export Scheme (TIES) to be launched next fiscal Simple 1 page form to be filled by individuals having taxable income of Rs 5 lakh Excise duty on cigars, cheroots hiked to 12.5% or Rs 4,006 per thousand Excise duty on pan masala hiked to 9% from 6%; on raw tobacco raised to 8.3% from 4% Parts used for manufacture of LED lights to attract basic customs duty of 5% and CVD of 6% Solar tempered glass used for manufacture of solar cells/panels exempted from customs duty Customs duty on printed circuit board for manufacture of mobile phones hiked to 2% from nil Threshold for audit of businesses opting for presumptive income doubled to Rs 2 cr Under presumptive taxation for professionals up to Rs 50 lakh advance tax can be paid in one instalment Scope of domestic transfer pricing restricted to entities availing profit linked deduction Presumptive tax would be 6% for SMEs with Rs 2 crore turnover opting for digital payment, 8% for others MAT credit will be allowed to be carried forward for 15 years, as against 10 years at present Lending target under Mudra Yojana set at Rs 2.44 lakh cr Computer Emergency Response Team for Financial Sector to be established Extensive reach out programme for GST to be launched on April 1. India a bright spot in world economic landscape, to be engine of global growth. More... Tweet VIDEO Video: The Brexit debate, explained more videos» Columnists Ashima Goyal Chitra Narayanan C.P. Chandrasekhar and Jayati Ghosh Aarati Krishnan Gnanasekaar T C. Gopinath Mohan Murti Narendar Pani G. Parthasarathy Raghuvir Srinivasan Rasheeda Bhagat D. Sampathkumar R Srinivasan Thomas K Thomas Vidya Ram VIDEO Economic Survey in 5 points Watch to know the key points made by India’s Chief Economic Adviser Arvind Subramanian in the Economic Survey. more videos» VIDEO A quick guide to the Budget documents The biggest and most important day for Indian economy is here. On Feb 1, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley will present the Budget. Here’s a brief guide on the how to read the Budget documents and what they contain.... more videos» MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED No more extravagant wedding? Bill in Lok Sabha seeks cap on guests, spending Big Bank Theory: Merger of SBI, associates cleared Airbus signs MoU for setting up centre of excellence in Hyderabad Taxman to clamp down on charitable trusts Exports rise for the fifth month in a row in Jan We don't have time to implement offsets under present Rafale order: Thales Govt approves 31 ‘contract areas’ after marginal oil field auction ICAI may ‘temporarily suspend’ erring members Voith upbeat on India, region; mulls third plant Govt sees record foodgrain output at 271.98 mt DATA BANK Cross Currency Rate Indian Rupees Australian Dollar Canadian Dollar Danish Kroner Euro Hong Kong Dollar Indonesian Rupiah Japanese Yen New Zealand Dollar Norwegian Kroner Pound Sterling Singapore Dollar South Korean Won Swadish Kroner Swiss Franc Thai Baht US Dollar Chinese Yuan Arab Emirates Dirham Exchange Rate Dollar Spot Forward Rate Open-Ended Mutual Funds MCX-SX Currency Futures NSE Currency Futures LATEST NEWS TCS board to meet next week to consider share buyback 7 min. ago PSG Instt of Medical Sciences to hold seminar on good design 8 min. ago Realty, healthcare stocks push Sensex up 158 points 17 min. ago Essar to invest Rs 10,000 crore for setting up 1,200-MW power plant in Jharkhand 22 min. ago Mehbooba Mufti to expand Council of Ministers 25 min. ago More » O P E N close Recent Article in Economy Thailand seeks early decision from India on proposed free trade pact With US, EU gripped by uncertainty, Bangkok looks towards Asian partners » Business Line: Home | News | BUDGET 2017 | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Columns posted: 2/12/2017 7:00 AM Will we see more gender-themed ads like Audi's Super Bowl spot? Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close Video: Audi ad "Daughter" One of the most-discussed ads during the Super Bowl was an Audi ad about the gender pay gap, featuring a dad watching his little girl competing in a cart race and questioning whether she'd be compensated equally when she grows up. "What do I tell my daughter?" the narrator asks. The spot was both praised and pilloried. Courtesy Audi USA   Jena McGregor     One of the most-discussed ads during the Super Bowl was not about football, beer or food. It was an Audi ad about the gender pay gap, featuring a dad watching his little girl competing in a cart race and questioning whether she'd be compensated equally when she grows up. "What do I tell my daughter?" the narrator asks. The spot was praised and pilloried. "Lean In" author Sheryl Sandberg, posting about it on Facebook, said "now more than ever, we need ads like this which push back on gender stereotypes," while high-profileTwitter users and consumers hailed the ad for its message. related advertisement   But it also received heaping criticism, with more dislikes than likes on YouTube and, as of late last week, more negative than positive comments, according to a research firm cited by The Wall Street Journal, many of them questioning the basis of a gender pay gap. "This whole commercial is based off a lie," one wrote on YouTube. "Women don't make less than men. Total propaganda." (The gender wage gap is a complex topic, which can be primarily explained by differences in industry and occupation choice, hours worked, and gaps for taking time off to have children. But researchers have also repeatedly found that part of the gap that remains is "unexplained" or unaccounted for by any of these factors.) The brouhaha over Audi's "Daughter" spot provided a data point to those wondering how the "femvertising" trend of recent years -- the move by brands like Dove, Always and Pantene to embrace gender empowerment themes in their ads -- might fare in the aftermath of such a divisive presidential campaign and amid heightened politicization of seemingly any corporate speech. Brands, after all, now find themselves navigating two different movements: Consumers are threatening boycotts and backlash any time a brand wades into seemingly political turf, while voices from the right appear emboldened after the election, criticizing topics that invited much less public controversy in the past. Yet at the same time, the worldwide Women's March provided a massive counterpoint, demonstrating a powerful force and dynamic response that have elevated women's issues in the national conversation. Former Wall Street executive Sallie Krawcheck pointed to both in a recent interview. On the one hand, she's found online comments to her writing on gender issues transformed from professional and polite before the election to angry and contradictory after it was over. Yet in surveys of professional women, she's also seen them say again and again that they want to take action. "There seems to be sort of an awakening, not just from the election, that we didn't make as much progress as we thought we did," she told The Washington Post in January. "There's a different energy among professional women right now." Samantha Skey, president and chief revenue officer of SheKnows Media, a digital media company that run an awards program for such women-focused campaigns, thinks such ads will continue for brands where it makes sense. "It's just going to invite more discussion because it's going to seem political," she says. Internal efforts to improve gender diversity at agencies, combined with the long-term trend of brands being armed with more and more data to reach their target customers, could also play a role in their expansion. "There is no middle right now," Skey says. Susie Nam, chief operating officer at Droga5, the agency behind Under Armour's "I Will What I Want" women's campaign, agrees the trend will continue. "I think there will be more of it," she says. The brands that succeed will be those that tap into "a really deep-rooted emotional core" and "deep insights about how we're socialized to behave in a certain way," rather simply latching onto the latest marketing trend. She cites the "Like a Girl" campaign for Procter & Gamble's Always feminine products as one example that embraced the concept credibly. "If you can get to that level of insight, where there's no dispute, it becomes interesting." While ads explicitly focused on gender issues will continue, they could also become more subtle, where a female CEO is featured, say, but equality is not the core theme. " 'Normvertising' is probably what's going to come next," Skey said. Meanwhile, young 'Generation Z' consumers remain concerned about discrimination issues of other groups, too. "I think the Women's March is an opening in a lot of ways, not only for 'femvertising,' but an embrace of non-marginalization," Skey said. Both Nam and Skey note that structural changes in advertising agencies could also be a catalyst. Skey points to General Mills, which began pressuring the agencies it works with to have more gender-balanced teams last year. And Nam said that internal work at agencies like her own to confront unconscious biases, particularly in a male-dominated industry, is likely to create more awareness of those issues in the work they produce. Asking questions like " 'why did I think, when we need gravitas in that CEO, that it needed to be a man?' start to permeate the work that gets out into the world. It's an inside-out effort," she says. A spokeswoman for Audi of America could not confirm whether the carmaker has a policy like General Mills' in place, but pointed to other gender initiatives at the company. The company signed the Obama White House's Equal Pay Pledge, has instituted a graduate internship program where 50 percent of enrollment must be female, and has made other external efforts to grow female leaders in fields such as science and the arts. Still, some critics noted that Audi's executive team is largely male, with just two women on its senior leadership team in the United States and no women on its global management board. In an emailed statement, Audi of America vice president of marketing Loren Angelo said "we also will put aggressive hiring and development strategies in place to increase the number of women in our workforce, at all levels." Budweiser faced similar questions about its senior management team and internal practices when it launched a campaign last year featuring comedians Amy Schumer and Seth Rogen sounding off about equal pay. Though that may read to some as hypocritical, Skey thinks Audi's message will still likely resonate with its upscale target customer. "If you see a middle-of-the-road brand approaching this strategy, it is more risky," she says. "I don't doubt that Audi did this with eyes wide open about who it was going to alienate and who it was going to ingratiate." Tweet This article filed under: Business Television McGregor, Jena Video Washington Post Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
Politics | Arts & Entertainment | Style & Design | Business & Technology | Search for: Submit Observer Politics National New York New Jersey International Editorials Arts & Entertainment Art Movies Music Performing Arts TV Style & Design Fashion Food & Drink Health & Wellness Home Design Real Estate Travel Business & Technology Deals Innovators Internet Culture Media Startups Subscribe to Newsletters Last Week Was a Beta Is Twitter the Most Powerful Money Loser of All Time? Analysis: Twitter still lost money during an election season when the service was a major part of the story nearly every day By Brady Dale • 02/13/17 1:25pm President Donald Trump speaks during a meeting with Intel CEO Brian Krzanich at the White House February 8, 2017. Krzanich announced an investment of $7 billion to build a factory in Chandler, Arizona. Chris Kleponis-Pool/Getty Images This post is from “Last Week Was a Beta,” the Innovation channel’s technology news week in review. It must be frustrating running Twitter. Last week, Intel announced it would spend $7 billion on a factory in Arizona because it’s afraid of the President’s tweets. In fairness, it didn’t announce that it was afraid of his tweets, but that’s how it looks. Ever since the then president-elect’s wrestling match with Carrier over a factory relocation, primarily conducted via the microblog, big companies have been cautious about announcing moves against American workers. Intel, for its part, seems to have picked a way to get out ahead of any presidential ire. Not only did it not announce any firings, it went out of its way to let the president be seen getting credit for adding jobs. This looks like what financiers would call a hedge. Odds are, Intel knows it might later make moves the president doesn’t like, but the president might be less inclined to call the chipmaker out after he and its CEO have shared this special moment. CEOs hesitated to speak up until they knew they wouldn’t have to go it alone. If they’d condemned it one by one, they knew there would be tweeted consequences. Intel would probably quibble with this characterization of its decision, but here’s what’s clear: the company announced the factory investment in an Oval Office press conference coordinated with the president, as The New York Times reported. This president has been one of the most ardent users of his office’s bully pulpit in recent memory, and Twitter has been a great tool for him to work applying that public pressure into his day. He doesn’t have to organize a speech, call a press conference or even step out of his office. All he has to do is pick up his mobile and type a message out. It doesn’t always work, though. The president also went after Nordstrom last week for dropping his daughter, Ivanka Trump’s, clothing line. In the end, the retail chain seems to have come out ahead in the altercation, but who wins and who loses in a social media tête-à-tête with the commander-in-chief comes down to who a company’s customers are, as Bloomberg explained. It’s also worth adding that Intel probably also coordinated with the president in order to score points as the White House pursues major policy changes, such as a complete restructuring of how corporate taxes work. For example, House Republicans have been actively pressing the administration to consider changing America’s tax structure away from a profit-oriented tax and focusing solely on money earned inside the US border. Multinationals like Intel would want a place at the table as deals like this get considered. Theater like last week’s factory announcement gives the company a bargaining chip for access. But Intel, like every other major company, also doesn’t want to be the target of a Trump tweet storm. We saw that reticence a week ago as the tech industry finally came out as one condemning the president’s immigration order. CEOs hesitated to speak up until they knew they wouldn’t have to go it alone. If they’d condemned it one by one, they knew there would be tweeted consequences. Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey. Bill Pugliano/Getty Images So if the service is so powerful, why can’t it make money? Twitter earnings for the last quarter came out last week. Not only did it miss its target by $23 million, it lost $167 million. These steep losses came during Twitter’s prime time: the US presidential election. Twitter’s fiscal year runs the calendar year. It’s fourth quarter started on September 30, according to Yahoo Finance. During the election, Twitter was in the news nearly every day thanks the new President’s frequent tweeting during the campaign. If Twitter can’t make money during its prime time, when can it make money? In fact, Twitter lost $457 million for the year. Contrast it with the news from Facebook last week. Facebook turned 12 this month, but has only now finally showed signs of actually letting its customers verify the statistics the company uses to charge them. Last week, we reported on very public remarks by an executive of Procter & Gamble who said the company just won’t buy ads on sites that don’t have a third party verifying their statistics. Those remarks seem to have hit home. Menlo Park announced plans to give its advertisers more confidence in its numbers, but even with frustration growing, Facebook still makes lots of money. So even with bungled numbers and frustration in corporate America was turning against it, the world’s dominant social network ended the last quarter of 2016 with $3.5 billion in net income. That’s pretty good, but it’s still half as much as Intel plans to spend because (at least in part) it doesn’t want the White House sending any derogatory tweets its way. Seen in that light, one has to wonder if CEO Jack Dorsey isn’t sitting around asking himself how he can get in on his own company’s action. Up Next‘Legion’ Recap 2×02: Is Dan Stevens this Century’s Nicolas Cage? Article continues below More from Culture ‘Legion’ Recap 2×02: Is Dan Stevens this Century’s Nicolas Cage? Must Reads Up Next‘Legion’ Recap 2×02: Is Dan Stevens this Century’s Nicolas Cage? Observer About Newsletters Advertise Contact Privacy Terms Powered by WordPress.com VIP
