skip to main content Connecting You to a World of Ideas Site Menu Donate Menu Home News Howard Wilkinson: Politics and More Politics Cincinnati City Council Hamilton County Commission Focus on Technology Ohio Statehouse News Bureau StateImpact Education WCPO News Cincinnati Around Cincinnati Cincinnati Edition John Kiesewetter: Media Beat Local Specials Community Calendar Music XPoNential Radio The Blues with Lee Hay Jazz with OT Swing with Bill Cartwright Song-of-the-Day Support Thank You Gifts Sponsorships Become a Sustaining Member Update Your Information Donate Your Car Volunteer Gifts of Stock Bequests / Planned Giving Charitable Gift Annuities Joseph-Beth Gives Back Program Contests Ways To Connect Our Programs Program Schedule Listen Live Subscribe to Email Podcast Central HD Radio Facebook Twitter Instagram Contact Us Search Menu Home News Howard Wilkinson: Politics and More Politics Cincinnati City Council Hamilton County Commission Focus on Technology Ohio Statehouse News Bureau StateImpact Education WCPO News Cincinnati Around Cincinnati Cincinnati Edition John Kiesewetter: Media Beat Local Specials Community Calendar Music XPoNential Radio The Blues with Lee Hay Jazz with OT Swing with Bill Cartwright Song-of-the-Day Support Thank You Gifts Sponsorships Become a Sustaining Member Update Your Information Donate Your Car Volunteer Gifts of Stock Bequests / Planned Giving Charitable Gift Annuities Joseph-Beth Gives Back Program Contests Ways To Connect Our Programs Program Schedule Listen Live Subscribe to Email Podcast Central HD Radio Facebook Twitter Instagram Contact Us Search P&G Sells 'People's Choice Awards' After 35 Years To E! Channel By John Kiesewetter • 9 hours ago TweetShareGoogle+Email Jennifer Lopez on the red carpet before the 2017 "People's Choice Award" Jan. 18. CBS Broadcasting Inc. After 35 years, Procter & Gamble has sold the "People's Choice Awards" to the E! Entertainment cable channel. E!, which telecasts live from the red carpet before many Hollywood award shows, will air the show in 2018. NBCUniversal, which owns E!, will produce the show through its Wilshire Studios, which produces E!’s live red carpet shows. P&G, which used all the national advertising spots in the show to promote its products, sold the TV awards show and its vast digital, social and voting platforms for $8 million to $10 million, according to the New York Times. Tom Hanks with his award for 2017 Favorite Dramatic Actor. Credit CBS Broadcasting Inc. The People's Choice Awards program was created by Bob Stivers, who produced the first show in 1975  (when "The Sting" was favorite picture and  favorite film leads were John Wayne and Barbra Streisand). Procter & Gamble bought the show from Stivers in 1982, when the Cincinnati-based consumer products giant had a very active TV production office in Los Angeles which made over 50 TV movies and miniseries, and a New York office overseeing production of P&G's weekday soap operas. In 2010, P&G canceled its last soap, "As The World Turns," after 54 years. At the time, the company noted that its "Guiding Light" soap opera, canceled in 2009 after 72 years, holds the Guinness World Record for the longest running show in broadcast history. "Big Bang Theory" cast members Kaley Cuoco, Kunal Nayyar, Melissa Rauch, Simon Helberg, Mayim Bialik, and Johnny Galecki in the audience for the 2017 telecast. Credit CBS Broadcasting Inc. "People's Choice Awards" ratings peaked in 1977, for the third annual "People's Choice Awards," with 35.2 million viewers, when "Star Wars" was the favorite picture, according to Wikipedia. The 2017 "People's Choice Awards" hosted by Joel McHale on Jan. 18, hit an all- time low with a 1.2 rating with adults 18-49, the networks' target advertising demographic, and 6.6 million viewers.  The 2016 January telecast drew a 1.3 rating.  Mark Burnett ("Survivor," "Celebrity Apprentice," "Shark Tank") produced the show for CBS. Sarah Jessica Parker with her 2017 Favorite Premium Actress award. Credit CBS Broadcasting Inc. “The 'People’s Choice Awards' is a natural extension for E!, and we are excited to evolve and supercharge this fan-centered event for the next generation in a way that only E! can," said Adam Stotsky, E! president,  in the news release Thursday. "Over two decades ago, E! created the red carpet experience and became the leading destination for fans on Hollywood's biggest nights.  With this acquisition, we are harnessing our entertainment authority, live event expertise and huge multi-platform reach to take fans beyond the red carpet and offer a true end to end consumer experience,” he said. Nearly 300 million votes were cast before the CBS telecast this year. "The People's Choice Awards" is the only major awards show voted on entirely by the public for fan favorites in movies, music, television and digital. In 2018, the "People’s Choice Awards" will air globally across E!’s 17 international channels reaching 153 countries in 24 languages, the network said. Ratings for award shows have dropped in recent years due to the ever-increasing proliferation of video alternatives. The Oscars had its second-lowest viewership on ABC in February, and the Emmys had its smallest viewership last September for the second consecutive year, the New York Times reported. Ratings for National Football League games also dropped last fall, the Times noted. Deadline noted that the Daytime Emmy Awards, after low ratings, moved to cable – and eventually to the web. Tags:  Media Beat John Kiesewetter TVKiese Procter & Gamble P&G People's Choice Award E! Entertainment NBCUniversal Tom Hanks John Wayne TweetShareGoogle+Email View the discussion thread. Related Content Lisa Wells Pleads Guilty To Drug Possession, Enters Diversionary Program By John Kiesewetter • Apr 5, 2017 Attorney and former WLW-AM weekend talk show host Lisa Wells has pleaded guilty to four felony counts of drug possession to enter an "in lieu of conviction" treatment program in Miami County Common Pleas Court in Troy, Ohio. The West Chester Township resident was stopped for "driving recklessly" on Interstate 75 near Piqua, north of Dayton, on Jan. 25, 2016. © 2017 WVXU Cincinnati Public Radio About Us Program Schedule Our Community Calendar Contact Us WVXU's Democracy and Me for Educators Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Blade Vault, Reprints Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education Weekly Ads Friday, Apr 07, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Story not found The story you are looking for can't be found. The reason is that the story Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Procter & Gamble Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Renaissance Technologies LLC Has $4,482,000 Stake in Pattern Energy Group Inc (PEGI) Fund Evaluation Group LLC Has $211,000 Position in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) 22,183 Shares in AT&T Inc. (T) Acquired by Marietta Wealth Management LLC Chevron Co. (CVX) Shares Bought by Sand Hill Global Advisors LLC Sand Hill Global Advisors LLC Acquires 2,047 Shares of AT&T Inc. (T) Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Has $117,000 Stake in ANI Pharmaceuticals Inc (ANIP) Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Raises Stake in STMicroelectronics NV (STM) Blue Buffalo Pet Products Inc (BUFF) Position Raised by Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Hibbett Sports, Inc. (HIBB) Shares Sold by Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates Buy Rating for Rapid7 Inc (RPD) IMPINJ’s (PI) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Royal Bank of Canada McDermott International (MDR) Given a $9.00 Price Target at Scotiabank Raytheon Company (RTN) Given Buy Rating at Credit Suisse Group AG Vetr Inc. Lowers Wells Fargo & Co (WFC) to Hold Apple Inc. (AAPL) Given New $165.00 Price Target at Canaccord Genuity Weekly Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Cara Therapeutics (CARA) Weekly Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Cara Therapeutics (CARA) Financial Institutions, Inc. (FISI) Shares Sold by Fmr LLC Axiom International Investors LLC DE Sells 41,550 Shares of Apple Inc. (AAPL) Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Shares Sold by Thompson Siegel & Walmsley LLC Fund Evaluation Group LLC Has $211,000 Position in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Fund Evaluation Group LLC continued to hold its position in Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 2,509 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the fourth quarter. Procter & Gamble Co comprises about 0.0% of Fund Evaluation Group LLC’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 22nd largest position. Fund Evaluation Group LLC’s holdings in Procter & Gamble Co were worth $211,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Empirical Finance LLC purchased a new position in Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter worth about $101,000. American National Bank boosted its position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co by 225.8% in the third quarter. American National Bank now owns 1,137 shares of the company’s stock valued at $102,000 after buying an additional 788 shares in the last quarter. Benson Investment Management Company Inc. bought a new position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter valued at about $147,000. JJJ Advisors Inc. bought a new position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter valued at about $149,000. Finally, New Capital Management LP bought a new position in shares of Procter & Gamble Co during the fourth quarter valued at about $210,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 68.33% of the company’s stock. Shares of Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) opened at 89.97 on Thursday. Procter & Gamble Co has a 1-year low of $79.10 and a 1-year high of $92.00. The company has a market cap of $230.01 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.48 and a beta of 0.64. The company’s 50-day moving average is $90.80 and its 200 day moving average is $87.12. Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) last released its earnings results on Friday, January 20th. The company reported $1.08 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.06 by $0.02. The firm earned $16.90 billion during the quarter. Procter & Gamble Co had a net margin of 23.44% and a return on equity of 18.58%. Procter & Gamble Co’s revenue was down .3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $1.04 EPS. Equities analysts anticipate that Procter & Gamble Co will post $3.84 EPS for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Fund Evaluation Group LLC Has $211,000 Position in Procter & Gamble Co (PG)” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/fund-evaluation-group-llc-has-211000-position-in-procter-gamble-co-pg.html. PG has been the topic of several research analyst reports. Citigroup Inc boosted their price target on shares of Procter & Gamble Co from $100.00 to $102.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. Jefferies Group LLC set a $99.00 price target on shares of Procter & Gamble Co and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, January 23rd. B. Riley reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $106.00 price target on shares of Procter & Gamble Co in a research report on Monday, January 23rd. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Procter & Gamble Co from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 18th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada set a $76.00 price target on shares of Procter & Gamble Co and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, January 2nd. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have issued a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the stock. Procter & Gamble Co presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $90.73. In other news, insider Charles E. Pierce sold 55,909 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $91.70, for a total value of $5,126,855.30. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, CFO Jon R. Moeller sold 3,411 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $91.21, for a total transaction of $311,117.31. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 401,936 shares of company stock valued at $35,928,133 in the last 90 days. Company insiders own 0.35% of the company’s stock. Procter & Gamble Co Company Profile The Procter & Gamble Company is focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods to the consumers across the world. The Company operates through five segments: Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care, and Baby, Feminine & Family Care. The Company sells its products in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, baby stores, specialty beauty stores, e-commerce, high-frequency stores and pharmacies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG). Receive News & Ratings for Procter & Gamble Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Procter & Gamble Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Thursday, Apr 6, 2017 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korea German Portuguese HomeOpinionsBusinessMilitaryWorldSocietyCultureTravelScienceSportsSpecial CoveragePhotoVideo English>> P&G CEO: Business community works as stabilizer and propeller in US-China relation By Zhang Niansheng (People's Daily)    16:42, April 06, 2017 David Taylor People’ Daily: Chinese President Xi Jinping will meet with President Trump at Mar-a-lago from April 6 to 7. Do you have any expectations for the incoming high level visit? David Taylor: Strong, constructive trade and diplomatic relations are critical to the success of China, the United States and P&G. We share a common aspiration for social mobility and economic prosperity. And we share a common commitment to fostering an environment where free and fair competition thrives, markets grow and innovation flourishes. I’m encouraged the leaders of the world’s two largest economies are creating a relationship based on trust, integrity and passion for winning. The challenges we face are real and the solutions are neither simple nor easy. However, I am confident the mutual desire to best serve the citizens of both countries will steer us towards lasting solutions that benefit China, the USA and the global economy. People’ Daily: You have been dealing with China and witnessing the development of US-China relationships for a long time, how would you like to outline some cases or examples which lead to closer cooperation between the US and China? David Taylor: As a corporate citizen of both countries, it is incumbent upon P&G to help build bridges and contribute to economic growth and job creation in our two countries. In fact, P&G’s entry into China nearly 30 years ago, as the country was beginning to open to the West, reflects our long-standing commitment to serving Chinese consumers. Indeed our progress, the result of investments totaling $1.8B USD, can be seen across the country, not just in the products in the homes of Chinese consumers, but in the 17 manufacturing plants and distribution centers that supply these products, employing more than 7000 people and supporting hundreds of other Chinese businesses to support the Chinese economy. This investment in international trade supports jobs in the US as well. In fact, 1 in 5 of P&G’s US-based jobs support our international business in areas such as marketing, innovation and supply chain management. China’s tremendous success story, of dynamic growth and economic development, is one that I personally witnessed when I first worked in China in the late 1990’s and that is immediately visible every time I visit the country. It is testament to both the resilience and bright future that lies ahead with continued investment, innovation and reform. P&G benefits from a constructive US-China relationship and we need US and Chinese government policies that view this critical relationship in a balanced way. This calls for a thoughtful and measured approach to resolving issues, recognizing the interdependence of the world’s largest economies, and our impact on the global economy. As Ambassador Cui and I discussed, the business community plays an important role as a “stabilizer and a propeller” in the US-China relationship. Promoting and advocating for a constructive US-China relationship is important to me in my role at P&G and the US-China Business Council, and a shared interest among many American and Chinese leaders I’ve met with including Vice Premier Wang Yang and China’s Ambassador Cui Tiankai. People’ Daily: People are worrying about the trade war between our two countries, how do you interpret the significance of trade to US-China relationship development? David Taylor : Trade is equally important to both China and the US and has been an important driver of the positive relationship our countries have long enjoyed. Simply put, a trade war would hurt both Chinese and American consumers and potentially damage the global economy. As with any economic relationship, there are always challenges and opportunities. I believe it is important to address these tensions with calm and reasoned dialogue, avoiding escalation. China is a fast-paced, dynamic and globally connected marketplace. Chinese consumers are increasingly demanding and discerning – seeking recognized, high quality brands. This is even more evident today than it was when I worked in China nearly 20 years ago. P&G benefits from US-China trade. China is P&G’s second largest market and P&G’s success in China is critical to P&G’s success globally. We are proud of P&G’s role as one of the largest consumer products companies in China. However, our role and the role of business is beyond simple economic self interest. P&G has driven consumption and positive competition via innovation and contributed to the development of China’s consumer goods industry. We share best practice and experiences in manufacturing, R&D, sales, management and talent development, which in turn benefits the growth of local Chinese companies. As bilateral relations are tested in these times of uncertainty, P&G is stepping up to tell our story of success in China and to encourage constructive, mutually respectful and open dialogue as the means to resolve differing points of view. People’ Daily: As a successful entrepreneur, what is your idea on the significance of US-China relations? David Taylor : Our Company was founded with a handshake between a candle maker and a soap maker who believed that everyday products could and should be of the highest quality, and sold honestly. We still create products with that handshake in mind. This foundation of trust between leaders and nations serves as an enduring model and one I’m confident will be embraced by President Xi and President Trump.  (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook)(Web editor: Hongyu, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. We Recommend Top 10 Chinese tech and engineering marvels Chinese footwear tycoon brings jobs, economic benefits to Ethiopia China develops reusable spacecraft for manned lunar missions More ‘agile fleets needed’ to tackle sea challenges Delivery boy becomes the third richest man in China China to build 30,000 new kilometers of railway before 2020 Absence of regulations casts shadow on China’s booming UAV industry China's place on world governance index sets unique example for developing countries Expectations high for China-Vatican relations in 2017 Most Read 1 Second carrier nears launch 2 Commentary: Xi Jinping’s big diplomatic move draws global a… 3 Chinese scientists explore all-weather solar cells 4 China vows to advance military ties with Cuba 5 Chinese President Xi Jinping in Cartoons Top 10 The power of 'She' in China Seven most beautiful art museums in China Top 10 European patent applicants in 2016 Chasing the world's prettiest flowers Popular on Global Times Creativity doesn't stop when nap time calls Sino-US ties can’t neglect mutual respect Film trails drifting Westerners who impersonate qualified people for a living in China 10,000 artifacts from ancient 'King of the West' unearthed in Sichuan Hot News Blind man, armless man pledge to rebuild after 10,000-tree crop is devastated by flood China's opposition to THAAD is justified, sufficient More economists upbeat about China's Q1 growth: survey Pit Bull Shot Dead After Attacking Owner The miracle called Communist Party of China Nude pics as IOU: a new, risky online loan among Chinese university students Key Words Xi JinpingSCOCPCSouth China SeaAIIBDPRKChinese New Year Links: Beijing TodayCRI EnglishSINA EnglishGlobal TimesChinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show ChinaChina Human RightsChina XinjiangTibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi JournalWomen of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online
What we do WARC brings together marketing information that helps you grow your business. Gain knowledge & know-how Unbiased advice on almost any advertising issue Stay on top of change Brand, category and media intelligence from the front lines of advertising Benchmark your advertising Find out how the world's most successful brands use advertising Uncover insights & trends Build powerful advertising ideas on smart insights Find data you can trust Global advertising data to help you make the right judgments Who uses WARC WARC is used by major companies from all corners of the advertising industry. Advertisers Benchmark your plans and improve your effectiveness Agencies Win new business, and grow your existing clients Media Owners Drive ad revenue by building a compelling case for your channel Universities Educate students, inform teaching and drive research Explore Get to know WARC through a few of our most popular resources. Awards Submit your case study to one of WARC's free-to-enter awards schemes WARC 100 Our annual ranking of the world's top marketing campaigns and companies News & Opinion Daily coverage of key developments for marketers worldwide Webinars Learn how to tackle marketing challenges from leading experts in our series of in-depth webinars Case Finder Search our cases by industry, media and more Topics Best practice and guidance on 100+ marketing topics Contact us Our offices around the world. Americas 2233 Wisconsin Ave NW Suite 535 Washington, DC 20007 United States t: +1 202 778 0680 e: americas@warc.com Asia Pacific 20A Teck Lim Road 088391 Singapore t: +65 3157 6200 e: asiapacific@warc.com EMEA 85 Newman Street London W1T 3EU United Kingdom t: +44 (0)20 7467 8100 e: enquiries@warc.com Full details for all offices > Log in Get a demo Tools Case Finder WARC 100 Strategy Toolkit ROI Benchmarker WARC Plus Pitch Builder Advanced Search Topics Topics Industry Sectors Geographies Best Practice Company Profiles Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Homepage Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards Log in Get a demo > Back Topics Brands & branding Campaign development Campaign measurement Consumer research & insight Marketing management Marketing strategy Media channels & touchpoints Media strategy Target audiences > Back Industry Sectors Alcoholic drinks Automotive Business & industrial Clothing & accessories Financial services Food Government & non-profit Household & domestic Leisure & entertainment Media & publishing Pharma & healthcare Retail Soft drinks Technology & electronics Telecoms & utilities Tobacco Toiletries & cosmetics Transport & tourism Geographies > Back Africa Australia & New Zealand Canada East Asia France Germany Greater China Italy Latin America Middle East & North Africa Russia & Eastern Europe South Asia South East Asia United Kingdom United States > Back Or try Advanced Search Get a demo Do I subscribe? News sign-up IAB welcomes tough action on digital ads News, 06 April 2017 Topics Regulation & control NEW YORK: Marketers will all be aware that several major brands, such as Procter & Gamble and JPMorgan Chase, are no longer tolerating the inadequacies of digital advertising – and this is a development strongly endorsed by the IAB's CEO. Randall Rothenberg, President and CEO of the Interactive Advertising Bureau, said in a blog post that the industry has done a lot of work to improve matters since Marc Pritchard, P&G's Chief Brand Officer, demanded earlier this year that the advertising industry take action to deal with bad practice. But Rothenberg said "there is much, much more left to be done" because "it's not just digital ad tech companies that are culpable – agencies, publishers, and the brands themselves bear responsibility". Posting his comments on the same day that Pritchard reiterated his call for agencies to increase transparency and improve brand safety, Rothenberg praised the FMCG giant, one of the biggest advertisers in the world, for its tough approach. "By putting its money on the line for standards compliance, Procter & Gamble launched a shot across the bow of [the] entire marketing-media ecosystem," he wrote. Rothenberg also lauded JPMorgan Chase for its almost ruthless filleting of websites that once served its ads, cutting the total from around 400,000 to just 5,000 pre-approved sites. He said JPMorgan Chase was following the programme he outlined at the IAB Annual Leadership Meeting in Florida two months ago, when he told ad industry executives that it was up to them as individuals and their companies to "repair the trust". "I have no doubt that P&G and JPMorgan Chase will be followed by a wave of big brands taking similar actions to secure the digital industry supply chain on behalf of brand and consumer safety," he predicted. Throughout his blog, Rothenberg highlighted how pressing the issue of brand safety is, and he even made a startling comparison between the state of the current supply chain in advertising with the efforts the food industry makes to ensure its supply chain is safe. Around 121bn cans of food and beverage are shipped around the US each year, he said, yet only one can is contaminated with botulism – or .00000000001% of all that are shipped. By comparison, "between 3% and 37% of impressions are fraudulently generated by bots" and taken together with ads served on porn sites, falsified content or other inappropriate sites, then "the incidence of bad advertising is at least a few hundred billion times greater than the incidence of bad canned food". Data sourced from IAB; additional content by WARC staff Sign up for daily news Latest News Google hires comScore to improve online safety News Brands should avoid 'hedonic contamination' News Unilever announces major shake-up News One in five UK consumers boycott brands News Asian retailers struggle with cross-device metrics News Thailand is best for online brand safety News Twitter Lite targets emerging markets News WhatsApp eyes digital payments in India View more News and Opinion More from WARC P&G's Pritchard takes on fakes, fraudsters and fearmongers Digital Transparency: 10 questions marketers need to ask their media agency Can quality content rescue the chaos of digital marketing? IAB chief chastises, challenges digital leadership Future-proofing for the digital age: 10 lessons from P&G's former President of e-business Get a demo Topics Regulation & control 
 Please enter your feedback. Submit Send feedback www.warc.com © Copyright 2017 All rights reserved including database rights. This electronic file is for the personal use of authorised users based at the subscribing company's office location. It may not be reproduced, posted on intranets, extranets or the internet, e-mailed, archived or shared electronically either within the purchaser's organisation or externally without express written permission from WARC. × Close Email this content Send colleagues a link to this content. To send to more than one recipient, put a comma between email addresss. Recipient name: Recipient email: Message (optional): Send me a copy of this email as well. Cancel Email Tools Case Finder WARC 100 ROI Benchmarker Strategy Toolkit WARC Plus Pitch Support Index Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards More About Contacts Help Sitemap Store Partners Event Listings Admap Best Practice Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions © 2017 Copyright and Database Rights owned by WARC By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more here Hide message WARC has a new look Here’s what’s changed: A new navigation bar, taking you to the best WARC content quickly A better, less cluttered search experience A reworked home page, with signposts to key areas of WARC A fully responsive site, making it easier to use WARC on the go Plus a new colour palette, new branding and a fresh look and feel across the site Learn More Maybe Later × Close Subscriber Login Not a subscriber? Forgotten your password? Login via Open Athens University Login Cancel Login
Menu Television TV Shows Animation Awards Thriller Talent Reality Mythological Documentary Crime Comedy Drama Series Factual Food Fiction TV Channels Regional People News Broadcasting Specialised and Niche Sports Viewership Terrestrial Music and Youth Movie Channels English Entertainment Kids GECs Factual & Documentary Production House TV Commercial Post Production Online Content Non-Fiction Film Production Documentary Fiction Cable TV People Local Cable Operators DAS Multi System Operators DTH DTH Operator DTH Services People Regulators People I&B Ministry High Court Supreme Court TDSAT TRAI MAM Marketing Brands Above The Line MAM Below The Line Media and Advertising Sponsorship Ad Campaigns AD Agencies Account Event Agencies Digital Agencies Out Of Home People Media Agencies Satellites Insurance Satellite Launches Satellite Operators Teleports iWorld Video On Demand Telecom Broadband Social Media Pay-Per-View e-commerce eNews Over The Top Services IPTV Gaming Movies Short Films Regional Movies On Mutiple Platforms Documentary Hindi Hollywood International Independent Box Populi Technology ces Hardware Headend Equipment Set-top Boxes Uplinking & Downlinking Distribution Components Software Firmware Middleware Applications Resources Education insitutes Education Channels forums History Producers Media agencies Legal and Policies Jobs Cable TV MSOs Address Book Ad sales agents Ad agencies Satelite Reckoner Shooting floors TRAI Technology suppliers Studios DTH Specials Event Coverage IBC2016 VidNet ASIA TV FORUM Content Hub Ficci Frames Ficci Frames Filmart Golden Globe Awards ICC WORLD CUP IDOS Mipcom Miptv MixRadio Music Connects News Television Summit Occasions Budget Budget 2000 Budget 2001 Budget 2002 Budget 2005 Budget 2014 Budget 2015 Budget 2016 Budget 2017 Year Enders Our events MAM Goafest 2017: Change is possible when one takes risks, says Patanjali’s Balkrishna 07 Apr, 2017 - 08:23 AM IST     |     By Sonam Saini     GOA: Who would have thought that in the advertising and marketing world of suited-booted  and/or casual linen chic people, a simple robe clad guy would turn out to be dude? Well, who would have wagered a few years back that Patanjali would be a starred speaker at India’s annual advertising, media and marketing convention and have a houseful of corporate execs hanging on to every word, some of which were spoken in chaste Hindi? Desh badal raha hai (or, the country is changing), after all, in ways that the countrymen and women are still grappling to come to terms with. "The nation is ours, the children are ours, life is ours. We must take care of it ourselves. Always remember, for the world, India is just a market place (but) for us it’s our home. Change is possible only when one is willing to take risks,” Patanjali Ayurveda CEO Acharya Balkrishna said with a straight face, but with a confidence that comes from the realisation that some of the top global FMCG companies were feeling the heat of Patanjali’s unrelenting advertising and marketing blitz. The oozing confidence found other outlets too. Without giving a second thought, Balkrishna took on a competitor. “ Patanjali set up a factory in Tejpur in Uttar Pradesh where Dabur too was setting up its factory. In 120 days, Patanjali built up the factory with same workers who were (earlier) working for Dabur,” said the Nepal-born Balkrishna, regarded as the No. 2 in the Patanjali group hierarchy, just next to its yoga guru founder-turned-entrepreneur Baba Ramdev. In the FMCG space, some of the Patanjali Ayurveda products that have eaten into the market share of established global and Indian companies include Dant Kanti (toothpaste), atta or flour noodles, multi-grain and plain flour for rotis or Indian bread and Kesh Kanti (hair oil), apart from other categories where Patanjali products are giving a tough competition to the likes of Dabur, ITC, P&G Colgate-Palmolive and Unilever India. “Patanjali Ayurved has turned out to be the most disruptive force in the Indian FMCG market...it witnessed a whopping annual growth of 146 per cent in fiscal year 2016 grossing a turnover of US$769 million, whereas its peers, including ITC, Dabur, Hindustan Unilever, Colgate–Palmolive and Procter & Gamble struggled to get a growth much less than double digit,” an Assocham-TechSci research report has stated. So, what’s the secret of Patanjali in a country that had been dominated by established FMCG players, especially as its founder Ramdev’s antecedents have been questioned at various times? Pointing out that the Haridwar-based company doesn’t  follow any marketing strategy, depending more on “product quality” to attract consumers, Balkrishna played with a straight bat on the opening day of Goafest 2017 yesterday: “Treat your customers as your family members and everything (else) will fall into place. We want to change the impression that made-in-India products are not of good quality.” If some of these home grown homilies were not enough to rub it in to much-experienced global players, Balkrishna told the audience at Goafest that "duniya ke liye Hindustan ek bazaar ho sakta hai, humare liye Hindustan humara ghar hai" (for the world, India may be a bazaar, but, for us, it's our home) and change was possible only when one was willing to take risks. Hmm! Hang on, there was more for those willing to listen and the numbers were astounding. “Toothpaste is meant to clean teeth, but nowadays ads say you can get a girlfriend using the right (tooth) paste,” Balkrishna said with his tongue firmly in cheek, adding, “humare liye humari maryada sabse badhkar hai, sales na ho toh bhi thik hai" (for us, self-respect and respect for our culture is paramount, and not sales of products). However, Balkrishna did not wander into controversial areas where ASCI, in the past, has hauled up Patanjali for misleading advertising or the court cases against it or filed by the company itself relating to product advertsing and claims. A fitting tribute to Patanjali’s efforts also came from a competitor. “'Patanjali has shown us marketing methods we never knew," graciously admitted ITC's divisional CEO - foods business Hemant Malik, while speaking at another time of the day. As a parting shot to urban India -- many of whose representatives were at Goa -- Patanjali’s Balkrsihna told the gathering that Indians "should eat according to the six seasons because our body changes in every season” as do its requirements. “The problem in India is that people in rural (areas) are healthy, but people in metros have nutritional deficiency,” Balkrishna  explained. Other speakers for the opening day included Mobikwik co-founder and director Upasana Taku and ITC’s Malik. According to Malik, “Communication is the not the only pillar for branding”  as there are brands such as Facebook, Amazon and Google that have changed the world. “It's all about the product differentiation. We are the only carbon-positive company in the world,” Malik spoke about the shift from hierarchical collectivist culture to individualistic. After being hit by currency demonetisation, where everybody was struggling with liquidity crunches, the mobile payment companies were the one making profit, according to Mobikwik’s Taku, who added, “Humbling and the most fortunate event of 2016  is demonetisation. We have the fortune to have been able to transform India into digital. Mobikwik has 55 million users and 1.4 million retailers in India.” Taku highlighted some points. In last 10-20 years, telecom has changed in India in a big way. “Till now 14 per cent of cashless transaction has been done in India post-demonetisation, which will go grow to 30 per cent by the end of 2017 and it will grow 30- 40 per cent in two years. I truly believe it’s the era of mobile wallets, and won’t deny that demonetisation has sped up the journey,” she explained.    ALSO READ: Goafest 2017: Mindshare & Maxus win big, Dainik Jagran leads publisher category tags Goafest 2017Patanjali AyurvedaAcharya BalkrishnaBaba RamdevMobikwikITC CorpDabur IndiaASCIAmazonGoogleApple Trending DD agriculture programmes get additional budget #NoTicketToExplore, Woodland, Canada Tourism tie up Dell Aarambh TVC encourages creative capabilities ItzCash associates with Kings XI Punjab Rai Com & Castalia deal will take All'Opera to LATAM   Latest Reads Sony YAY! signs Tiger Shroff as brand ambassador MUMBAI: Sony YAY!, the soon-to-be-launched kids’ entertainment channel from Sony Pictures Network, has roped in the country's newest heartthrob Tiger Shroff as the brand ambassador and face of the channel. This would be the debut television association of the young star whose popularity amongst... MAM Marketing Brands 07 Apr, 2017 Goafest 2017: Mindshare & Maxus win big, Dainik Jagran leads publisher category GOA: Kick-starting the day one by popping a bottle of champagne, Goafest 2017 brought much cheer to the media, marketing and advertising fraternity. The Advertising Club (TAC) and the Advertising Agencies Association of India (AAAI) together felicitated the works of the advertising agencies with... MAM Marketing MAM 06 Apr, 2017 Goafest 2017 gets bigger and better GOA: Goafest 2017 is back, and even though the venue, Grand Hyatt Goa, is the same, the energy, enthusiasm and attendance broke all its past records. MAM Marketing MAM 06 Apr, 2017 Goafest 2017 receives 4500 entries from 329 companies Goafest 2017, India’s foremost advertising, media and marketing convention kick started its annual festival with a ceremonial popping of the champagne bottle to herald a brand-new edition of the event. The day one of the festival saw an exciting conclave with industry stalwarts such as Upasana Taku... MAM Marketing MAM 06 Apr, 2017 A warrior to tread an adventurous path: MRF Wanderer As an active proponent of cricket, MRF Tyres has always rallied behind the team and its players in pushing the cause of the sport in India. Whether the ICC Cricket World Cup 2015 where it was the Global Partner or other such top-rated cricketing properties, MRF has always essayed a supportive role... MAM Marketing Brands 06 Apr, 2017 See kid's success from new aspect: Lego campaign Innovation is seen as the key to progress and growth– the elusive spark that ignites the next big thing. And amazing creations and innovations all spark from remarkable imagination. But concerned with academic pursuits, adults might unknowingly stifle the growth of kids’imagination - especially as... MAM Media and Advertising Ad Campaigns 06 Apr, 2017 Kunal Kapoor & Saba Azad herald Myntra's 'Big Fashion Gig' MUMBAI: Myntra, Myntra, a leading platform for fashion brands and pioneer in m-commerce play, has kicked off a special campaign to promote Big Fashion Gig – The country’s first mega fashion extravaganza, and launched two television commercials as part of the ongoing promotions. The campaign calls... MAM Media and Advertising Ad Campaigns 06 Apr, 2017 Crocs associates with 'Baahubali 2: The Conclusion' designer MUMBAI: Crocs, the global footwear brand, associates with one of India’s leading designer Sourabh Kant Shrivastava who has designed his new collection inspired by the movie “Baahubali 2: The Conclusion”. The collection will be showcased through a fashion event, organized by Bollywoo.ooo, an online... MAM Marketing Brands 06 Apr, 2017 Chef's Basket now expresses infinite love for food MUMBAI: Chef’s Basket, a leading gourmet cuisine brand from Fizzy Foodlabs, is embarking on a new culinary journey and re-defining its brand identity. Chef’s Basket, with its new identity and continued efforts in innovation around flavour and packaging in the category is going the extra mile to... MAM Marketing Brands 06 Apr, 2017 Gallery The content Paradigm 25 Aug, 2016 The Customer: Vidnet 2016 25 Aug, 2016 Proud winners at the NT Awards 2016 04 Jul, 2016 A night to remember: NT AWARDS 2016 - Part 2 30 Jun, 2016   Latest News Load More Subscribe Newsletter TVLinx | ADLinx | Archive What to Read Next Sony YAY! signs Tiger Shroff as brand ambassador MUMBAI: Sony YAY!, the soon-to-be-launched kids’ entertainment channel from Sony Pictures Network, has roped in the country's newest heartthrob Tiger Shroff as the brand ambassador and face of the channel. This would be the debut television association of the young star whose popularity amongst children is today unbounded. MAM Marketing Brands 07 Apr, 2017 Fiber optics market worth US$ 5 bn by '21, A-Pac largest Cable TV Local Cable Operators 07 Apr, 2017 Cinema is a powerful medium of communication: Naidu Regulators I&B Ministry 07 Apr, 2017 Govt. again rules out IMC reconstitution, says checks adequate Regulators I&B Ministry 07 Apr, 2017 TRAI urges govt. to use digital TV networks for b'band growth Regulators TRAI 07 Apr, 2017 Editor's Choice Sony YAY! signs Tiger Shroff as brand ambassador Brands 07 Apr, 2017 Fiber optics market worth US$ 5 bn by '21, A-Pac largest Local Cable Operators 07 Apr, 2017 Cinema is a powerful medium of communication: Naidu I&B Ministry 07 Apr, 2017 Govt. again rules out IMC reconstitution, says checks adequate I&B Ministry 07 Apr, 2017 TRAI urges govt. to use digital TV networks for b'band growth TRAI 07 Apr, 2017 Articles By Category News Headline Executive Dossier Comment Special Report Research Case Study Genre Primer Financials Reviews Events Promos & Campaigns Press Release Sign up for our Newsletter subscribe for latest stories Facebook Twitter YouTube Linkedin RSS Television Cable TV DTH Regulators MAM Satellites iWorld Movies Technology Resources Specials Our events About Privacy Disclaimer Advertise Contact Us 2017 @ Copyright Indiantelevision Dot Com Pvt Ltd. All rights reserved.
null
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search WPP Tumbles as Client Unilever Announces Its Slashing Ad Costs 38 minutes ago Array 0 Watch the Newest Ads on TV From IBM Watson, T-Mobile, A&T and More 1 hour ago Array 0 Pepsi, Listen to the New Generation By Aimee Woodall - 3 hours ago Array 0 L'Oreal Paris Recalls '100 Years of Hairstyles' in Viral Video Chart Debut 4 hours ago Array 0 'The Daily Show' Turns Sean Spicer Into 'Kindergarten Press Secretary' By Simon Dumenco - 5 hours ago Array 0 After the Rise of 'Femvertising,' Is 'Oldvertising' the Next Big Thing? By Alexandra Jardine - Yesterday 0 Pepsi, Listen to the New Generation By Aimee Woodall - 3 hours ago 0 'The Daily Show' Turns Sean Spicer Into 'Kindergarten Press Secretary' By Simon Dumenco - 5 hours ago 0 Facebook Gives Agencies More Transparency Following Metrics Blunders By George Slefo - 5 hours ago 0 Can Brita Filter the Negativity Out of Twitter? Here's How It's Trying By Jack Neff - 22 hours ago 0 Pepsi's Kendall Jenner-Joins-a-Protest Ad Sparks Backlash By E.J. Schultz - Yesterday 0 See Kendall Jenner in Her New Pepsi Ad By E.J. Schultz - 2 days ago 0 Pepsi Is Pulling Its Widely Mocked Kendall Jenner Ad By E.J. Schultz and Ann-Christine Diaz - Yesterday 0 Wahl Out as McDonald's U.S. CMO, Replaced by PepsiCo's Flatley By Jessica Wohl - Yesterday 0 How ESPN Is Changing the Game With 'SportsCenter' By Anthony Crupi - 2 days ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US WPP Tumbles as Client Unilever Announces Its Slashing Ad Costs Published on April 06, 2017. Credit: Dove/Unilever Most Popular WPP fell the most in a month after one of the advertising company's biggest clients, consumer-product giant Unilever, said it would cut back on its marketing spending, fueling concerns about a broader ad-industry slowdown. Unilever, which sells Dove soap and Hellmann's mayonnaise, will produce 30% fewer ads as part of a cost-cutting drive, Chief Financial Officer Graeme Pitkethly said Thursday in a phone interview. WPP, whose Ogilvy & Mather agency makes ads for Dove, dropped as much as 4.4%, the most since March 3. Related Stories Cuts Aren't Over, But P&G Wants to Restore Agency Profits Unilever Gives Birth to Baby Dove as Johnson's Tries to Bounce Back WPP's Sir Martin Sorrell Reveals What Keeps Him Awake at Night WPP Reports Solid Growth for 2016 but Predicts Slower 2017 The blow came as WPP, the world's largest advertising company, was already contending with a slow start to 2017 and a weaker-than-expected growth forecast. Auto sales are sagging and consumer-products companies, in response to slowing growth, are looking for ways to save money on advertising and simplify their commitments. Business with Unilever contributes about 3% of WPP's revenue, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. "Big advertisers are cutting their marketing spend," said Claire Barbaret, an analyst at Invest Securities in Paris. "All of them are trying to cut their costs because we're in a world where there's not much growth." London-based WPP declined 1.8% to 1,707 pence at 11:59 a.m. in London, after dipping as low as 1,662 pence. French rival Publicis Groupe, which in February reported disappointing 2016 results, fell less than 1% to 64.34 euros in Paris. In December, WPP's GroupM forecast a 4.4% increase in global advertising to $547 billion this year. Unilever didn't give details on its spending plans. The company, which is also selling off its spreads business, aims to reduce the number of creative agencies it employs by about half, Mr. Pitkethly said on a call with investors -- a move which could benefit large agency owners like WPP. Unilever said it will reduce the number of consultants it employs by around 40%. The moves by Unilever mirror those of Procter & Gamble Co., the world's biggest advertiser, which said on Wednesday that it's halved the number of agencies it works with globally. "We fed the agency beast by hiring thousands of them," P&G Chief Brand Officer Marc Pritchard said at the 4A's Transformation Conference in Los Angeles. This week Ford Motor Co., another large WPP client, reported a 7.2% decline in U.S. auto sales for March, as General Motors Co., Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV and Toyota Motor Corp. missed estimates. Unilever, which is seeking to safeguard its independence after fighting off a takeover bid from Kraft Heinz Co. earlier this year, also said Thursday that it plans to sell its margarine spreads business, which includes Flora, Stork, Country Crock and other slow-growing brands. Advertisers' decisions filter down to ad firms like WPP, Publicis and Interpublic Group of Cos. through the range of services they offer -- not just creating the marketing campaigns but also developing the media strategies and buying up advertising space across formats like television, newspapers and magazines, and the web. WPP's relationship with Unilever became strained in February when public relations agency Finsbury, majority-owned by WPP, was hired by Kraft to handle its U.K. strategic communications for the $143 billion takeover bid -- effectively pitting WPP against one of its biggest clients. The conflict quickly ended after Unilever CEO Paul Polman complained and WPP Chief Executive Officer Martin Sorrell ordered Finsbury to drop the Kraft mandate, people familiar with the matter said at the time. WPP had no immediate comment on the Unilever moves. ~~ Bloomberg News In this article: Agencies Beauty/Fashion CMO Strategy CPG Packaged Food Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Home News Awards Media Mecca Print Newspapers Magazines Broadcasting TV Radio Cinema Digital Mobile Online Agencies Advertising Media agency Public Relations Out of Home Media Education Media Mentor Boston Research Video and Audio Menu Home News Awards Media Mecca Print Newspapers Magazines Broadcasting TV Radio Cinema Digital Mobile Online Agencies Advertising Media agency Public Relations Out of Home Media Education Media Mentor Boston Research Video and Audio LATEST NEWS Measuring how people live, not necessarily by what they have Government’s PR crisis: Losing face to win a war? UK spin-doctors have captured SA media Impact of junk status on the media business Media agencies under attack! In-house or outsourced buying: SA agencies debate issue [part two] Media moves: Media24 appoints new general manager for Lifestyle, Provantage Media Group launches Mall Ads A clear vision and a focus on people to take Mediacom to new heights What a downgrade means for South Africa and what it can do about it How to use social media to drive traffic to your blog Blurring the lines between talk and music radio Home Agencies Media agency Media agencies under attack! In-house or outsourced buying: SA agencies debate issue [part two] Media agencies under attack! In-house or outsourced buying: SA agencies debate issue [part two] Posted By: Michael Bratton: April 06, 2017In: Media agency Print Email Media agencies are under attack! Not just from non-agencies branching out into activities that agencies traditionally do, but now it seems from clients as well. Michael Bratt explores. At 4A’s (American Association of Advertising Agencies) 2017 Transformation Conference in Los Angeles, Procter & Gamble chief brand officer, Marc Pritchard, expressed the belief that “advertising agencies must reduce complexity, increase transparency and step up on brand safety in order to repair the breakdown of trust among clients”. Then there was the US’ Association of National Advertisers explosive report into the “non transparent business practices” issued in July 2016 that led to a series of reviews by clients of their media and advertising agencies. This breakdown in trust could be the reason that clients are looking to remove agencies from the picture and do their own thing in-house. Here is what four media experts – Gustav Goosen, CEO of The SpaceStation; Liam Gibbs, director of strategy at Mirum Africa; Conrad Kakebeeke, unit director at OMG Digital; and Michael Walker, head of performance marketing and analysis/insights at Honeykome – have to say about this trend. Gustav Goosen Why would a client prefer to do this rather than go through an agency? Gustav Goosen: It comes down to control. Ad networks, ad exchanges and buying ads programmatically has many technology platforms involved in executing the buy (as well as limited IP readily available to understand the complexities) and this has created obscurity; clients are becoming more aware of the associated risks and looking for oversight of these type media buys to ensure transparency and procurement governance is adhered to, just as it adheres to procurement governance and protocols elsewhere in the organisation. Data ownership also underpins the move. Advertising clients are realising that media consumption, conversion and ultimately, customer data, are all assets they ought to own instead of trading off a data set they helped create and pay for, yet they don’t own. Integrating this data into their businesses, existing processes or business systems, e.g. CRM or others, become taxing if the data doesn’t belong to them and the integration thereof hasn’t been purpose spec’d from the outset. Liam Gibbs: I think there are a few reasons: Cost, control and transparency, and the ability to react quickly and tactically. However, in a context where many clients are building their own agencies in-house, this kind of move also represents a much stronger chance at integration between creative (which many clients are moving in-house already), and media buying. This relationship is important in digital marketing. Conrad Kakebeeke: Well most clients think that a) They will own the data from a risk perspective; b) It will be cheaper as they have the staff internally to do quick turnaround; c) They can hire staff that they prefer and would fit the company profile best. Michael Walker: Clients’ first reason for considering taking their digital media buying in-house is because they believe they will be able to save costs. The question they ask is, “will we be able to do this cheaper in-house”. The other issues that make clients consider this are being able to have full transparency across the buy, owning the data (and the learnings that go with it) rather than having that sit elsewhere; that it may be quicker to execute campaigns. Media owners are increasingly acting like agencies themselves and going direct to clients with native opportunities. For these reasons the use of the traditional media buying agency is on the decline, and the new ‘Super Agency’, which acts as a true facilitator between publisher, advertiser (and agency) is stepping up to fill the vacuum. Liam Gibbs  Will this trend be coming to South Africa anytime soon?  Goosen: There are a few clients who have embarked on this already, albeit not at full scale or full solution deployment, but I’m sure it’ll gain momentum as skills become more readily available and the veil of complexity is lifted. Gibbs: I believe it will come to South Africa, although how soon this happens remains to be seen. As noted, we are already seeing a trend to in-house agencies in general playing out in the South African market, so it stands to reason that the media work might follow suite. Kakebeeke: I think in some instances it is already here. Think for example Takealot and some other international firms just running it out of their central offices. Walker: It has already started, with a number of large enterprises having internal agencies. This modus operandi has in many instances already also become somewhat passé’, with companies finding that there is still a disconnect between their objectives and those of their in-house agency. What is needed is a closer relationship between advertiser (enterprise) and advertising channel (digital publisher or online platform), with this relationship being facilitated by a digital media management partner who provides transparency between all parties and follows best practices. Conrad Kakebeeke Do you see this trend as a threat to South African agencies? Goosen: If their business model is heavily dependent on media procurement services, then yes. Effectively media buying moves closer to standardised procurement processes and their related efficiency drivers, i.e. integration with existing business systems such as SAP, SalesForce, or others. These environments resonate much more with IT, technology, finance and procurement processes than media ever did and alternative agents/business partners/consultancies are much more entrenched in these parts of clients’ businesses than advertising agencies have historically been. This is the space the Accenture’s of the world are comfortable playing. Gibbs: It depends what your business model is. If you are operating traditionally, making money from spending at scale, and taking a linked percentage, this would be a threat. However, if your agency (for example our business, Mirum) is more about partnering with agencies to be fighting fit for a digitally enabled future, this represents opportunity. Also, don’t forget that strategy and planning, reporting, data mining and analytics, ongoing training etc are all media related services that can still be sold by specialists to clients, in this context. Kakebeeke: No I do not due to the following: a) Staff working on one account become bored very quickly, the culture in agencies is very different from that of a corporate and I have seen many corporates move back into agency; b) Learning cross staff working on other clients and industries brings learnings; c) Shortage of staff in South Africa makes it very difficult for a corporate to upskill; d) The amount of staff that you need does not have economies of scale in South Africa. Think about it for a client that spend for example a massive digital budget of e.g. R30m which pays no more than 10% for their services R250 000 a month must employ social staff, analytics and programmatic, strategy, ad ops and tagging specialist etc. So in essence there is a lot of staff that agencies can use cross client to make it work for both client and the agency and the staff can cross learn and teach. Also to keep up with the tech changes a client will need to invest a lot which is currently cross-shared with agency and clients. It just becomes a very difficult model to keep up except if you are really spending massive amounts of money on your agency so it makes more sense. I think the biggest limitation is staff feeling secluded out of the vibe of tech buzz at a corporate. Walker: Yes and no – I think that agencies need to start treating their clients as partners and together with any good partnership is honesty and transparency, as this will thwart any threat. However, as I mentioned before, I believe that the agency model and approach needs to change, and that there are already a few companies out there that are doing it differently, and gaining recognition from brands (advertisers) and publishers (media) alike. What do agencies offer that in-house digital buying won’t? Goosen: Media IP. Media as part of the total advertising fulfillment value chain. But this IP can be bought and in some instances that IP is becoming less relevant in the changing landscape. Historically, media agencies could also extract economies of scale through consolidated media buying or media owner negotiations and pass that benefit on to respective agency clients.  The changes in the way media is being procured sees it moving away from a scaled approach (think – TV, print, radio ad buying), to a single instance approach with the price point determined real time when procuring that instance (think – this ad, on a specific, pre-qualified, customer’s mobile phone, right now). The ability to determine and evaluate the value of that instance, in the moment, and decide whether it’s worth buying (or selling by the media owner for that matter) or not, and then executing that buy in a fully integrated business process is powerful. Technology is now enabling these decisions that require a new skill set, new IP and it doesn’t have to be based in an agency. Gibbs: The buying power of traditional media buying agencies allows discounts that in-house buying won’t likely achieve. However modern digital media tools don’t typically operate in this way – for e.g. Google and Facebook don’t offer discounts for scale buys. There is also the factor of specialist experience to consider. If you have a large team operating across many different clients (as you would in an agency), you will have broad experience that feeds the specialist skill sets. A smaller team, isolated within one particular vertical, might struggle to remain current and competitive without serious effort to do so. Walker: Greater vertical knowledge of the media ecosystem, better skill sets and being able to retain staff longer due the variety of work. An agency also has the advantage of having the creative’s, analyst and media planners/buyers sitting around the table together so that they can truly maximise the clients’ marketing money with a cohesive strategy. When dealing with agencies that have gone beyond the traditional media buying model and have implemented advanced technology, data visualisation tools and can offer the benefit of third-party data enhancement for better ROI, there is no comparison between what the internal employee or in-house digital team can do and the results that are like to be achieved by the “super agency” or digital media management company. Michael Walker Other insights Goosen: Accenture CEO, Pierre Nanterme, summed it up when he wrote: “When assessing the implications, consider the fact that that new digital business models are the principal reason why just over half of the names of companies on the Fortune 500 have disappeared since the year 2000”. Digital disruption is at the door of the agency business model. Gibbs: The whole space of “clients moving services in-house” represents a shakeup of the traditional client/agency model that frankly excites us, as nothing is taken as “status quo” any more and agencies have to consider where they can really add value, rather than just pushing “business as usual”. Kakebeeke: I have seen this that clients take media in-house and I have seen the majority of them moving it back to agencies mostly due to staff retention and getting the correct talent pool rotating within the business. Walker: I do think that these trends are cyclical in nature – having seen in-house agencies being unbundled from clients in the past and now the inverse trend is occurring. I do think that clients need to be realistic in how they calculate the cost of their media planning and buying since, on the face of it, it may seem that taking this portion of the marketing process in-house is the best way forward, it is important to remember that there are several considerations which could mean that short term cost savings lead to a reduction in effectiveness and impact over time. Finding a digital media management partner is the route I would recommend. Follow Michael Bratt on Twitter @MichaelBratt8   Related Articles: A clear vision and a focus on people to take Mediacom to new heights In-house or outsourced buying: SA media agencies debate issue [part one] Away with commission, away! The cost for an agency of winning and losing a massive account Want to continue this conversation on The Media Online platforms? Comment on Twitter @MediaTMO or on our Facebook page. Send us your suggestions, comments, contributions or tip-offs via e-mail to glenda@wagthedog.co.za or michael@wagthedog.co.za Share this: Email Tweet Print Previous Media moves: Media24 appoints new general manager for Lifestyle, Provantage Media Group launches Mall Ads Next Impact of junk status on the media business Related Articles A clear vision and a focus on people to take Mediacom to new heights April 05, 2017 In-house or outsourced buying: SA media agencies debate issue [part one] March 31, 2017 Away with commission, away! March 30, 2017 Follow Us ABOUT US The Media Online is the definitive online point of reference for South Africa’s media industry offering relevant, focused and topical news on the media sector. We deliver up-to-date industry insights, guest columns, case studies, content from local and global contributors, news, views and interviews on a daily basis as well as providing an online home for The Media magazine’s content, which is posted on a monthly basis. Find out more here CONTACT US Wag the Dog Publishers Pty Ltd Editor: Glenda Nevill glenda@wagthedog.co.za Publisher: Sandra Gordon sgordon@stonesoup.co.za Advertising: Jacqueline Bayes or Paul Nelson jacqueline@wagthedog.co.za paul@wagthedog.co.za Tel: 011 447 7740 Follow Us General Manager Sales and Sponsorships Michelle Botha michelle@wagthedog.co.za Subscribe to our Email Newsletter Name Email Subscribe Copyright © 2015 The Media Online. All rights reserved. Part of Wag the Dog Publishers Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
What we do WARC brings together marketing information that helps you grow your business. Gain knowledge & know-how Unbiased advice on almost any advertising issue Stay on top of change Brand, category and media intelligence from the front lines of advertising Benchmark your advertising Find out how the world's most successful brands use advertising Uncover insights & trends Build powerful advertising ideas on smart insights Find data you can trust Global advertising data to help you make the right judgments Who uses WARC WARC is used by major companies from all corners of the advertising industry. Advertisers Benchmark your plans and improve your effectiveness Agencies Win new business, and grow your existing clients Media Owners Drive ad revenue by building a compelling case for your channel Universities Educate students, inform teaching and drive research Explore Get to know WARC through a few of our most popular resources. Awards Submit your case study to one of WARC's free-to-enter awards schemes WARC 100 Our annual ranking of the world's top marketing campaigns and companies News & Opinion Daily coverage of key developments for marketers worldwide Webinars Learn how to tackle marketing challenges from leading experts in our series of in-depth webinars Case Finder Search our cases by industry, media and more Topics Best practice and guidance on 100+ marketing topics Contact us Our offices around the world. Americas 2233 Wisconsin Ave NW Suite 535 Washington, DC 20007 United States t: +1 202 778 0680 e: americas@warc.com Asia Pacific 20A Teck Lim Road 088391 Singapore t: +65 3157 6200 e: asiapacific@warc.com EMEA 85 Newman Street London W1T 3EU United Kingdom t: +44 (0)20 7467 8100 e: enquiries@warc.com Full details for all offices > Log in Get a demo Tools Case Finder WARC 100 Strategy Toolkit ROI Benchmarker WARC Plus Pitch Builder Advanced Search Topics Topics Industry Sectors Geographies Best Practice Company Profiles Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Homepage Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards Log in Get a demo > Back Topics Brands & branding Campaign development Campaign measurement Consumer research & insight Marketing management Marketing strategy Media channels & touchpoints Media strategy Target audiences > Back Industry Sectors Alcoholic drinks Automotive Business & industrial Clothing & accessories Financial services Food Government & non-profit Household & domestic Leisure & entertainment Media & publishing Pharma & healthcare Retail Soft drinks Technology & electronics Telecoms & utilities Tobacco Toiletries & cosmetics Transport & tourism Geographies > Back Africa Australia & New Zealand Canada East Asia France Germany Greater China Italy Latin America Middle East & North Africa Russia & Eastern Europe South Asia South East Asia United Kingdom United States > Back Or try Advanced Search Get a demo Do I subscribe? News sign-up P&G's Pritchard to 'raise the bar' on creative News, 06 April 2017 GLOBAL: Procter & Gamble's position as the leading advertiser in the WARC 100 is a result of a conscious attempt to improve the quality of its creative output, according to Chief Brand Officer Marc Pritchard. "We believe that advertising is a powerful force for growth and good, and we want to be the very best at it," he said. "We've had a focused effort to raise the bar on our creative quality and work with the best agency partners to deliver growth for our brands," Pritchard told WARC. "It's great to see the positive results of our efforts in rankings such as the WARC 100." This is the annual ranking of the world's best marketing campaigns and companies according to their business impact. A campaign in India for P&G's Ariel detergent brand was the top campaign, while Procter & Gamble was the top advertiser. Pritchard took over as the chairman of the Association of National Advertisers in the US last year, with an agenda geared towards improving advertising quality, increasing accountability and being "a force for economic and societal good". Since then, he has been vocal across all these areas, notably when he called time on the numerous viewablity metrics being offered by different digital platforms. "We'd rather spend time working on better advertising than debating the viewability standard with another publisher or agency," he said at the IAB Annual Leadership Meeting in January this year, as he announced that P&G expected that all its agencies, media suppliers, and platforms to adopt MRC validation as standard during 2017. A few weeks later he was urging CMOs to "be willing to break some furniture" as they pursued greater media transparency across the digital ecosystem and offering them a script to take on the charlatans – or "head fakes" as he described them – on the supplier-side. "The biggest head fake is the one we put on ourselves," Pritchard said. "We're all spending significant amounts of money on digital media. The response is entirely up to each one of you in your companies. At P&G, we are choosing to vote with our dollars." Data sourced from WARC Sign up for daily news Latest News Google hires comScore to improve online safety News Brands should avoid 'hedonic contamination' News Unilever announces major shake-up News One in five UK consumers boycott brands News Asian retailers struggle with cross-device metrics News Thailand is best for online brand safety News Twitter Lite targets emerging markets News WhatsApp eyes digital payments in India View more News and Opinion More from WARC WARC 100: The world's best marketing campaigns and companies 2017 - Summary of results P&G's Pritchard takes on fakes, fraudsters and fearmongers Ariel Matic: Share The Load What we know about creativity and effectiveness Get a demo 
 Please enter your feedback. Submit Send feedback www.warc.com © Copyright 2017 All rights reserved including database rights. This electronic file is for the personal use of authorised users based at the subscribing company's office location. It may not be reproduced, posted on intranets, extranets or the internet, e-mailed, archived or shared electronically either within the purchaser's organisation or externally without express written permission from WARC. × Close Email this content Send colleagues a link to this content. To send to more than one recipient, put a comma between email addresss. Recipient name: Recipient email: Message (optional): Send me a copy of this email as well. Cancel Email Tools Case Finder WARC 100 ROI Benchmarker Strategy Toolkit WARC Plus Pitch Support Index Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards More About Contacts Help Sitemap Store Partners Event Listings Admap Best Practice Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions © 2017 Copyright and Database Rights owned by WARC By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more here Hide message WARC has a new look Here’s what’s changed: A new navigation bar, taking you to the best WARC content quickly A better, less cluttered search experience A reworked home page, with signposts to key areas of WARC A fully responsive site, making it easier to use WARC on the go Plus a new colour palette, new branding and a fresh look and feel across the site Learn More Maybe Later × Close Subscriber Login Not a subscriber? Forgotten your password? Login via Open Athens University Login Cancel Login
FRI, APR 07, 2017 | 2 °C Light rain Full Text Archive Danger Zone: Vaccination in Hamilton schools Spec 170th anniversary Spec Auctions Readers' Choice Columns Wellness Subscription Today's Paper In Your Neighbourhood Home & Garden Newsroom Insider podcast Event listings 3DownNation Hot topics Newspaper in Education Top Employers Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news business sports what's on opinion community Living Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs CRIME LOCAL ONTARIO CANADA WORLD BUSINESS 2 hours ago Golfing with Trump? Better leave your ego at the clubhouse Leave your ego in the clubhouse if you ever get the chance to golf with... Latest News SEE MORE Syria’s Assad faces mounting pressure after chemical attack 18,000 litres of diesel fuel stolen in Norfolk Oosterhoff’s anti-turbines motion voted down Business Links HamiltonBusiness.com , Young Professionals , Economic Development , Steeltown 10 hours ago Taser changing its name, will focus on body cameras Taser International, the company behind ubiquitous shock devices carried by... Latest Business News SEE MORE Celebrating Burlington's businesses Facebook launches resource to help spot misleading news Toy for toddlers doubles as code bootcamp LOCAL McMaster-university athletics End to End blog BULLDOGS - OHL Sports TV Listings TICATS - CFL SCRATCHING POST UREPORT Drew Edwards Steve Milton Teri Pecoskie Scott Radley Calendar Olympics 1 hour ago Lucic's hat trick leads Oilers past Sharks 4-2 Lucic's hat trick leads Oilers past Sharks 4-2 Latest Sports News SEE MORE Flames flatten Kings 4-1 as Gillies wins in first start Vrbata scores 2 to lead Coyotes past Canucks Harvey looks like ace of old; Mets top Braves 6-2 Contests Hamilton Events Burlington Events Movie news+reviews Movie Listings Art Arts & Entertainment BOOKS MUSIC RESTAURANT REVIEWS Television TV LIstings Theatre Wow Celebrity 1 hour ago Mel B's estranged husband wants spousal support Mel B's estranged husband Stephen Belafonte has requested she pay him... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE Shia LeBeouf thrown out of bowling alley over meltdown New on DVD: Force is strong with new DVD releases for April 4 Two Goblets: Different location, same fine food Editorial Commentary Letters Columnists Cartoons Blogs Commenting Guidelines Apr 04, 2017 The Spectator’s View: Council must support poverty investment You can say many things about Hamilton city council, some not... Inside Opinion: Spec viewpoint and community analysis VIEW MORE OPINION Contests Spec 170 Your Stories Eye on the Area Eye on the Area Photo Submissions Newspaper in Education Commenting Guidelines Power of the Pen Community Partnerships Family Legal Matters Money Matters Top Employers Canada 150 Home and Garden Environment 12 hours ago New Stoney Creek park still in search of a name, presence Almost a year and a half after an official unveiling, upper Stoney Creek’s... Latest Community Stories SEE MORE Signpost Tell us why you love Canada in short video, $1,000 travel voucher up for grabs Signpost Wheels.ca Family & Parenting Food Health & Fitness Home and Garden Home Style Travel 2 hours ago Bridal gowns made more casual for comfort Say so long to the poof. Latest Living Stories SEE MORE How to highlight, now Drew Edwards: The toilet is quiet again and I’m flushed with pride Lori Borgman: Fans scramble to the ‘grand’ attraction Announcements Autos Real Estate Rentals Eye on the Area Spectator Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Spectator Recruitment Advertising 905-526-3200 YourClassifieds.ca Up to 40% off Dinner and a Concert discount: 39% | value: $80.00 | You Save: $31.00 Time Remaining: 0 Days Has your disability claim been denied? Local Ads Business Listings Coupons Deals Flyers In Your Neighbourhood Readers' Choice Winners SpecStore.ca Taste of Your Neighbourhood Up to 40% off Dinner and a Concert discount: 39% | value: $80.00 | You Save: $31.00 Time Remaining: 0 Days Realize your dream cake with Sweetness Bakery –Ancaster’s first choice for nut-free treats Home News Business How hipster brands have the king of razors on the... | 11 hours ago  |  Vote 0    0 How hipster brands have the king of razors on the run Gillette Associated Press file photo Gillette shavers are displayed at Walmart store in Little Rock, Ark. next play/pause pre Waterloo Region Record By Thomas Heath   The razor business is all about the blades. Get consumers hooked on your razor, and they buy the highly profitable refill blades forever. That seemingly indestructible, high-margin revenue stream is what made Warren Buffett once fall in love with Gillette, which dominates the global razor business with an estimated 50 per cent market share. Buffett became one of its largest shareholders and added to his humongous fortune when the razor king was sold to Procter and Gamble for $57 billion in 2005. But Gillette's dominance is now at risk, with lower-priced, private-label upstarts like Dollar Shave Club and Harry's eroding market share that Gillette built over more than a century. Last week, Gillette began across-the-board price cuts averaging 12 per cent in an attempt to halt the inexorable surrender of its men's razor business to the newcomers. The Boston-based company, now a division of P&G, has seen its market share drop from 70 per cent in 2010 to 54 per cent in 2016. Barclays analyst Lauren Lieberman said Gillette's moves are too late. "We are not assuming that there's any material change in the long-term trajectory of the Gillette business as a result of these cuts," Lieberman said. "There is something about Dollar Shave and Harry's ... we are in a consumer environment where people like feeling they are making a differentiated personalized choice. Small and niche is in vogue." Gillette said its price offensive is hitting every part of its portfolio "as we speak." "We want to be available at all price points that men are looking for and give them the best shaving experience in that category, regardless of what they want to spend," Gillette spokesperson Barbara Diecker said. Diecker said refill blades for the Gillette Fusion, for example, will drop from $4.99 to $3.74 per blade, a savings of around 25 per cent. The company is also recharging its longtime "18th Birthday Program" initiative, with a goal of putting a Gillette razor handle and cartridge blade against the cheek of every American male turning 18. Parent P&G has a strong relationship with Amazon.com, which also helps the company's online sales, according to industry observers. "We are fully aware of the challenges we are facing as a North American business," Diecker said. For decades, Gillette was focused on a trade-up model similar to how General Motors encouraged its customers to start with Chevrolet and eventually buy up to Cadillac. Gillette prided itself on every seven years or so inventing new — and pricier — razors that would offer an even better shave. "Gillette was the only game out there for high-quality shave," Lieberman said. "The idea was if you were a (Gillette) Sensor user, when they launched Mach3, to get Sensors to trade up to Mach3. Then trade up from Mach3 to Fusion, an even better shave." That business model was always in place." Rival Schick disrupted Gillette's cycle several years back with its own innovations such as the Quattro. Then along came the Dollar Shave Club, Harry's and even smaller players such as 800razors.com. "This is not a new issue," Lieberman said. She said Gillette realized they needed to emphasize lower price products, but they waited too long to launch them. "If I go back to 2012, they were already losing share and it was before the advent of the Dollar Shave Club."         The Washington Post | Latest News City Hall Hamilton's LRT critics making headway in Mississauga Snapshot Education York Region teacher's licence revoked after having sex with a student Snapshot Local Stingy spending, cuts leading to average tax hike of 2.1 per cent in Hamilton Snapshot Local Blown away by Augusta Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos ArtsEntertainment VIDEO: Goat Yoga Local CityLife: On location on Ottawa ArtsEntertainment PHOTOS: Junos red carpet Local Video: Popsicle stick bridge challenge The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Hamilton couple in $6 million cocaine case described as ‘loyal and trustful' Father of Ancaster alleged ‘hacker for hire' vows to keep his son out of trouble Stingy spending, cuts leading to average tax hike of 2.1 per cent in Hamilton Girl found living with monkeys in Indian forest Principal resigns after high school students investigate her credentials In Your Neighbourhood Today Cool your engine with proper system maintenance Putney's Brake & Alignment Service in Hamilton knows how heated drivers can get when their cooling... Sharp Monuments has the urn to suit your needs Hamilton's Sharp Monuments understands that remembering those who were close to you is an important... Now playing: New Burlington’s Paradigm East Building on the success of Paradigm Condominiums’ virtually sold out West and Centre Towers, the... Plumbing expertise: A look into what’s required to meet all industry needs Binbrook Plumbing & Heating in Binbrook, Ontario, sometimes finds customers don’t always have a... Award-winning salon delivers trendy hairstyles and exceptional community service Albert Snow Hair Design Group in Hamilton is an award-winning salon that will help you achieve the... Reptiles may be cold-blooded, but they can still warm your heart The popularity of pet reptiles is on the rise, and the team at Big Al’s Pet Supercentres in... A & A Exhaust Systems has your vehicle’s hard-to-find exhaust parts Your car’s exhaust is one of the most important parts of your vehicle, and that’s why Hamilton... Fine dining in style doesn't have to be expensive Fine dining doesn't have to be cost prohibitive, which happens to be a mission of Aberfoyle Mill... Open your mind and floor space with multi-purpose furniture So, you’ve moved into a rather small, but cute apartment and you want to make it feel like home.... Sterling Honda is Hamilton’s first choice for new or previously owned Honda vehicles Sterling Honda, located at 1495 Upper James Street, is proud to be the Greater Hamilton Area’s... Plants of steel with TERRA featuring Carson Arthur Every time I travel south for the winter, I fall in love with all of the amazing plants that grow... Institutional plumbing: Industrial demands with people in mind Institutional plumbing has some of the heaviest demands in the industry placed on it, but Binbrook... Reverse osmosis: Water with taste and purity Reverse osmosis water — available at Soul Water Plus in Hamilton — is quickly earning a reputation... Simplify your life with Jans Awnings If you’re one of the many people who aims to simplify their life in 2017, you can start with remote... Maintaining family values is a priority at Hamilton Auto & Cooling Paul Jeffery, owner of Hamilton Auto & Cooling on Upper Wellington Street in Hamilton, knows the... Who can heal your dishwasher? The Appliance Doctor can Before you junk your broken dishwasher, talk to the experts at The Appliance Doctor in Hamilton to... Benefits you may be entitled to in the event of an accident Even if you don’t have an income, you may still be entitled to benefits or compensation if you are... Brake maintenance: The key to safe stopping Putney's Brake & Alignment Service in Hamilton is a leading provider of quality diagnostic services... Legal Matters: Multi-generational living Question: My son and his wife have asked me to move in with them. Should I speak to my lawyer... The top 5 reasons to get adjusted by a chiropractor Dr. Barbara Sloat’s Ancaster Cold Laser & Chiropractic Clinic in Ancaster, Ontario, is a leader... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   54% off New York Hand-Cut AA/AAA Striploin Steaks $80 View Deal 65% off Ground Turkey $25 View Deal 95% off Prescription Eyeglasses $15 View Deal 56% off Ground Bison $35 View Deal Up to 53% off Window Cleaning $59 View Deal 35% off a 4-Course Dinner $49 View Deal 65% off Ground Chicken $25 View Deal 44% off Bacon-Wrapped Sirloin Steaks $75 View Deal View All Deals MORE BUSINESS Celebrating Burlington's businesses Sign of the times? Solar panels power Kentucky Coal Museum Postmedia CEO warns of more cost-cutting to come TSX lifted by energy and bank stocks Royal Bank CEO 'concerned' about house prices PreviousNext CIBC, RBC on defensive over sales tactics Royal Bank CEO ‘increasingly concerned’ about Toronto, Vancouver housing markets TheSpec Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Policy Advertise With Us Become a Carrier Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Contact Us Corporate Sales Eye on the Area Photo Submissions FAQ Manage My Subscription Mobile Newsletter Signup Print Editions Sitemap SpecStore.ca Staff Directory Today's Paper Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BramptonGuardian.com BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com HamiltonNews.com InsideHalton.com Mississauga.com NiagaraThisWeek.com NorfolkNews.ca Sachem.ca TheRecord.com Resources GoldBook.ca InsuranceHotline.com LeaseBusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
null
Adweek Network TVNewser TVSpy AgencySpy Fishbowl Social Pro Daily Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media Search Search Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Network TVNewser TVSpy AgencySpy Fishbowl Social Pro Daily More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2017 Adweek All Rights Reserved Unilever Promises to Cut Its Agency Roster in Half and Fire Its Consultants Advertisement NEXT:MullenLowe London Names José Miguel Sokoloff as Chief Creative Officer PREVIOUS:Thursday Odds and Ends Ad Biz | What The?? Unilever Promises to Cut Its Agency Roster in Half and Fire Its Consultants By Patrick Coffee on Apr. 6, 2017 - 5:14 PMComment In a call with Bloomberg this morning, Unilever CFO Graeme Pitkethly officially confirmed the conglomerate’s status as the new P&G by promising to run “30 percent fewer ads as part of a cost-cutting drive.” The Bloomberg writeup focuses on the damage this announcement did to WPP’s stock price: a 4.4 percent dive. But if you look at the chart, this was nothing compared to last month’s dip, which came after Sir Martin warned of “a slow 2017” due to WPP losing the VW and AT&T media accounts to Omnicom. Here’s the part of the story that really stood out to us: The company, which is also selling off its spreads business, aims to reduce the number of creative agencies it employs by about half, Pitkethly said on a call with investors — a move which could benefit large agency owners like WPP. Oh, and Unilever will also reduce the number of consultants it hires by more than 40 percent. See, not all news is bad! This is all part of a bigger restructuring that follows the February takeover offer from Kraft Heinz (read: Brazilians’ attempts to rule the world a little bit faster). According to Reuters, investors who were a little miffed about the Kraft denial will get a $5.3 billion share buyback…and many of Unilever’s marketing partners will get screwed. Don’t worry too much about WPP, though. Its stock hit an all-time high last summer. < Previous Article Next Article > Advertisement Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Advertisement Get AgencySpy delivered straight to your inbox Receive the Morning Media Newsfeed Receive news and offers from our friends and sponsors Thank you for subscribing. Please check your email to confirm An error has occurred, please try again later Please enter a valid email address Please confirm with the Recaptcha Recaptcha response was incorrect This email address is already subscribed to the selected list(s). You have been opted out of all Adweek Network Newsletters. Send an anonymous tip Advertisement Featured Jobs Awards, Honors & Events Intern Adweek New York City, New York (US) Features Editor, Consumer Reports Magazine Consumer Reports Yonkers, New York Editorial Intern Haymarket Media Group Northbrook, Illinois (US) Oncology Writer Haymarket Media Group New York City, New York (US) Ad Sales Account Manager Adweek New York City, New York (US) See more Jobs » Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Featured Courses Search Marketing Optimize your website through SEO, social media, and digital outreach Learn more >   Facebook Marketing Get smart about how to use Facebook for business Learn more >   Copywriting for Social Media Maximize your clicks, shares, retweets, and pin Learn more >   Skills in 60: How to Name Your Brand or Product Develop a unique name for any brand, product, or business Learn more >   See more Courses > Advertisement Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Advertisement Adweek Network Adweek Network TVNewser TVSpy AgencySpy Fishbowl Social Pro Daily About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2017 Adweek All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Network TVNewser TVSpy AgencySpy Fishbowl Social Pro Daily More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com
null
Toggle navigation Entertainment All Entertainment TV Movies Covers Music Sports Cars Newsletter Culture All Culture Fashion Beauty Travel Food Education Cocktail & Beer News All News Business Politics Health Real Estate Criminal Behavior Obituaries Publisher's Blog Promotions Videos Videos Photos Rollingout × Search Entrepreneurs & Business Leaders Merry Green talks Black Women’s Expo and the importance of Black businesses By Eddy "Precise" Lamarre  |  April 6, 2017 1:43 PM EST Photo courtesy of Merry Green The Black Women’s Expo has been showcasing Black businesses and women for 23 years. It is a highly anticipated event each year in the city of Chicago. We spoke with the founder, Merry Green, about the expo, its impact on the community and a few of her most memorable moments. Talk about the importance of the Black Women’s Expo. We probably didn’t think how important it was when we started 23 years ago. It was a radio station-generated event. The expo started as a way to really empower women. It was focused on African American women because that was the largest part of our audience at the time. There were a lot of issues going on in our community at that time and we weren’t really talking about those issues. It became an event to really focus on the issues through workshops and seminars. We didn’t know it was going to take off and be the kind of event that people look forward to. We didn’t know that this event would give so many opportunities to small-business owners. Small-business owners are near and dear to my heart because what we saw over the years is that we don’t have the same opportunities to showcase our businesses in a way that we can afford. Why is it important to spotlight Black businesses? I think the culture and the climate that we are living in now makes it very clear on why we should showcase our own business. We have to take care of ourselves. We have to stop depending on others to care about what is happening to us, our plight, what we have and what we don’t have. We showcase these businesses and give them a leg up so that they can grow. We give them an opportunity to bring their business to their target audiences which most of the time is African American. It’s important. We all talk about buy Black and bank Black but first you have to know where those businesses are. An event like an expo where we have 300 small-business owners you can certainly find almost everything that you need and use in your home. Many of the vendors and exhibitors are first-time business owners. During our exhibitors meeting we talk about set up, how to market your business, how to take advantage of the audience and other ways to promote their business. People come from all over the country to participate in this. We are the longest running exposition for African American consumers, specifically African American women. We have the track record and corporate brands support us. We continue to do things that are good for the community. How different is it securing corporate sponsors now than it was 20 years ago? We have a sizable number of corporate partners supporting the show now. Our new partners are Procter & Gamble, My Black is Beautiful as well as Colgate. We are very excited about these partnerships they will benefit the youth and Black women. It’s very different now. When we started the show it wasn’t easy. 23 years ago there were a lot of companies that were not supporting Black products or services. It was obvious; no one had any shame about it. That’s just how it was back then. In my opinion the feeling from the corporations was Blacks may buy our products or use our services but we don’t have to advertise to them. That opportunity helped us and was a great tool because we provide them an opportunity to see and feel the Black consumer. These days its easier. We know we are one of the most sought after consumers. We realize our buying power and they [corporations] do too. We also have a good track record; we have been consistent. There hasn’t been a year where we haven’t done the expo. It’s become easier for corporations to look at us. They see the numbers and the crowds that we bring. Nielsen did a survey and we were astonished to find out that people were coming from 146 ZIP codes and 14 states. What is it about Chicago that makes the expo so successful? We are second to Atlanta when it comes to Black business owners and entrepreneurs. This is our home, this is where we began and we have some incredible media partners. What other city can you be in where the top two radio stations are in your market through iheartmedia? V103, WGCI and inspiration 1390 are the most beloved radio stations in this market by African Americans. ABC 7 is the most watched television station for African Americans in this market. What are some of the most memorable moments of the expo. We do an award at the gala called The Phenomenal Woman Award named for Dr. Maya Angelou’s poem. She was going to be one of our very first awardees and our keynote speaker. The night before the gala her people decided they were going to switch hotels and we were fine with that. The next morning when we were setting up at the expo I got a call on my cell from her people saying that she was not going to be able to come. I said “What?!” The gala sold out because people knew Dr. Maya Angelou would be there. I started calling my advisory committee and Nicky Zoeller, who is well known in the city, said she would see if Oprah was in town. I’m thinking to myself we would never get Oprah. The agency that got us Dr. Angelou started calling me saying we can get you this person, we can get you that person and I remember saying to them that we have people in Chicago bigger than who you are naming. The only person that will do would be Oprah and we got her. We didn’t tell the audience. When it came time to introduce the keynote, one of the prominent women in Chicago explained that Dr. Angelou was not coming. You could hear a big sigh of disappointment. Then right after that the audience was told we have the next best thing. Then Oprah came from the back and the women went wild. The stood up and were cheering. I was so emotional because I was a wreck about the entire situation, [so] I walked to the back of the ballroom and stood outside of the lobby. A very prominent advertising executive walked past and looked at me and asked me what was wrong. She saw my tears and said, “Girl you walk on water, nobody gets Oprah.” Oprah did Maya’s poem; it was incredible. The very next year, Dr. Maya Angelou came. What can attendees expect from Congresswoman Maxine Waters? You can expect a strong Black woman. That’s how she responded to Bill O’Reilly and all of the nastiness that occurred. I think her message is going to be inspirational for all of us. We will not be intimidated. We are so excited to have her this year. What will be different at this year’s expo? We work hard to keep the show fresh and new every year. We needed to make sure we had something for the millennials and the younger women. We have Dreezy on the bill as one of the performers. She is a platinum-selling artist from Chicago. Doing this helps us get the support of the young people for the event. K. Michelle is also on the bill for this year. Kandi Burruss from “Real Housewives of Atlanta” will also be there. We have a culinary corner [where] chefs will be showcasing their cooking skills and cuisine. We have a networking lounge. We also have a winery and brewery there owned by Black men that will be sampling their product. We have some great things this year and we are taking it to the next level. What words of encouragement do you have for aspiring entrepreneurs? Never give up. I know it sounds cliché, but you can never give up. I have been in business for 25 years and it can be very up and down. My mother had a favorite saying, she would say “Put one foot before the other.” People will try to knock you down, but if you stay strong and stay focused, you can make it. The Black Women’s Expo runs from Friday, April 7 to Sunday, April 9 at The McCormick Place in Chicago. Check the website,  http://www.theblackwomensexpo.com/ for details. Share this: Tweet More Email Print More on rollingout.com Chicago teen Maurice Harris murdered 4 men hours after his father was killed 14-year-old Chicago teen arrested for alleged gang rape on Facebook Live Maxine Waters inspires Black women and millennials to stand tall Asadah Kirkland talks Black literacy and beating kids Eddy "Precise" Lamarre Eddy Lamarre aka Precise is a father, emcee, motivational speaker, blogger and performing artist. Follow his blog at precisemuzic.com Follow @precise_chi Most Talked About Is Atlanta homeless man being railroaded over bridge fire? 8 Pepsi and Kendall Jenner mock Black Lives Matter protests in new commercial 7 Featured Video Gabrielle Union shares how Dwyane Wade’s injury affected their sex life 15 hours ago Featured Photos ‘The Get Down’ star Shameik Moore gets fly in spring fashion 18 hours ago   Merry Green talks Black Women’s Expo and the importance of Black businesses Sumptuous Spirits mobile bartending serves up cocktails and luxury experiences Nonprofit CEO Obioma Martin has a passion for women and children’s development 1 Zina Brown shares why NABFEME University in Atlanta is a must-attend event Kadeem Dunwell instills confidence, inspiration and hope in young entrepreneurs Hey bosses, Miller Lite Tap the Future has $100K for your big idea Get ‘Winked’ with Krystle Newman Get motivated with Charles A. Brown; character and words are powerful Successful women balancing a business and full-time motherhood Morgan DeBaun’s top tips on preparing for Blavity’s EmpowerHer17 conference Gwennetta Wright offers major keys to building success 2 The Table of 10 wants to plan your wedding 1 © Rolling Out. Contact Us Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. marketing automation
Home Mail News Sport Finance Celebrity Style Weather Answers Flickr Mobile More Yahoo Search Search News Home Follow us UK Yahoo Originals World Finance Sport Motoring Science & Tech Celebrity TV Movies Style Weather News Video Viral New History of DARPA Reveals Wacky, Terrifying Schemes Nina Burleigh Newsweek6 April 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share New History of DARPA Reveals Wacky, Terrifying SchemesMore The story of science in the service of war could start just about anywhere in human history, from Persia with Alexander the Great to Egypt with Napoleon. In her book about the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), the U.S. government’s defense science agency, Sharon Weinberger selects as her starting point Nagasaki and the point of view of a 6-year-old boy waking up in a city of rubble and seared flesh after the second, and (so far) last, atomic bomb ever used on Earth.   That cataclysmic moment is indeed the right place to begin the story of DARPA, because it was that agency’s scientists who were tasked with applying their genius to a dark, new reality. “The atomic bomb had proved that knowledge was power and whatever nation had the most knowledge would have an edge in the next war,” Weinberger writes.   Related: DARPA wants to hack your brain Trending: Museum Shows U.S. WWI Posters Timely in Trump's America She tells of an aide to President Dwight D. Eisenhower’s secretary of defense, who had formerly been in charge of Procter & Gamble, who wrote after his first “doomsday tour” of America’s nuclear Armageddon machine—around the time DARPA began—that he had entered a world “where horror is as much a part of the scene as manufacturing cost is in the soap business.” One of the agency’s first jobs was to arrange putting the first U.S. rocket-launched capsule into outer space, a project hastily pulled together in order to catch up with the Soviets, who were already sending dogs aloft. The space race was “a propaganda war” and—hard to imagine today—the U.S. was losing. But NASA soon took over the space projects—even as the Defense Department was proposing moon bases—and the DARPA scientists turned to another big job in the jungles of Southeast Asia. In Vietnam in 1950, the U.S. Embassy in Saigon didn’t have a single officer who spoke Vietnamese. What they lacked in cultural understanding, though, the Americans made up for with science. By 1961, the U.S. was moving closer to war, as the scientists’ psy-ops schemes weren’t working to deter the Viet Cong. One plan was to play on local superstitions. (In the Philippines, an American adman-turned-CIA-officer had persuaded the anti-communist government to capture a rebel, drain his blood and leave two puncture holes in his neck, to play on villagers’ fear of vampires.) DARPA men also proposed herding pro-U.S. peasants into “strategic hamlets.” Social engineering took second place to designing new hardware and weapons. For Vietnam, DARPA men dreamed up a fuel-efficient “airborne Volkswagen,” land mines disguised as rocks, thermobaric weapons and hormone-based plant killers to defoliate communist hideouts. The chemical defoliant Agent Orange was one of the agency’s Vietnam legacies. Don't miss: Russia: Jehovah's Witnesses Break Law by Refusing Blood Transfusions The bizarre and crazy plans cooked up by DARPA’s mad scientists over the years could fill many books, and Weinberger was spoiled for choice. A physicist named Nicholas Christofilos wanted to build a planetary force field to protect America from nuclear weapons. When that didn’t prove feasible, he came up with “Project Seesaw,” which involved drilling tunnels under the continent through which particle beams could be accelerated and aimed at incoming missiles. He solved the problem of the colossal expense of drilling such tunnels by proposing to nuke the holes. “Think of it like a suppository,” Christofilos told skeptical fellow scientists. “As it goes through the rock, it creates a perfect tube.” An effective particle beam would also drain the entire U.S. electrical grid, so he proposed nuking another vast hole next to the Great Lakes and draining them in just 15 minutes to power vast generators. A scientist who was there for that presentation said it went over well. The scientists in the room “all nodded their head and said, ‘My God, Nick, that may work.’” Project Seesaw was never funded at the requested $300 million, but it was, Weinberger writes, the longest-lasting project the agency ever planned, still on the table the mid-’70s. Even though they were working for the war machine, DARPA’s scientists did incidentally improve civilian technology. The Advanced Research Projects Agency Network (ARPANET), a computer communications system for the nuclear program, was a prototype for the internet. And DARPA’s desperate efforts to distinguish between aboveground nuclear weapons tests and earthquakes led to advances and standards in seismology worldwide. Read More Most popular: Russian Military Jets in Syria May Be Sold to South America After John F. Kennedy’s assassination, the agency looked for ways to protect future presidents. Privately, they code-named the project Operation Barn Door—as in what you close after the horse escapes. Among the ideas: create a “mirage producing system” to heat air or gas around the speaking president to foil marksmen. Also, putting a fake, bulletproof sunshade on his head, an idea, the scientists suggested, that might also require “spreading fake weather reports” to justify its use. Notoriously, they spent tens of millions of dollars on psychics to test ESP. In this effort, they didn’t go quite as far as the Russians, who were intrigued by a theory of parapsychology that proposed a link between mothers and children in which mothers might sense an offspring’s death over long distances. The Soviets tested it using mother and baby bunnies, and, according to Weinberger, it worked so well the Soviets considered bunnies a possible communications tool for submarines. DARPA’s greatest accomplishment was probably stealth technology for aircraft. Memories of the tests it ran out of Area 51 continue to fuel UFO lore. But the agency’s relevance was on the wane even before the end of the Cold War. DARPA was not directly involved when President Ronald Reagan approved the Star Wars missile defense initiative. But after 9/11, the agency did help the government harvest information via the internet and satellites. After Congress voted to end that Total Information Awareness program in 2002, the effort didn’t really die; it just went to black agencies. In the government’s crafting of a total surveillance state, the legacy of DARPA “ran much deeper” than any single program, Weinberger writes. Her book introduces a cast of men—some actual mad scientists; others the kind of government bureaucrats who differ from each other over the years only in whether they wore suit and tie, bell-bottoms and tie dye, or leisure suits—the operative word being men. The agency had been around for five decades when President Barack Obama appointed the first female director. By that time, DARPA was holding competitions for self-driving cars in the Mojave Desert and inventing a ridiculous handheld device called the “Phraselator” that U.S. warfighters could hold up to interrogate Afghans in the field. It turned out the Afghans were more likely to tell the truth to a human than a handheld device. The relevance of the federal agency in the creation of futuristic civilian-used devices currently pales in comparison with what’s going on in the private sector, where Silicon Valley and Elon Musk have taken the lead. Ultimately, this story is a sad one: scientists in the service of a war machine who left lifetime legacies both laughable and terrifying. The Imagineers of War: The Untold Story of DARPA, the Pentagon Agency That Changed the World, by Sharon Weinberger (Knopf, 496 pages). More from Newsweek U.S. Military Plans Cyborg Soldiers with new DARPA Project How Science Can Help Cities Prepare for Subway Attacks The Future of Science: What Astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson Thinks About Aliens, Elon Musk and Traveling to Mars Reblog Share Tweet Share What to read next Darpa building full-sized, high-speed electric X-Plane following successful test flights International Business Times Syria airstrikes: US targets airfield in first direct military action against Assad The Guardian French presidential election: Poll tracker and odds The Telegraph Policeman caught running away from mouse News Video Explosion in St Petersburg metro station 'kills 10 people and injures 50' US air strike on Syria: how the world reacted to Donald Trump's decision to intervene in civil war The Telegraph Retro gadgets that are making a comeback Siberia: Extremely rare 40,000-year-old porcupine remains discovered International Business Times Five Habits Better for You Than Sitting at Your Desk Yahoo UK Originals Drinking gin can speed up your metabolism, say scientists Prima FBI releases harrowing pictures showing the aftermath of the 9/11 attacks NASA will destroy a $3.26 billion Saturn probe this summer to protect an alien water world Business Insider UK After nearly 10 months of chaos the pound is finally returning to normal Business Insider UK How the papers covered Brexit day Car rams into bus stop in occupied West Bank euronews Videos 105-year-old celebrates with rollercoaster ride ITN By using Yahoo you agree that Yahoo and partners may use Cookies for personalisation and other purposes
provisioner-processorCreated with Sketch. Slice 2Created with Sketch. Sign In Create Account Sign Out My Account provisioner-processorCreated with Sketch. Slice 2Created with Sketch. Home Departments Expert Commentary New Consumer Products Food Safety Processing Packaging Formulation Strategies Ingredients Sustainability Regulations Exclusives Processor Profiles Special Reports Top 100 Processors Processor of the Year Plant of the Year Multimedia ProvisionerTV Mobile App Webinars eNewsletters Podcasts eBooks Interactive Product Spotlights News Industry News Supplier News Magazine The National Provisioner Independent Processor Digital Editions IP Digital Editions SourceBook / Buyer's Guide More Associations Calendar Food Safety Summit Classifieds Market Research Modern Deli Provisioner Store Custom Content & Marketing Services White Papers Sponsor Insights Contact Connect Advertise Subscribe Print Edition Subscriptions Digital Edition Subscriptions Provisioner Prime eNewsletter Online Registration Subscription Customer Service Mobile App Connect with the National Provisioner Home » Abeles & Heymann names new VP of Sales Meat and Poultry Industry News Abeles & Heymann names new VP of Sales April 6, 2017 KEYWORDS abeles & heymann / appointment Reprints No Comments Hod Golan and Abeles & Heymann announce that Gary Benninghoff has joined the company as Vice President of Sales. As Vice President of sales, Mr. Benninghoff will be responsible for managing and growing sales across the nation for both renowned Glatt Kosher food companies. Mr. Benninghoff brings more than 25 years of experience in the major blue chip food market, including his extensive sales expertise at, Farmland Foods, Proctor and Gamble, Kraft, Heinz Frozen Food Division, McCain Foods and Volpi to name a few. His vast experience and track record of success at these companies will be a major asset in further expanding sales across Kosher and Mainstream categories. He is also the winner of numerous awards including ; Retail Regional Manager of the Year for Farmland Foods, and The Top Performer’s Award as Northeast Regional Manager in numerous positions. “I am thrilled to be joining these two illustrious Kosher food companies,” said Gary Benninghoff. “They both offer the most healthful and delicious meats I have ever tasted! My decades of experience will help lead Hod Golan plus Abeles and Heymann to even greater heights across the U.S.” “Gary is a tremendous addition to our team and his experience in managing market dynamics, nurturing client relationships, and producing results is outstanding,” said Micha Rakaby, CEO of Hod Golan “He is well known for his strong integrity, teamwork, positive attitude and a strong work ethic.” “With our focus on expanding our grocery business and the tremendous success we are having we are confident Gary’s talent will lead us to even more growth”, stated Seth Leavitt, President of Abeles & Heymann. Source: Abeles & Heymann Did you enjoy this article? Click here to subscribe to The National Provisioner. Related Articles Abeles & Heymann launches new MAP packaging on all sliced deli Abeles & Heymann’s kosher deli items are newly available at BJ’s Wholesale Clubs Abeles & Heymann incorporates modified atmosphere packaging to its sliced deli products Abeles & Heymann offers up uncured premium beef frankfurters containing no artificial nitrates, nitrites Related Products The NEW Launch Plan: 152 Tips, Tactics and Trends from the Most Memorable New Products Handbook of Meat, Poultry and Seafood Quality, second edition Microbiology of Thermally Preserved Foods: Canning and Novel Physical Methods The Future of the Fish & Seafood Market in the US, to 2019 Related Events Food Plant of the Future: Surviving and Thriving with Automation Food Plant of the Future: Using Design to Increase Productivity and Drive Down Unit Costs Food Plant of the Future: The Future of Wastewater Management NEW COURSE! Micro 101 One day course $499 Related Directories New York State Assn. of Meat Processors Butcher Boy Machines Mar/Co Sales Inc. Wire Belt Co. of America You must login or register in order to post a comment. Report Abusive Comment Thank you for helping us to improve our forums. Is this comment offensive? Please tell us why. 
 Subscribe For Free! Print Edition Subscriptions Digital Edition Subscriptions Provisioner Prime eNewsletter Online Registration Subscription Customer Service Mobile App Connect with The National Provisioner More Videos Sponsored Content Sponsored Content is a special paid section where industry companies provide high quality, objective, non-commercial content around topics of interest to the The National Provisioner audience. All Sponsored Content is supplied by the advertising company. Interested in participating in our Sponsored Content section? Contact your local rep. Close Sponsored By Pure Bioscience Through The Looking Glass: Key Food Safety Challenges For 2017 The meat and poultry industry must constantly seek food-safety solutions that are superior to those currently in place. With that in mind, we offer three food-safety concerns facing businesses in 2017 and 10 questions that every company should ask regarding FSMA. Events November 16, 2016 Redefining Clean: Changing Blender Cleaning for Worker Safety In this educational webinar, Packer Sanitation Services, Inc. will cover better ways to maintain food safety with quality equipment while keeping employees safe. New blender cleaning solutions that don't involve energizing will be discussed. Attendees will walk away with knowledge that will help them strive towards improved safety conditions in food processing plants that utilize blenders. June 14, 2017 Global Pouch Forum 2017 This global conference networking event and exhibition, celebrating its 20th year, will again attract the largest target gathering in North America of end users, converters, and suppliers of materials, components, closure, and machinery for all types of pouches. View All Submit An Event Products The National Provisioner Source Book The Sourcebook is an exclusive buyer’s guide and reference tool for product and supplier information in the meat, poultry and seafood marketplace. See More Products The National Provisioner March 2017 The March 2017 issue of The National Provisioner features our cover story on Case Farms, the 2017 Burger Report, and much more! View More Subscribe Independent Processor February 2017 The February 2017 issue of Independent Processor features our cover story on Eickman’s Processing, how Ramar Foods is introducing Filipino cuisine to mainstream America, and much more. View More Subscribe Proteins Beef Pork Chicken Turkey Burgers Sausage Bacon Deli Seafood Lamb / Veal More List Rental Partners Want More Food | Beverage | Packaging Group Privacy Policy Expert Commentary Editors Viewpoint Fight for Food Safety Legislative Copyright ©2017. All Rights Reserved BNP Media. Design, CMS, Hosting & Web Development :: ePublishing
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports My Success Story CNBC Upstart 25 CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities SXSW Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × The Big Crunch White House staff members hold investments similar to other people — just a lot of them Mark Fahey | Nick Wells 17 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Trading stocks like a White House official    Wednesday, 5 Apr 2017 | 4:45 PM ET | 01:55 Now you can invest like a West Wing staffer. The White House last Friday released financial disclosure forms for many of its senior officials. The documents include income and liabilities, as well as specific investments held by the staffers. The administration didn't make the hundreds of pages of documents easily accessible — it required the public to ask for each document by staffers' names, and would not say which of them had completed disclosures. CNBC dug through more than 80 disclosures collected by ProPublica to find the stocks held most often by the staff. For all the much-ballyhooed complexity of the Trump staff members' finances, their investment choices seemed remarkably run of the mill. They hold the usual mix of mutual funds and the occasional gold fund or bitcoin. But their equities generally mimic the rest of the market. The most commonly held S&P 500 stocks are familiar names like Apple, General Electric and Microsoft. The disclosures are a snapshot of assets at the time employees start working in the White House, and there's no guarantee that they'll maintain the holdings. White House staff members who earn more than $161,755 are required to fill out the forms within 30 days of starting. The disclosures are checked and confirmed by lawyers, and divestitures recommended. CNBC's analysis included all reported stock holdings worth more than $1,000 or producing at least $200 in income, excluding assets related to employment like retirement accounts. About 30 of the documents examined included such equities. Senior adviser Steve Bannon, for example, did not list any stocks on his financial disclosure, while Chris Liddell, an assistant to the president and director of strategic initiatives and former executive at Microsoft and General Motors, owned hundreds of stocks. Overall, the S&P 500 sectors owned by the Trump staff are very close to the general distribution of those sectors in the index. People in the new administration seem to be more fond than average of technology stocks like Amazon, Facebook and Google, and consumer staples companies like Kraft Heinz, CVS and Procter & Gamble. They were slightly more likely to avoid companies in the consumer discretionary, industrials and real estate sectors, according to the data. Since the disclosures were made public, reporters have looked closely at not only stocks, but all assets and income listed in the filings. Bannon earned more than $500,000 last year from entities connected to a pair of heavyweight GOP donors, Politico found. Jared Kushner and wife Ivanka Trump are retaining control of a portfolio worth at least $240 million in New York real estate, according to The Associated Press. Because staffers are required to provide only a broad range of value for any given asset rather than an exact sum, it's impossible to know for sure how much members of the administration are worth. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos is likely the richest of the lot, with assets valued at $579 million to $1.5 billion, according to the New York Times. Kushner, Gary Cohn and Wilbur Ross all have upper estimates over half a billion dollars. Room for future conflicts Stocks that are commonly held as part of a broad investment portfolio can be considered conflicts of interest in the hands of powerful public servants. Other holdings could simply be considered unseemly. At least three staffers invested in Rockwell Automation, which produces equipment and software to help factories increase their use of robotic workers — possibly a liability in an administration that has emphasized saving manufacturing jobs. And Liddell had up to $15,000 invested in Herbalife, the nutritional supplement company that's been the focus of a heated investor battle for years. The company was cleared by the Federal Trade Commission last summer of allegations that it operated a pyramid scheme. Some of the biggest companies in the country are government contractors, and are well represented in White House staffers' portfolios. Contractors could be of particular interest to investors looking to trade based on the administration because their revenue is often highly dependent on decisions made in Washington. All the big defense firms can be found in the financial disclosures, and many paid out healthy dividends last year. Liddell is also invested in General Dynamics, the defense contractor that produces missile and marine systems for the government, among other things. Both Liddell and Director of Legislative Affairs Marc Short owned shares in Lockheed Martin. At least four White House staff members owned shares in the defense contractor United Technologies. The company also is the parent of air conditioner manufacturer Carrier Corp, which made news in November when it was the first of many companies to attract Trump's wrath after it made plans to move jobs to Mexico. Trump announced that 1,100 of those jobs would be saved, though that number was later revised down to 800 jobs. The filings do not indicate all of the stocks that will be divested as part of standard ethics screening. The White House said in a statement on March 31 that the disclosures were a snapshot in time and said reporters would have to seek out additional information on retained assets in the future. "These are incredibly successful individuals, very high net worth, very sophisticated, complex asset structures, numerous sub-LLCs, trusts and other items, all of which have to be worked through," the statement said. "And for those who are fans of 'Spinal Tap,' these were the 'elevens' out of ten on the scale." Mark FaheyData Journalist Nick WellsData Journalist Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AAPL --- S&P 500 --- FB --- AMZN --- MSFT --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Friday, April 07, 2017, 2:04 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Business / New brands have king of razors on the run By Thomas Heath The Washington Post This article was published April 6, 2017 at 1:00 a.m. Comments aAFont Size The high-margin revenue stream from disposable razors that made Warren Buffett once fall in love with Gillette is now at risk, with lower-priced, private-label upstarts such as Dollar Shave Club and Harry's eroding market share that Gillette built over more than a century. Gilette dominates the global razor business with an estimated 50 percent market share. Last week, the company began across-the-board price cuts averaging 12 percent in an attempt to halt the inexorable surrender of its the men's razor business to the newcomers. The Boston-based company, now a division of Procter & Gamble, has seen its market share drop from 70 percent in 2010 to 54 percent in 2016. Barclays analyst Lauren Lieberman said Gillette's moves are too late. "We are not assuming that there's any material change in the long-term trajectory of the Gillette business as a result of these cuts," Lieberman said in an interview. "There is something about Dollar Shave and Harry's ... we are in a consumer environment where people like feeling they are making a differentiated personalized choice. Small and niche is in vogue." Gillette said Wednesday that its price offensive is hitting every part of its portfolio. "We want to be available at all price points that men are looking for and give them the best shaving experience in that category, regardless of what they want to spend," Gillette spokesman Barbara Diecker said. Diecker said refill blades for the Gillette Fusion, for example, will drop from $4.99 to $3.74 per blade, a savings of around 25 percent. The company is also recharging its longtime "18th Birthday Program" initiative, with a goal of putting a Gillette razor handle and cartridge blade against the cheek of every American male turning 18. Parent Procter & Gamble has a strong relationship with Amazon.com, which also helps the company's online sales, according to industry observers. "We are fully aware of the challenges we are facing as a North American business," Diecker said. For decades, Gillette was focused on a trade-up model similar to how General Motors encouraged its customers to start with Chevrolet and eventually buy up to Cadillac. Gillette prided itself on inventing new -- and pricier -- razors that would offer an even better shave. Business on 04/06/2017 Print Headline: New brands have king of razors on the run Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business Report: Car insurance rates rise in minority-... Stock rally fizzles over Fed notes Business news in brief News in brief New brands have king of razors on the run Survey: U.S. companies add 263,000 jobs in Ma... Wal-Mart submits proposal to build new distri... State's cotton acres predicted to grow Trump pitches infrastructure plan More Business stories > Comments on: New brands have king of razors on the run To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Senate GOP 'goes nuclear,' clearing way for Trump's Supreme Court pick (15 comments) JOHN BRUMMETT: The session that was (14 comments) U.S. blasts Syria base with cruise missiles (7 comments) BRUMMETT ONLINE: Pick your battles (28 comments) House intel committee chair steps away from Russia probe (11 comments) Clinton: 'Deeply concerned' about Russian election role (3 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports My Success Story CNBC Upstart 25 CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities SXSW Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Marketing Media Money These are the 10 most effective advertising campaigns in the world Lucy Handley Thursday, 6 Apr 2017 | 1:09 AM ET SHARES A commercial encouraging men in India to do their fair share of household chores has become the world's most effective advert, according to a study. "Share the Load," an ad for laundry brand Ariel, resulted in doubled sales by value and by volume, the study by advertising research company WARC said. More than 1.5 million men in India also pledged to do their fair share of housework. Procter and Gamble, which owns Ariel, is the world's number one advertiser, according to WARC, with five advertising campaigns in a list of the top 100. Other adverts that made it into the top ten include a subscription campaign for The Economist by agency Proximity London, which had a return on investment of 25 to one, and a series of ads for Australian swimming pool company Narellan, which used data to target people at times when they were most likely to buy a pool resulting in a 23 percent sales uplift. Other winners include Apple, Always and U.K. department store John Lewis. WARC put the list together by analyzing more than 2,000 winners of advertising effectiveness campaigns around the world, in partnership with King's College London. Here the ten most effective advertising campaigns globally, according to WARC. 1. Ariel "Share the Load," India A father in India looks on as his daughter returns from work. Her son needs a clean shirt, her husband demands his dinner and her living room needs tidying. Ariel wanted the ad to encourage fathers to help with household chores - and of course sell detergent. 2. John Lewis Christmas advertising, 2012 to 2015, U.K. The British department store's Christmas adverts are hugely anticipated, highly critiqued, and often parodied every year. This spot from 2015 showed an elderly man alone on the moon, while a young girl watched him through a telescope in her bedroom, and ended with her sending him a telescope of his own. It sparked £1 million in donations ($1.2 million) and resulted in the store's highest Christmas sales at the time. 3. Double Robotics, "Lucy the Robot," Australia When Lucy the Robot turned up in a queue for the new iPhone 6 in Sydney, Australia, it was more than just a PR stunt. Technology company Double Robotics had sent her to the store, aiming too help businesses understand what robots could do for them, and the campaign resulted in more than 12,400 inquiries in three days. Cole Bennetts | Getty Images Lucy the Robot queues for an iPhone 6 as it launches in Sydney, Australia in September 2015 4. Media Markt, "Rabbit Race," Germany This eye-catching ad for electronics retailer Media Markt saw rabbits 'racing' live on TV. People could get money off goods if a number on their receipt matched the number on the winning bunny, and the campaign was seen by 21 million people. 5. The Economist, "Raising Eyebrows and Subscriptions," U.K. The Economist was seen as a "boring business publication" by those who hadn't read it, so to get more subscribers, it used data to place highly relevant ads online. So on an article with the headline "How women can break through the glass ceiling" it placed an ad saying "Would Lehman sisters have done a better job?" for example, and the campaign resulted in more than 64,000 new subscribers. 6. Narellan Pools, "Diving into Data for Narellan," Australia Australian pool-maker Narellan targeted people when they were most likely to think about swimming pools - hot days. The campaign, which used clever data analysis to reach people, resulted in a 23 percent year-on-year sales uplift. 7. Apple, "World Gallery," U.S. Apple wanted to promote the iPhone 6 camera, so it created a campaign using pictures real people had taken and put them on billboards around the world. Apple claims that 24,000 "opinion leaders" mentioned the campaign, and that 95 percent of the mentions on social media were positive. Mark Cunningham | Getty Images An advert for the iPhone 6, part of Apple's World Gallery advertising campaign 8. Always, "#LikeAGirl," global Always parent company Procter & Gamble found that more than half of girls it surveyed in the U.S. experienced a drop in confidence when they reached puberty. So it created the #LikeAGirl campaign, aiming to change the phrase from negative to positive. After it ran, 76 percent of people P&G researched said they saw the phrase positively, and two in three men said they would think twice before using "like a girl" as an insult. 9. SPC, "#MyFamilyCan," Australia Canned fruit company SPC faced stiff competition from cheaper imports, so it created a campaign highlighting its origins and featured its farmers' faces on its cans. It beat its eight percent sales uplift target and resulted in a change in labeling legislation. 10. Tigerair, "Infrequent Flyers," Australia According to advertising agency McCann in Australia, 77 percent of Australians fly less than three times a year because it's too expensive. So it created the "Infrequent Flyers" club for client Tigerair, "the rewards program that gives you absolutely nothing at all," according to a film on the agency's website. The club now has 500,000 members and generated AU $2 million ($1.5 million) in sales in three months. Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook. Lucy HandleyWriter,CNBC.com
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: PSB Academy April 06, 2017 22:00 ET PSB Academy and Institute of Management Accountants launch preparatory course to groom finance professionals for leadership SINGAPORE--(Marketwired - Apr 6, 2017) - PSB Academy is the first private education institution to partner with the Institute of Management Accountants (IMA) to offer finance professionals and accountants a preparatory course for the Certified Management Accountant (CMA) credential, which demonstrates a mastery of management accounting knowledge and skills. Launched yesterday at a signing ceremony in PSB Academy's new City Campus at Marina Square, the course has been designed to create a pathway for undergraduate students in finance, as well as entry- to mid-level professionals, to assume roles in leadership, management and strategic development. As part of the collaboration, students enrolled in the preparatory course through PSB Academy will have access to content and test preparation materials from Wiley & Sons. PSB Academy's faculty will also be able to access Wiley's suite of teaching materials, resources and journals. Core modules in the preparatory course will help students understand management frameworks, as well as look into decision analysis and investment decisions involved in critical internal financial management responsibilities, like planning, budgeting, business reporting, decision analysis, and risk management. These critical skills in management will set the CMA credential apart from the endorsement of financial accounting skills usually offered by accrediting bodies like ACCA and CPA, and fuel the demand for more strategic leaders in finance and accounting amidst the fintech-driven disruption in the finance and insurance services sector -- one of Singapore's biggest growth drivers in terms of GDP. "We value the importance of continuing education and professional development in a time of uncertainty and volatility in the new economy, and want to continue to provide the right pathways for workers across sectors to up-skill, and re-skill, in relevant ways that would help them to lead in the future economy. Our partnership with IMA aims to prepare a new generation of thinkers, and not just bean counters, with the necessary competencies for positions essential to creating new value chains for a more resilient finance industry," says Derrick Chang, CEO, PSB Academy. The over 50,000 CMA holders today play important roles globally in various organizations, such as SOEs (State-Owned Enterprise), MNCs, private companies, professional firms, academic institutions, and NGOs. Some of the leading companies which employ and promote CMAs are Johnson & Johnson, IBM, Novartis, Philips, Caterpillar, Holcim, Booking.com, Procter & Gamble, Nestle, UBS, Credit Suisse, Deloitte, PWC, KPMG, and United Nations, amongst others. The latest figures in IMA's 2016 Global Salary Survey show that salaries of those holding the CMA continue to be significantly higher than those of non-CMAs. Globally, CMAs earn 45% more in median salary and 50% more in median total compensation than non-CMAs1. "We are proud to partner with Singapore's best private education institution (2016, Business Excellence Research Group) to deliver the preparatory course for the CMA credential. As one of the largest and most respected associations focused exclusively on advancing the management accounting profession, we are confident the course will empower aspiring leaders in finance with the latest skills and tools required to excel in the present competitive market. Results from our global salary survey suggest that many individuals who have earned the CMA are reaping the rewards of their effort and dedication to professional development," says Jeffrey Thomson, CMA, CEO and President, IMA. Registration for the August 2017 intake of the CMA Preparatory Course is now open. For more course details, please contact Calvin Tan at Calvin.Tan@psb-academy.edu.sg. 1Full report of IMA's 2016 Global Salary Survey: http://sfmagazine.com/post-entry/march-2017-imas-2016-global-salary-survey/ About PSB Academy Productivity is at the heart of PSB Academy. Once known as Singapore's Productivity and Standards Board, PSB Academy is known today as "The Future Academy," with an approach to education that focuses on what really matters: performance in the real-world. In 2016, The Academy was conferred "Best private education institution in Singapore" by the Business Excellence and Research Group, and "Best private institution" for Engineering at the JobsCentral Learning T.E.D Awards. It hosts over 11,000 local and international students in its slate of certificate, diploma, degree and postgraduate programmes every year. PSB Academy voluntarily commissions reputable external research firms to conduct graduate employment surveys as one of several key measures of graduate outcomes. In 2015, idstats research consultancy found that around nine in 10 local/international students found perm/temp employment within six months of graduation; six in 10 benefitted from pay raises and/or career progression; and that graduates took 2.1 months on average to find employment. PSB Academy is situated at two campuses in Singapore: PSB Academy Delta and PSB Academy City Campus at Marina Square. Learn more at: www.psb-academy.edu.sg. Contact Information Media contacts Melody Uy Email Contact +65 6213 6997 Abigail Ng Email Contact +65 9093 3787 Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company PSB Academy From this industry Education and Training Financial Services From this sub-industry Education Aids and Products Schools and Courses, Colleges/Universities Training/Online Commercial and Investment Banking Insurance Investment Services and Trading Personal Finance Retail Banking Venture Capital See all RSS Newsfeeds   Multimedia Photo: PSB Academy Executive Chairman Viva Sinniah, PSB Academy CEO Derrick Chang, John Wiley & Sons Regional Business Development Manager Kim Teo and IMA CEO and President Jeffrey Thomson mark the launch of PSB Academy’s CMA Preparatory Course for aspiring leaders in finance at the institution’s City Campus. View Image: S M L   About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Latest News Dow 20,663 +14.80 +0.07% Nasdaq 5,879 +14.47 +0.25% S&P 500 2,357 +4.54 +0.19% 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.5% lower at 12,177.39 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC opens 0.4% lower at 5,101.33 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.2% lower at 7,287.01 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.3% lower at 379.54 2:25 A.M. ET Updated Oil futures leap after U.S. missile strikes on Syria 2:16 A.M. ET Japanese consumers' inflation expectations rise 2:16 A.M. ET Bets against U.K. retailers jump on Brexit jitters 12:53 A.M. ET June gold futures up $11.50, or 0.9%, to $1,264.80 an ounce 12:51 A.M. ET Nasdaq 100 futures down 11.25 points, or 0.2%, to 5,411 12:50 A.M. ET S&P 500 futures drop 4.7 points, or 0.2%, to 2,348 12:50 A.M. ET DJIA futures down 48 points, or 0.2%, to 20,556 12:50 A.M. ET U.S. stock futures pare losses in wake of U.S. airstrike against Syria 4/06 Updated Syrian media say air base suffered significant damage, casualties 4/06 Updated U.S. strikes Syrian air base with cruise missiles after chemical attack 4/06 Updated U.S. airstrike against Syria rattles stock-market futures 4/06 FCC chairman said to be planning rollback of net-neutrality regulations 4/06 Asian markets reverse early gains after U.S. airstrike 4/06 Updated How to hit a bulls-eye with your target-date mutual funds 4/06 Updated U.S. launches cruise missiles against Syria 4/06 Wal-Mart de Mexico sales growth sputters in Q1 Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release PSB Academy and Institute of Management Accountants launch preparatory course to groom finance professionals for leadership By Published: Apr 6, 2017 10:00 p.m. ET Share SINGAPORE, Apr 06, 2017 (Marketwired via COMTEX) -- SINGAPORE--(Marketwired - Apr 6, 2017) - PSB Academy is the first private education institution to partner with the Institute of Management Accountants (IMA) to offer finance professionals and accountants a preparatory course for the Certified Management Accountant (CMA) credential, which demonstrates a mastery of management accounting knowledge and skills. Launched yesterday at a signing ceremony in PSB Academy's new City Campus at Marina Square, the course has been designed to create a pathway for undergraduate students in finance, as well as entry- to mid-level professionals, to assume roles in leadership, management and strategic development. As part of the collaboration, students enrolled in the preparatory course through PSB Academy will have access to content and test preparation materials from Wiley & Sons. PSB Academy's faculty will also be able to access Wiley's suite of teaching materials, resources and journals. Core modules in the preparatory course will help students understand management frameworks, as well as look into decision analysis and investment decisions involved in critical internal financial management responsibilities, like planning, budgeting, business reporting, decision analysis, and risk management. These critical skills in management will set the CMA credential apart from the endorsement of financial accounting skills usually offered by accrediting bodies like ACCA and CPA, and fuel the demand for more strategic leaders in finance and accounting amidst the fintech-driven disruption in the finance and insurance services sector -- one of Singapore's biggest growth drivers in terms of GDP. "We value the importance of continuing education and professional development in a time of uncertainty and volatility in the new economy, and want to continue to provide the right pathways for workers across sectors to up-skill, and re-skill, in relevant ways that would help them to lead in the future economy. Our partnership with IMA aims to prepare a new generation of thinkers, and not just bean counters, with the necessary competencies for positions essential to creating new value chains for a more resilient finance industry," says Derrick Chang, CEO, PSB Academy. The over 50,000 CMA holders today play important roles globally in various organizations, such as SOEs (State-Owned Enterprise), MNCs, private companies, professional firms, academic institutions, and NGOs. Some of the leading companies which employ and promote CMAs are Johnson & Johnson, IBM, Novartis, Philips, Caterpillar, Holcim, Booking.com, Procter & Gamble, Nestle, UBS, Credit Suisse, Deloitte, PWC, KPMG, and United Nations, amongst others. The latest figures in IMA's 2016 Global Salary Survey show that salaries of those holding the CMA continue to be significantly higher than those of non-CMAs. Globally, CMAs earn 45% more in median salary and 50% more in median total compensation than non-CMAs1. "We are proud to partner with Singapore's best private education institution (2016, Business Excellence Research Group) to deliver the preparatory course for the CMA credential. As one of the largest and most respected associations focused exclusively on advancing the management accounting profession, we are confident the course will empower aspiring leaders in finance with the latest skills and tools required to excel in the present competitive market. Results from our global salary survey suggest that many individuals who have earned the CMA are reaping the rewards of their effort and dedication to professional development," says Jeffrey Thomson, CMA, CEO and President, IMA. Registration for the August 2017 intake of the CMA Preparatory Course is now open. For more course details, please contact Calvin Tan at Calvin.Tan@psb-academy.edu.sg. 1Full report of IMA's 2016 Global Salary Survey: http://sfmagazine.com/post-entry/march-2017-imas-2016-global-salary-survey/ About PSB Academy Productivity is at the heart of PSB Academy. Once known as Singapore's Productivity and Standards Board, PSB Academy is known today as "The Future Academy," with an approach to education that focuses on what really matters: performance in the real-world. In 2016, The Academy was conferred "Best private education institution in Singapore" by the Business Excellence and Research Group, and "Best private institution" for Engineering at the JobsCentral Learning T.E.D Awards. It hosts over 11,000 local and international students in its slate of certificate, diploma, degree and postgraduate programmes every year. PSB Academy voluntarily commissions reputable external research firms to conduct graduate employment surveys as one of several key measures of graduate outcomes. In 2015, idstats research consultancy found that around nine in 10 local/international students found perm/temp employment within six months of graduation; six in 10 benefitted from pay raises and/or career progression; and that graduates took 2.1 months on average to find employment. PSB Academy is situated at two campuses in Singapore: PSB Academy Delta and PSB Academy City Campus at Marina Square. Learn more at: www.psb-academy.edu.sg. Image Available: http://www2.marketwire.com/mw/frame_mw?attachid=3127434 Media contacts Melody Uy Email Contact +65 6213 6997 Abigail Ng Email Contact +65 9093 3787 � 2017 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Most Popular U.S. airstrike against Syria rattles stock-market futures Amazon will create 30,000 part-time jobs, but Americans are desperate to work full-time This image of Jared Kushner is blowing up the internet Tesla fans, Barclays has a ‘reality pill’ for you Think you would win an argument with a robot? Watch this. MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
or titles people articles [04/06/17 - 11:40 AM] E! Announces "People's Choice Awards" Acquisition, Including Popular Long-Running Award Show Celebrating the Best in Pop Culture E! will air the "People's Choice Awards" starting in 2018 with its 44th annual installment to be produced by Wilshire Studios, the team behind E!'s signature "Live from The Red Carpet." [via press release from E!] E! ANNOUNCES "PEOPLE'S CHOICE AWARDS" ACQUISITION, INCLUDING POPULAR LONG-RUNNING AWARD SHOW CELEBRATING THE BEST IN POP CULTURE E!'s Ownership of "People's Choice Awards" Includes Annual Live Event, Which Will Be Produced by Wilshire Studios Starting in 2018, Along with All Digital and Social Assets Los Angeles, April 6, 2017 - E!, the global pop culture powerhouse, announced today the network's acquisition of "People's Choice Awards." E! will be the exclusive home of the popular annual award show that celebrates the best in pop culture and is voted on entirely by fans, in addition to taking over "People's Choice Awards'" vast digital, social and voting platforms. E! will air the "People's Choice Awards" starting in 2018 with its 44th annual installment to be produced by Wilshire Studios, the team behind E!'s signature "Live from The Red Carpet." "People's Choice Awards" will air globally across E!'s 17 international channels reaching 153 countries in 24 languages. "Rooted in pop culture and celebrity, the 'People's Choice Awards' is a natural extension for E! and we are excited to evolve and supercharge this fan-centered event for the next generation in a way that only E! can," said Adam Stotsky, President, E! "Over two decades ago, E! created the red carpet experience and became the leading destination for fans on Hollywood's biggest nights. With this acquisition, we are harnessing our entertainment authority, live event expertise and huge multi-platform reach to take fans beyond the red carpet and offer a true end to end consumer experience." The People's Choice Awards is the only major awards show voted on entirely by the public for fan favorites in movies, music, television and digital. Only fans determine the nominees and winners for the annual awards show and nearly 300 million votes were cast for its most recent installment, which aired January 18, 2017. "People's Choice Awards" was originally created in 1975 by Robert Stivers. "People's Choice Awards" was previously owned by Procter & Gamble and produced by Mark Burnett airing on CBS. About E! Entertainment E! is the only global, multi-platform brand for all things pop culture. The network is currently available to 91 million cable and satellite subscribers in the U.S. "E! News" airs nightly on the network and is the leading multi-platform publisher delivering breaking entertainment news and pop culture coverage 24/7 across all digital and social media. E! programming includes popular series "Keeping Up with the Kardashians," "Total Divas," "Botched," "Hollywood Medium with Tyler Henry," "WAGS," and "Fashion Police," as well as the network's scripted series "The Royals" and "The Arrangement." Additionally, E!'s "Live from the Red Carpet" signature events keep fans connected to their favorite stars on pop culture's biggest nights. E! is a network of NBCUniversal Cable Entertainment, a division of NBCUniversal, one of the world's leading media and entertainment companies in the development, production, and marketing of entertainment, news and information to a global audience. For more corporate information, visit www.nbcuniversal.com. About Wilshire Studios Wilshire Studios develops and produces engaging and innovative non-scripted, original programming for all media platforms. A division of NBCUniversal Cable Entertainment, Wilshire is invigorating its slate with a focus on attracting high caliber producing talent and diversifying its content strategy with thought-provoking docu-series, news and live programming, reality, and competition formats. Wilshire produces E!'s signature "Live from the Red Carpet" series, which provides in-depth coverage of Hollywood's biggest nights. The studio also produces "Syfy Presents Live from Comic-Con," a three-night telecast which broadcasts live from one of the biggest fan conventions, San Diego Comic-Con. Wilshire has also produced 300 episodes of the dating game show "Baggage" for the Game Show Network.   [april 2017]   S M T W T F S             1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 · SHOWATCH (series past and present) · DEVWATCH (series in development) · MOVIEWATCH (tv movies and mini-series) [04/06/17 - 01:19 PM] NBC Adds Original Episode of "Trial & Error" to Thursday, April 13 The extra installment - which replaces "Superstore" at 8:00/7:00c on said night - will pad out its 13-episode run, which concludes the following Tuesday, April 18. [04/06/17 - 01:04 PM] Investigation Discovery Announces 2017 Fan Convention IDCON on May 20 in NYC All proceeds for IDCON will be donated to New York's Silver Shield Foundation, an organization which provides educational support to families of firefighters and police officers killed in the line of duty. [04/06/17 - 12:26 PM] A First in Housewives History - Bravo Media Presents a Four Part "The Real Housewives of Atlanta" Reunion on April 16 at 8PM ET/PT Following the four-part reunion, the network will air a "Secrets Revealed" special on Sunday, May 14. [04/06/17 - 12:00 PM] "Friday Night Tykes: Steel Country" to Premiere Sophomore Season on USA Network The show's second season was originally produced for sibling Esquire Network. [04/06/17 - 11:40 AM] E! Announces "People's Choice Awards" Acquisition, Including Popular Long-Running Award Show Celebrating the Best in Pop Culture E! will air the "People's Choice Awards" starting in 2018 with its 44th annual installment to be produced by Wilshire Studios, the team behind E!'s signature "Live from The Red Carpet." [04/06/17 - 10:59 AM] "If You're Not In the Obit, Eat Breakfast," A Celebration of Vitality After Age 90 Hosted by Carl Reiner, Debuts June 5, Exclusively on HBO Tony Bennett, Mel Brooks, Kirk Douglas, Norman Lear, Stan Lee, Jerry Seinfeld, Dick Van Dyke and Betty White are among those featured. [04/06/17 - 10:30 AM] Paramount Network Teams Up with Shawn Carter and The Weinstein Company - "Rest in Power: The Trayvon Martin Story" This is the second partnership between Shawn Carter, The Weinstein Company and Paramount Network/Spike TV and The Cinemart as they teamed up for the critically-acclaimed and influential series, "TIME: The Kalief Browder Story," that concluded last night. [04/06/17 - 10:14 AM] ABC's "Shark Tank" to Hold Open Casting Call at Central Piedmont Community College in Charlotte, North Carolina, on Saturday, April 29 The "Shark Tank" open casting call will give entrepreneurs the opportunity to complete a one-minute pitch of their idea, product or business to a member of the show's official casting team. [04/06/17 - 10:00 AM] Emmy(R)-Winning Comedy Series "Silicon Valley" Returns for Its Ten-Episode Fourth Season April 23 on HBO, Exclusively on HBO The Emmy(R)-winning and Golden Globe(R)-nominated series takes a comic look at the modern-day epicenter of the high-tech gold rush, where the people most qualified to succeed are the least capable of handling success. [04/06/17 - 09:46 AM] WE tv Announces Cast of "Growing Up Hip Hop Atlanta" Coming This Spring "Growing Up Hip Hop Atlanta," premiering this spring, chronicles the perks and perils of being born into Hip Hop royalty in the city that the New York Times called "Hip Hop's center of gravity." [04/06/17 - 09:10 AM] Showtime Offers Subscribers the Ability to Download Programming on Mobile Devices and Tablets "Making our wide variety of Showtime content available to consumers at any time and any place has been a top priority for us," said Tom Christie. [04/06/17 - 09:09 AM] Travel Channel Announces April 18 Premiere of Original Special "Yes Man" with Social Media Star Ricky Smith Smith is currently completing a 50-city tour in 30 days, doing everything from swimming with sharks to competing in an all-night dance marathon and attempting to ride a bucking bronco in a Texas rodeo. [04/06/17 - 09:04 AM] Mama June "Reveal" Episode Delivers Season-High Ratings for WE tv WE tv further spins the numbers for Friday, March 31. [04/06/17 - 09:01 AM] Video: Trailer for Amazon's "Catastrophe" Season 3 Now Available Look for the new season Friday, April 28 on the streaming service. [04/06/17 - 08:27 AM] TLC's "Little People, Big World" Returns for a Brand New Season Filled with Babies, Evolving Relationships and New Challenges Look for new episodes beginning Tuesday, May 2 at 9:00/8:00c on the cable channel. more news >>
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Paper Diaper Worldwide Market by Type, Application, Region, and Forecast To 2021 Paper Diaper research report provides the newest industry data and industry future trends, allowing you to identify the products and end users driving Revenue growth and profitability.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, April 06, 2017 ) Publisher's Paper Diaper market research report provides the newest industry data and industry future trends, allowing you to identify the products and end users driving revenue growth and profitability. The industry report lists the leading competitors and provides the insights strategic industry analysis of the key factors influencing the market. Global Paper Diaper Market: Product Segment Analysis Baby Paper Diaper Adult Paper Diaper Global Paper Diaper Market: Application Segment Analysis Shopping malls Baby store Online channel Global Paper Diaper Market: Regional Segment Analysis USA Europe South East Asia China India For More Information About This Report: http://www.reportsweb.com/world-paper-diaper-market-research-report-2021 The players mentioned in our report P&G (Pampers) Kimberly Clark Unicharm SCA First Quality Ontex Kao Medline Domtar Hengan Chiaus Daddybaby Coco Covidien Fuburg Request Sample Copy At: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001589107/sample Table of Content Chapter 1 About the Paper Diaper Industry Chapter 2 World Market Competition Landscape Chapter 3 World Paper Diaper Market share Chapter 4 Supply Chain Analysis Chapter 5 Company Profiles Chapter 6 Globalization & Trade Chapter 7 Distributors and Customers Chapter 8 Import, Export, Consumption and Consumption Value by Major Countries Chapter 9 World Paper Diaper Market forecast through 2021 Chapter 10 Key success factors and Market Overview Inquire For This Report At: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001589107/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Medicated Confectionery Market 2017 Trend, Analysis and Forecast to 2021 ReportsWeb.com published Medicated Confectionery Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, April 06, 2017 ) Medicated confectionary refers to sugar boiled confectionary that is used as a remedy for cough and throat. Medicated confectionary also includes sugar-free sweets fortified with vitamins and minerals and containing herbs and plant extracts. Publisher's analysts forecast the global medicated confectionary market to grow at a CAGR of 3.29% during the period 2017-2021. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-medicated-confectionery-market-2017-2021 . Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global medicated confectionary market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sales of medicated confectionary. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: - Americas - APAC - Europe - MEA Publisher's report, Global Medicated Confectionary Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors - Mondelez International - Nestlé - P&G - Perfetti Van Melle - Reckitt Benckiser - Ricola - Wm. Wrigley Jr. Company Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001692706/sample . Other prominent vendors - Ernest Jackson - Herbion International - Hershey's - HEXOS - Jakemans - Meda Pharmaceuticals - Pedimont Candy Company - UHA Mikakuto - Universal Robina Corp - UX Themes Market driver - Increasing hay fever and allergy cases - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge - Stringent government regulations - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend - Increase in organized retailing fueling market growth - For a full, detailed list, view our report Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001692706/buying . Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Log In | Become a Member | Contact Us Leading printing executives into the future Connect on Twitter | Facebook | LinkedIn Home Economics Wide Format Labels & Packaging Print Software Webinars White Papers Report Store Jobs News Commentary & Analysis Data Analysis Video Center Podcasts Merger & Acquisitions Featured:     Industrial Print Analysis     European Coverage     Production Inkjet Analysis Edelmann Chooses Landa S10 Nanographic Printing Press to Transform Digital Packaging Thursday, April 06, 2017 Press release from the issuing company Edelmann to be first European beta installation of Landa S10 Nanographic Printing® Press Heidenheim, Germany and Rehovot, Israel – Edelmann and Landa Digital Printing today announce that Edelmann, one of the world’s leading providers of high-quality and innovative board and paper packaging solutions, will install a Landa S10 Nanographic Printing®Press.  Edelmann, Germany’s largest independent packaging converter, will use its new Nanographic Printing capability to generate valuable business growth from high-quality, high-speed, medium-run folding carton work. Dierk Schröder, Chairman, Edelmann, says: “Our business is all about customer service. Staying in tune with the market and delivering what it needs, but also anticipating, innovating and then proactively offering what it didn’t know it needed. We’re excited to be working with Landa; this is a value-based partnership that will drive long-lasting end customer relationships. What’s more, Nanography® is breakthrough technology with the potential to transform the print, packaging and communication markets.” Yishai Amir, CEO, Landa Digital Printing (L) and Dierk Schröder, Chairman, Edelmann (R) Oliver Sattel, Technical Director, Edelmann, comments: “Brands are actively looking to streamline their operations to remain lean and efficient, but not at the expense of product quality or price. The Landa S10 delivers this. It removes the previous barriers of minimum order quantities, with money tied-up in unnecessary printed stock and storage. This represents unprecedented flexibility that will interest not only our customers’ procurement departments, but also their creative teams too. We already have lots of interest for this new service, and are confident that Landa is the right partner and Nanography the only technology to deliver this capability.” With operations in nine countries, employing 2,700 people, sales of 300 million euros and producing 5.5 billion packages and leaflets per year, Edelmann is one of the world’s leading packaging manufacturers and system suppliers. Specializing in packaging solutions for health care, beauty care and consumer brands, the company has operations in Europe, Asia, North and South America.  Yishai Amir, Landa CEO, comments: “Edelmann works with world leading brands such as P&G, L’Oréal and many others. Their established production quality standard, High Q Packaging, underpins their offering and is highly respected by customers and the wider market. “For us, Edelmann represents the perfect beta partner. They not only understand the value of Nanography and its unique benefits, but have a clear plan for its successful roll-out and customer adoption. We look forward to working closely with Edelman and supporting their growth as they pioneer the use of medium run-length B1 digital print,” concludes Yishai Amir. Engineered for the packaging and converting industries, the Landa S10 Nanographic Printing®Press enables mainstream packaging productivity with plate-free, offset print quality.  The Landa S10 will be installed at Edelmann's Heidenheim production site, the largest of its kind in Europe. Edelmann will also exhibit at Interpack 2017 (Hall 11 / A14.A18) to showcase the benefits of Nanographic Printing.      Tweet       Email    Print    Order Reprints   Post a Comment To post a comment Log In or Become a Member, doing so is simple and free   Industry News Landa Announces 2017 Beta Customer Line-Up Landa Names Graphica Bezalel as First Beta Site Edelmann Chooses Landa S10 Nanographic Printing Press to Transform Digital Packaging Xeikon Café 2017 Sets New Records Kodak Opens New Flexo Packaging Technology Center in Shanghai Recruit Top Talent at Cal Poly’s Career Day Veritiv to Feature Wide Format Media, Equipment, and Product Solutions at ISA International Sign Expo 2017 All Today's Industry News » SHARE Email Tweet Print Video Print Is Not Dead AND Its Not Returning to Past Dominance Production Inkjet: Why Should You Care? Printing Firm LaGwana Finds Value in 3D Printing Workflow and Automation in Book Manufacturing Esko Receives Prestigious RedDot Design Award for Product Design New Software Technology Introduced to a Printer More Video » WhatTheyThink Job Board Sales manager - Digital Printing Plates and CTP at CRON-ECRM in US CEO at Brilliant, Inc in Exton, PA Print Press Manager/Operator at Schur Star Systems, Inc. in Carlsbad, CA prepress technician at Goodcopy Printing Center Inc in New Haven CT MIS Software Sales at Tharstern, Inc in Chicago / New York View More Jobs Recent Blog Posts Customer Experience 2.0 (Digital Nirvana) 25 Tips for Successful Content Marketing (Digital Nirvana) Unemployment Rate Steady at 6.3%; Data Imply Stabilizing Labor Market (Dr. Joe) What is Responsive Web Design? (Digital Nirvana) Digital Print Quality Issue: Punch, Counterpunch (Digital Nirvana) Are Younger Designers Unaware of Local Printing and Support? (Digital Nirvana) More » Recent Webinars March Economic Webinar: Publishing and Ad Agency Markets, Capital investment in the Printing Industry February Economic Webinar: Printing Shipments, Employment, and Marketing Trends The Uber-ization of Web-to-Print January Economic Update: The 2017 Economy, Print and the Emerging Third Media Wave More Webinars » Become a Member Join the thousands of printing executives who are already part of the WhatTheyThink Community. Log in or register to access your WhatTheyThink Account Help & Member Center Contact Us Member Center About About WhatTheyThink Syndication and News Licensing Reprints Sponsorship Submit Your News Privacy Policy Terms WhatTheyThink Services Consulting Research Speakers Bureau Economic Advisory Service Corporate Membership   Copyright © 2017 WhatTheyThink. All Rights Reserved    
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Mary Kay Inc. Names Dr. Lucy Gildea Chief Scientific Officer English Español Global Beauty Company Names Chief Scientific Officer to Executive Committee News provided by Mary Kay Inc. Apr 06, 2017, 08:30 ET Share this article DALLAS, April 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Mary Kay Inc., a top beauty brand, and direct seller in nearly 40 markets around the world, announces the appointment of Dr. Lucy Gildea as Chief Scientific Officer at the company's global headquarters in Addison, Texas. Dr. Gildea will lead the Global Research and Development function, developing innovative products and increasing the number of patents to secure Mary Kay's status as one of the top innovators in the direct selling and cosmetics industries.  With more than 1,300 patents for products, technologies and packaging designs in its global portfolio, and more than 130 patents granted in 2016 alone, Dr. Gildea will develop and execute Mary Kay's Global Product Strategy and Innovation Pipeline. Mary Kay Inc. has named Dr. Lucy Gildea Chief Scientific Officer. "Dr. Gildea's proven track record and success to embed high efficacy science in the personal care product industry will enhance Mary Kay's ability to provide innovative products and technology that consumers are unable to find elsewhere," said Thomas Cho, Chief Supply Chain Officer for Mary Kay Inc. "From her time working internationally, Dr. Gildea's global perspective brings great value as Mary Kay Inc. continues to expand and works to understand the needs of customers in all markets." Prior to joining the cosmetics giant, Dr. Gildea spent 15 years at Procter and Gamble, working in health care, oral care, beauty technology and beauty/skin product development. During her tenure, Dr. Gildea lived in Singapore, advancing her experience with Asian markets. "The opportunity to serve as the new Chief Scientific Officer for Mary Kay Inc. allows me to marry my passions for science, innovation and empowering women," said Lucy Gildea, Chief Scientific Officer for Mary Kay Inc. "Through leading Mary Kay's Global Research and Development, I am excited to be on the front lines of innovation to create beauty products that invigorate our independent sales force, as well as their customers, around the world." Dr. Gildea earned a Bachelor's degree in biology from Georgetown College and a PhD in Cell and Molecular Biology, Immunology and Infectious Diseases from the University of Cincinnati. Dr. Gildea will be joined in Dallas by her husband, Jerry, and their four children. About Mary Kay At Mary Kay, success lies in our dedication to irresistible products, a rewarding opportunity and positive community impact.  For more than 53 years, Mary Kay has inspired women to achieve their entrepreneurial goals in nearly 40 countries.  As a multibillion-dollar company, we offer the latest in cutting-edge skin care, bold color cosmetics and fragrances. Discover more reasons to love Mary Kay at marykay.com  Mary Kay Inc. Corporate Communications marykay.com/newsroom 972.687.5332 or media@mkcorp.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/mary-kay-inc-names-dr-lucy-gildea-chief-scientific-officer-300435748.html SOURCE Mary Kay Inc. Related Links http://www.marykay.com Apr 06, 2017, 08:30 ET Preview: Mary Kay Inc. nombra a la Dra. Lucy Gildea como Jefa Científica Ejecutiva My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Apr 06, 2017, 08:30 ETMary Kay Inc. nombra a la Dra. Lucy Gildea como Jefa Científica... Jan 11, 2017, 11:13 ETNueva Orleans recibe el impulso de Mary Kay Explore More news releases in similar topics Cosmetics and Personal Care Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Retail Personnel Announcements You just read: Mary Kay Inc. Names Dr. Lucy Gildea Chief Scientific Officer News provided by Mary Kay Inc. Apr 06, 2017, 08:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 April 2017 by Military News Cold, Cough and Sore Throat Remedies Market Latest Innovations, Drivers and Industry Key Events 2016 – 2026 Seeking professional medical help for curing cold, cough or sore throat is become a rare practice, let alone getting admitted in a hospital. Prevalence of cold, cough & sore throat problems through the ages has made people more independent in terms of treating them. In the years to come, effective home remedies will continue to gain traction and people will be taking care of their cold or sore throat through such easy-to-treat remedies. Future Market Insights’ latest report delivers such discernments that are expected to leave a considerable imprint on the global market for cold, cough & sore throat remedies. Based on the report, the global cold, cough & sore throat remedies market is presently valued at US$ 32.4 Bn, and is anticipated to incur sluggish growth at 3.2% CAGR to bring in just over US$ 45.4 Bn by the end of 2026. The report distinctly indicates that rising adoption of self-medication practices and effective home remedies is restraining the market’s overall growth. In the report, titled “Cold, Cough and Sore Throat Remedies Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment, 2016-2026,” affordability of OTC drugs, rising economic burden of respiratory diseases, availability of medications in variable dosages, and fast & instant relief delivered through such cold, cough & sore throat remedies are driving the market’s growth. Nevertheless, the demand for cold, cough & sore throat remedies is less likely to soar at a healthy rate. Request For Report Sample: www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-1292 Product Recalls & Low Entry of New Players Impacting the Market’s Growth Firstly, the global cold, cough & sore throat remedies market is projected to witness umpteen product recalls. Global leaders in pharmaceuticals industry such as Novartis AG, Pfizer Inc., Bayer AG, GlaxoSmithKline plc., and Reckitt Benckiser Group plc are key players in the global market for cold, cough & sore throat remedies. Despite, there are several newly-launched products that have been recalled after FDA’s censure. Besides, even consumer goods behemoths such as Procter & Gamble Co. and Johnson & Johnson Services Inc. are partaking in the market’s growth. This has resulted in a lowering entry of emerging drugmakers, which has further distorted the market’s growth. Other leading manufacturers of cold, cough & sore throat remedies include AstraZeneca plc, Prestige Brands Inc., and Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. The report highlights how Asia-Pacific excluding Japan (APEJ) region will remain the largest market for cold, cough & sore throat remedies. The region’s proximity to environmental pollution makes its residents more prone to respiratory diseases. With over 30% stake in global revenues, the APEJ cold, cough & sore throat remedies market will global dominate through 2026. North America and Europe will also remain at the forefront, by collectively accounting for nearly half of the global revenues throughout the forecast period. Send An Enquiry: www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gb-1292 The report further reveals that in 2017 and beyond, the demand for antihistamine drugs, expectorants and decongestants will remain considerably high as these revenues from sales of these drugs will showcase growth at more than 3% CAGR. Tablets or pills and nasal drops will also dominate as dosage types, accounting for over 40% share of market value through 2026. The report also predicts retail pharmacies & drug stores as the largest distribution channels for cold, cough & sore throat remedies. Together, these channels will bring in nearly US$ 30 Bn by the end of 2026. ABOUT US: Future Market Insights (FMI) is a leading market intelligence and consulting firm. We deliver syndicated research reports, custom research reports and consulting services, which are personalized in nature. FMI delivers a complete packaged solution, which combines current market intelligence, statistical anecdotes, technology inputs, valuable growth insights, an aerial view of the competitive framework, and future market trends. CONTACT: 616 Corporate Way, Suite 2-9018, Valley Cottage, NY 10989, United States T: +1-347-918-3531 F: +1-845-579-5705 Email: sales@futuremarketinsights.com Website: www.futuremarketinsights.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Fluoropolymer Films Market Opportunities, Demand and Forecasts, 2016 – 2026 Next PostNext Metal & Metal Oxide Nanoparticles Market Recent Industry Trends and Projected Industry Size by 2016 – 2026 Search Recent Posts Global Outlook of Electronic Design Automation Market: A Comprehensive Industry Overview with Latest Innovations and Trends Forecast 2021 Antiviral Drugs Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. TakeLessons Acquires Chromatik, a Digital Music Company Las Vegas, NV Author Publishes Second Novel Menifee, CA Author Publishes Children’s Book Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Top Hair Loss Expert Dr. Alan J. Bauman Reveals the Secrets to his Success on The CEO Show Top Hair Loss Expert Dr. Alan J. Bauman Reveals the Secrets to his Success on The CEO Show Posted on April 6, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. Dr. Bauman and host Mr. Robert Reiss discuss the business of hair loss including successful technologies, partnerships and marketing strategies during his 20-minute interview for the popular business and leadership radio show podcast. Boca Raton, Florida (PRWEB) April 06, 2017 Dr. Alan J. Bauman, founder and CEO of Bauman Medical in Boca Raton, is a guest of The CEO Show, a nationally syndicated weekly radio business and leadership show. Host Robert Reiss, who highlights CEOs of major brands nationwide, and specifically those with exceptional customer service and innovation models, personally invited Dr. Bauman to interview on the show. Over 500 of the country’s top executives have been interviewed on The CEO Show, which attracts nearly 600,000 weekly listeners. Previous guests include CEOs and executives from Merrill Lynch, Fisher-Price, Coca-Cola, the NBA and Whole Foods. The interview is airing on 40 radio stations around the country and is now available online at http://ceoforum.ceo/radio/ Dr. Bauman and Mr. Reiss will discuss Dr. Bauman’s decision to open his own clinic in 1997, at a time when the hair loss industry was flooded with misconceptions. With no network and virtually no contacts, Dr. Bauman grew his practice by building strong relationships and alliances with neighborhood businesses. Fast forward to 20 years later, and the 11,000 square foot Bauman Medical Hair Transplant and Hair Loss Treatment Center is now the world’s largest and most comprehensive stand-alone treatment center dedicated exclusively to hair restoration for men and women. Dr. Bauman credits his success to having entered the industry at the right time, when, “Great technology was coming of age.” Rapid technological advances have continued to fuel the industry’s high growth rate. “Hair transplant technology and artistry is continually changing and evolving–today, properly performed procedures are virtually painless and their results, 100% natural,” Dr. Bauman commented. “If you look back five years, or even two or three years, it is grown by leaps and bounds.” Bauman Medical’s core values, such as its commitment to patients, are of particular interest to the show, which searches for leaders with exceptional customer service and innovation models. “As the organization grew, we knew we needed to set the tone, not only in terms of how we took care of our patients, with the best technology, the kindest and gentlest procedures and the most artistic and beautiful results we could deliver, but also how we took care of our staff,” Dr. Bauman explained. “At the top of our values is keeping the patient first in everything we do. You simply can’t underestimate the importance of that.” Over the years, Dr. Bauman has performed over 7,000 hair transplants and treated over 17,000 men and women. Dr. Bauman is an active member of the hair restoration community and is a Fellow of the International Society of Hair Restoration Surgery (ISHRS), an accepted member of the International Alliance of Hair Restoration Surgeons (IAHRS), and a prior member of P&G’s prestigious Pantene Hair Research Institute. His pioneering work has been featured extensively throughout the mass media and he routinely lectures and trains physicians from around the world on new treatments and surgical techniques. You can listen to the full interview with Dr. Bauman online at http://ceoforum.ceo/radio About Mr. Robert Reiss and The CEO Show: Over the past 8 years Reiss has interviewed in-depth almost 500 CEOs on The CEO Show with Robert Reiss. Since 2009 Mr. Reiss has also been a contributor for the esteemed business magazine Forbes. The CEO Show is America's only nationally syndicated broadcast to go in depth with business leaders who have reinvented industry by creating customer experience organizations. The show started with one radio station in Greenwich, CT, in April, 2007, and is now broadcast on over 40 radio stations across America. About Dr. Alan J. Bauman: Alan J. Bauman, M.D. is the founder and chief medical officer of the Bauman Medical Hair Transplant and Hair Loss Treatment Center in Boca Raton, FL. At more than 11,000 square feet, his clinic is the world’s largest stand-alone treatment center dedicated exclusively to treating hair loss in both men and women. Dr. Bauman has been a full-time hair transplant surgeon who since 1997 has treated over 17,000 patients and performed over 7,000 hair transplant procedures. Dr. Bauman was recently once again voted as a top U.S. Hair Restoration Physician by the esteemed Aesthetic Everything Network, an annual review process that evaluates doctors’ medical education, training, professional affiliations, experience, expert source status with the national media, disciplinary histories, as well as medical peer and patient feedback. Dr. Bauman is one of approximately 100 physicians worldwide to achieve board certification from the esteemed American and International Board of Hair Restoration Surgery (ABHRS). He is a Fellow of the International Society of Hair Restoration Surgery (FISHRS), an accepted member of the International Alliance of Hair Restoration Surgeons (IAHRS), recommended by the American Hair Loss Association (AHLA), a member of the Pantene Hair Research Institute and an active lecturer and physician faculty member for numerous medical organizations. Dr. Bauman received his M.D. degree from New York Medical College and surgical residency training at Mt. Sinai Medical Center and Beth Israel Medical Center in New York before specializing exclusively in hair transplantation more than twenty years ago. As an award-winning philanthropist and founder of the 501(c)(3) non-profit Bauman Philanthropic Foundation, Dr. Bauman is also the proud recipient of the 2015 ‘Guardian Angel’ award presented at Wigs and Wishes by the founder of Friends Are By Your Side, Mr. Martino Cartier. Dr. Bauman also received the Business Leader of the Year Award presented to him by the Greater Boca Raton Chamber of Commerce thanks in part to his community support and active social contributions and involvement. Dr. Bauman has appeared in print, radio and television as a medical expert and successful early-adopter of the most advanced technologies in the treatment of hair loss. Appearances, interviews and profiles include the Today Show, The Early Show, Good Morning America, Extra, Access Hollywood and Dateline NBC among other TV appearances. Newspaper and Magazine articles and feature stories include The New York Times, Newsweek, Cosmo, Vogue, Allure, O – The Oprah Magazine and Men’s Health among others. Dr. Bauman is available for private individual long-distance or in-office consultations. Call Bauman Medical at 1-561-394-0024 or visit online at http://www.BaumanMedical.com For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/04/prweb14216529.htm Latest News Lewis Roca Rothgerber Christie Presents Annual Pro Bono Awards SMPTE Announces Program Details for Fifth Annual Entertainment Technology in the Connected Age (ETCA) Conference SMIXIN AG wins AIT Design Award at the ISH 2017 for the COMBI Hand Washing System Author Dr. Karen R. January Presents “Lessons Mama Never Taught Me” at Barnes & Noble with Actress, Imani Hakim, Former Child Star from UPN’s “Everybody Hates Chris” Regional Chemotherapy Alternative Cancer Treatment Was the Last Resort to Save the Life of Little Melina Steven R. Drexel, President and CEO of Cornerstone Staffing Solutions, Shares Insights for March 2017 Employment Situation Kessick Wine Storage Systems Announces The Release Of Essentials Custom Wine Cellar Sketchup Components For Design Professionals Top Hair Loss Expert Dr. Alan J. Bauman Reveals the Secrets to his Success on The CEO Show Irina Gorbman Brings Her Wearable Art to the IM Boston Marketplace Company Wall of Fame that Boosts Productivity: General Availability Announcement © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   Future Market Insights Press Release Receive press releases from Future Market Insights: By Email RSS Feeds: Cold, Cough and Sore Throat Remedies Market Expected to be Worth US$ 45.4 Bn by 2026 Future Market Insights has announced the addition of the Cold, Cough and Sore Throat Remedies Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment 2016-2026" report to their offering. Valley Cottage, NY, April 06, 2017 --(PR.com)-- Seeking professional medical help for curing cold, cough or sore throat is become a rare practice, let alone getting admitted in a hospital. Prevalence of cold, cough & sore throat problems through the ages has made people more independent in terms of treating them. In the years to come, effective home remedies will continue to gain traction and people will be taking care of their cold or sore throat through such easy-to-treat remedies. Future Market Insights’ latest report delivers such discernments that are expected to leave a considerable imprint on the global market for cold, cough & sore throat remedies. Based on the report, the global cold, cough & sore throat remedies market is presently valued at US$ 32.4 Bn, and is anticipated to incur sluggish growth at 3.2% CAGR to bring in just over US$ 45.4 Bn by the end of 2026. The report distinctly indicates that rising adoption of self-medication practices and effective home remedies is restraining the market’s overall growth. In the report, titled “Cold, Cough and Sore Throat Remedies Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment, 2016-2026,” affordability of OTC drugs, rising economic burden of respiratory diseases, availability of medications in variable dosages, and fast & instant relief delivered through such cold, cough & sore throat remedies are driving the market’s growth. Nevertheless, the demand for cold, cough & sore throat remedies is less likely to soar at a healthy rate. RequestFor Sample @ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-1292 Product Recalls & Low Entry of New Players Impacting the Market’s Growth Firstly, the global cold, cough & sore throat remedies market is projected to witness umpteen product recalls. Global leaders in pharmaceuticals industry such as Novartis AG, Pfizer Inc., Bayer AG, GlaxoSmithKline plc., and Reckitt Benckiser Group plc are key players in the global market for cold, cough & sore throat remedies. Despite, there are several newly-launched products that have been recalled after FDA’s censure. Besides, even consumer goods behemoths such as Procter & Gamble Co. and Johnson & Johnson Services Inc. are partaking in the market’s growth. This has resulted in a lowering entry of emerging drugmakers, which has further distorted the market’s growth. Other leading manufacturers of cold, cough & sore throat remedies include AstraZeneca plc, Prestige Brands Inc., and Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. Send An Enquiry @ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gb-1292 The report highlights how Asia-Pacific excluding Japan (APEJ) region will remain the largest market for cold, cough & sore throat remedies. The region’s proximity to environmental pollution makes its residents more prone to respiratory diseases. With over 30% stake in global revenues, the APEJ cold, cough & sore throat remedies market will global dominate through 2026. North America and Europe will also remain at the forefront, by collectively accounting for nearly half of the global revenues throughout the forecast period. The report further reveals that in 2017 and beyond, the demand for antihistamine drugs, expectorants and decongestants will remain considerably high as these revenues from sales of these drugs will showcase growth at more than 3% CAGR. Tablets or pills and nasal drops will also dominate as dosage types, accounting for over 40% share of market value through 2026. The report also predicts retail pharmacies & drug stores as the largest distribution channels for cold, cough & sore throat remedies. Together, these channels will bring in nearly US$ 30 Bn by the end of 2026. Browse Full Report @ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/cold-cough-sore-throat-remedies-market Contact Information Future Market Insights Sudip Saha +1-347-918-3531 Contact www.futuremarketinsights.com 616 Corporate Way, Suite 2-9018 Valley Cottage, NY 10989 United States F: +1-845-579-5705 Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from Future Market Insights Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Blade Vault, Reprints Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education Weekly Ads Friday, Apr 07, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Economy Businesses seek action, not trade war, in summit REUTERS Published on April 5, 2017 Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print This combination of file photos shows Chinese President Xi Jinping, left, and U.S. President Donald Trump. ASSOCIATED PRESS Enlarge WASHINGTON — Although worried about the prospect of a trade war, American businesses operating in China nonetheless want President Trump to wring some concessions on market access from China’s leader Xi Jingping when the two meet this week. Mr. Trump warned in a tweet last week the meetings at his Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida on Thursday and Friday will be “very difficult” and “American companies must be prepared to look at other alternatives.” The President has said he wants U.S. companies to stop investing in China and instead create jobs at home.  He has also accused China of manipulating its currency to boost exports. Critics within U.S. industry have accused China of unfair government subsidies to its companies, and of flooding the U.S. market with cheap products from steel to solar panels, while restricting foreign investment over vast swathes of the world’s second-biggest economy. But they also worry Mr. Trump’s policies on China are not entirely clear, with his trade team still not in place, and may be subject to a “grand bargain” involving other issues such as North Korea. Mr. Trump is set to enter the meeting without several key advisers, including his pick for trade negotiator, Robert Lighthizer, who has yet to be confirmed by Congress. Some of the largest U.S. companies have contributed to the billions of dollars of foreign direct investment that have poured into China over the past two decades. They include tech companies like Apple, which makes much of its iPhone in China; automakers such as General Motors and Ford; heavy machinery firms like Caterpillar; retailers like Starbucks; and makers of shaving foam and detergent, like Procter & Gamble. U.S. steel producers want Mr. Trump to press Mr. Xi on Chinese steel prices, according to a source who has been in discussions with the administration in advance of the summit. And U.S. automakers complain about a disparity in tariffs: The United States has a 2.5 percent tariff on auto imports, China’s is 25 percent. But the stakes are perhaps highest for American technology firms, who worry that China’s new cyber-security law sets potentially discriminatory standards for multinationals. The Information Technology & Innovation Foundation, a think-tank whose board includes representatives from Apple, IBM, Google, and other tech heavyweights, has urged the Trump Administration to pressure China to “stop rigging markets.” It warned that possible retaliation from Beijing was not a reason for inaction. Related Items trade , china , China government , Xi Jinping , United States government , Donald Trump Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
null
null
Variety Editions: U.S Latino Global Asia Subscribe Today! Navigation Menu Film TV Digital Contenders Video Dirt Scene More Biz Music Legit Jobs Conferences Insight Archives Directory Choose Edition: U.S Latino Global Asia Russia | My Account Sign In Subscribe Home TV News E! Acquires People’s Choice Awards Daniel Holloway Senior TV Reporter @gdanielholloway Share This Article LinkedIn Email Print Talk Rob Latour/Variety/REX/Shutterstock April 6, 2017 | 11:45AM PT E! has acquired the People’s Choice Awards, the cable channel announced Thursday. Beginning in 2018, the awards show will be broadcast on E! and produced by NBCUniversal’s Wilshire Studios, which produces E!’s red carpet coverage. “Rooted in pop culture and celebrity, the ‘People’s Choice Awards’ is a natural extension for E! and we are excited to evolve and supercharge this fan-centered event for the next generation in a way that only E! can,” said Adam Stotsky, president of E! “Over two decades ago, E! created the red carpet experience and became the leading destination for fans on Hollywood’s biggest nights.  With this acquisition, we are harnessing our entertainment authority, live event expertise and huge multi-platform reach to take fans beyond the red carpet and offer a true end to end consumer experience.” The Peoples Choice Awards show was created by Robert Stivers in 1975 and was previously owned by Procter & Gamble and produced by Mark Burnett. The show originally used polling by gallup to determine award winners in television, film, and music categories based on popular opinion. In 2005, it switched to an online system that allowed fans and viewers to vote directly for their favorites. CBS had the broadcast home of the People’s Choice Awards since its birth. The most recent show, hosted in January by Joel McHale, drew 6.6 million viewers and an all-time low 1.2 rating in the 18-49 demo, according to Nielsen live-plus-same day numbers. The New York Times first reported the acquisition. Filed Under: E! People's Choice Awards Want to read more articles like this one? SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY. Post A Comment 1 Most Popular 1 Film 11:35PM PT Film Review: ‘The Case for Christ’ 2 TV 8:42PM PT Jimmy Kimmel Pays Tribute to Don Rickles: ‘I’m Going to Cry’ 3 Film 7:15PM PT Film Review: ‘Going in Style’ 4 Biz 6:37PM PT U.S. Launches Military Strike in Syria After Chemical Weapons Attack 5 Film 6:23PM PT ‘Kong: Skull Island’ Tops $500 Million in Worldwide Box Office ‘Get Out’ Leads First-Ever MTV Movie and TV Awards Nominations Academy Launches Internship Program Aimed at Diversity and Inclusion ‘Americans,’ ‘Fargo,’ ‘House of Cards’ Among Series in Pre-Emmy Voting Pileup ‘Feud’ at the Oscars: Ryan Murphy on Joan Crawford, Bette Davis and Recreating Academy History Variety Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut See More Jobs Marketplace Leave a Reply 1 Comment Cancel reply Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Bas says: April 6, 2017 at 12:10 pm All of Comcast is on a spending spree. Reply Report comment More TV News from Variety The Power of Content Take Advantage of Detroit's Cultural Renaissance at This… SundanceTV To Broadcast Amazon's 'Transparent' This Summer Melania Trump Shortened Her $5,500 Red Dress and Flaunted… Riverdale Recap: Don't Be a Sap, Archie 'The Night Of' Season 2: Riz Ahmed, John Turturro and Steven… Subscribe to Variety Today! All The Ways to Get Variety Online Subscription Print Subscription Mobile Apps Newsletters News Alerts Archives Slanguage Dictionary Help Other Variety Products Media: Variety 411 Research & Data: Variety Insight Archives Premium Email Alerts Real Estate Jobs Access the best entertainment industry data available View the Variety archives dating back to 1905 Get News Delivered To Your Inbox Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use About Us Advertise Contact Us Google+ The Power of Content Deadline india.com Hollywoodlife @hollywood TV Line GOLDDERBY WWD Footwearnews © Copyright 2017 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Variety411: Your production services resource ad
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News April 2017 Fr Th We Tu Mo Su Sa 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 Former McDonald's Communications and D&I Executive, Cristina Alfaro, Joins Elevate Relations to Co-lead Strategic Business Expansion New partnership offers strategic communications services that elevate brand trust and awareness among cross-cultural audiences   Communications and D&I Expert, Cristina Alfaro LOS ANGELES - April 6, 2017 - PRLog -- Cristina Alfaro, former McDonald's Communications and Diversity & Inclusion executive is teaming up with cross-cultural communications executive Jennifer Stansfield (a.k.a. Jennifer Gonzalez) to co-lead Elevate Relations, a consulting firm offering clients customized services to serve their diverse communications needs. "Joining Elevate Relations as a partner is a terrific opportunity to apply the learnings from my years of experience in both corporate communications and public relations agency roles," said Cristina Alfaro. "Having worked with Jen to advance McDonald's positioning in the Hispanic market, I am thrilled to join forces again under this new venture to bring strategic and innovative solutions to our clients' communications challenges." "Our leadership as communications strategists is reinforced by our combined experience," said Jennifer Stansfield. "We bring a fresh approach to client relations, coupled with an innate ability to think cross-culturally in today's changing communications landscape. It's a win-win for our clients." Founded in 2014, Elevate Relations serves clients across different industries in the U.S. and Mexico from offices in California and Florida. Services include strategic communications, brand reputation building, issues management, spokesperson training, media and influencer engagement, and more. Go to www.elevaterelations.com for more information. # # # Cristina Alfaro is a highly-accomplished communications executive with extensive experience in strategic public relations, community engagement, D&I strategies, corporate positioning, issues management and multicultural communications. She joined McDonald's Corporation in 2006 to lead multicultural communications efforts, as well as new product launches, promotions and brand trust initiatives. She successfully positioned the brand as a premier supporter of Hispanic education and developed award-winning campaigns to launch several new products including Southwest Salad, Fruit & Maple Oatmeal and Southern Style Chicken. In her most recent role as Director of Global Inclusion and Community Engagement at McDonald's, she led the company's community engagement initiatives, including identifying, building and maintaining partnerships with key diversity organizations and overseeing corporate philanthropy. She also directed the company's internal and external diversity communications. Prior to joining McDonald's, Cristina honed her communications skills working for different public relations agencies, where she led teams that served major consumer and hospitality brands. Jennifer Stansfield is a communications strategist who started as a journalist in her native Mexico City and has built a successful public relations career focused on creating integrated communications programs that reach culturally diverse audiences to elevate brand awareness across borders. After relocating to Los Angeles in 2000, she worked for leading U.S. and global public relations agencies, creating multicultural communications programs, content and media strategies for top consumer brands including Procter & Gamble, Sony Electronics, General Motors, Suzuki, XM Satellite Radio and McDonald's. In addition, Jennifer led social marketing initiatives for multicultural audiences on behalf of organizations like Mexico's Televisa Foundation, California Department of Public Health, the California Student Aid Commission, the California Coalition Against Sexual Assault, and the Southern California Earthquake Center. Jennifer launched Elevate Relations in 2014 to offer culturally-relevant communications services to clients in both Mexico and the U.S. Contact Jennifer Stansfield/ Elevate Relations ***@elevaterelations.com Photo: https://www.prlog.org/12631468/1 End Source : Elevate Relations Email : ***@elevaterelations.com Tags : Public Relations, Elevate Relations, Cristina Alfaro Industry : Marketing Location : Los Angeles - California - United States Subject : Partnerships Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse Page Updated Last on: Apr 06, 2017 SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
Things to Read Resist Trump Guide to Food And Drink (International Edition) Spring Art and Performance New To Town Green Guide Person of Interest Home Slog Savage Love Queer I, Anonymous Features News Weed Food&Drink Music Film Art Theater Books Things to Do First Thursday Art Walk Resistance & Solidarity Easter National Poetry Month Things To Do Home All Events Music Movie Times Film Festivals&Events Theater&Dance Comedy Art Readings&Talks Food&Drink Events Queer Weed Festivals Community&Civics Geek&Gaming Sports&Recreation Restaurants Bars&Clubs Log in Sign up Menu Close Things To Read Resist Trump Guide to Food And Drink (International Edition) Spring Art and Performance New To Town Green Guide Person of Interest Home Slog Savage Love Queer I, Anonymous Features News Weed Food&Drink Music Film Art Theater Books Print Archives Things To Do First Thursday Art Walk Resistance & Solidarity Easter National Poetry Month Things To Do Home All Events Music Movie Times Film Festivals&Events Theater&Dance Comedy Art Readings&Talks Food&Drink Events Queer Weed Festivals Community&Civics Geek&Gaming Sports&Recreation Restaurants Bars&Clubs Other Things Stranger Tickets Stranger Perks Account Log in Sign up SLOG Politics Congressman Dave Reichert Voted To Effectively Gut the EPA by Rich Smith • Apr 6, 2017 at 8:23 am Tweet This man is no Lorax. He speaks for no trees. Courtesy of Dave Reichert Last week, Congressman Dave Reichert (WA-8) voted along with a majority of Republicans to pass two bills: the HONEST Act (formerly known as the “Secret Science Reform Act”) and the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act. As this great piece in the Atlantic from science writer Ed Yong and this great piece from Vox explain, both of these bills use the liberal-friendly language of transparency to mask their real goal, which is to cripple the already financially imperiled agency. Before we get into the weeds about bills that are unlikely to pass the Senate, but which very much align with erstwhile president Bannon's desire to "dismantle the administrative state," let's review where some EPA grant money has been going in the counties that compose Reichert's district: King, Pierce, Kittitas and Chelan. According to the Washington State Department of Health's website, EPA grants are used to "work with farmers to install fencing, feeding and watering facilities to keep manure out of streams" and "conduct site visits and offer technical and financial assistance to reduce pollution from farms." Nice! Some EPA money goes to "research[ing] new technologies to reduce pollution and pathogens." Considerate! And some goes to enhancing the septic systems. Clean! Brian Resnick at Vox claims that The HONEST Act makes it more difficult for the EPA to use the best available science in its assessments by forcing the agency to cite only publicly available research. While that idea doesn't sound so bad, the costs to the agency would be astronomical. Here's what the CBO wrote about a nearly identical version of this bill: H.R. 1030 [aka "The Secret Science Act"] would amend the Environmental Research, Development, and Demonstration Authorization Act of 1978 to prohibit the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) from proposing, finalizing, or disseminating a “covered action” unless all scientific and technical information used to support that action is publicly available in a manner that is sufficient for independent analysis and substantial reproduction of research results. Covered actions would include assessments of risks, exposure, or hazards; documents specifying criteria, guidance, standards, or limitations; and regulations and regulatory impact statements. So the EPA wouldn't be able to assess how hazardous your town's septic system is unless they made widely available all the evidence they used to support that assessment. How much would it cost per year to make that evidence widely available? The CBO again: Based on information from EPA, CBO expects that EPA would spend $250 million annually over the next few years to ensure the transparency of information and data supporting some covered actions. The reason why it'd cost so much is because, as Resnick explains, the EPA does a lot of its own research, and lots of the other research it cites lives behind paywalls. In order to collect and disseminate the 50,000 studies per year that the EPA relies on to make its decisions, they'd need to pay, the CBO estimates, anywhere between $10,000 and $30,000 per study to meet the bill's demands. Moreover, as Yong reports, the bill would impose costly bureaucratic requirements. If the EPA wanted to propose public health legislation that relied on private data from medical records, for instance, administrators would have to redact all the names in the research materials on which they relied, a process that Yong says can take thousands of hours. As Resnick mentions, the bill "only outlines $1 million for compliance," not $250 million. So, the HONEST Act essentially imposes an unfunded mandate on the EPA. They either have to use less research, which would make them ineffective, or pay to make the research they've been using publicly available, which would bankrupt them. "All signs point to the idea that this bill is just a Trojan horse, a means to clog the pipeline of EPA action," Resnick writes. The EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act affects the—you guessed it—Science Advisory Board, a group of 48 experts split up into seven sub-committees that advise the head of the EPA. Scott Pruitt is the current secretary of that department, and he is in desperate need of advising. A few weeks ago, for instance, Pruitt announced his skepticism about the basic laws of physics. If the SAB reform bill passes, those who are doing work that involves EPA grants won't be able to serve on the board, and those who serve on the board won't be able to apply for EPA grants for three years after their term of service. These restrictions, again, are supposedly in the service of eliminating conflicts of interest. But, as Yong argues, current board members with EPA grants would have to go back in time and remove themselves from the board, which, of course, also defies the basic laws of physics. (Actually, Einstein says we can go back in time, but not forward. But, whatever, you know what I'm saying.) "Most current members [of the board] are academic scientists, but 11 currently come from NGOs, state governments, and private companies like Procter & Gamble, Dow, and ExxonMobil," Yong claims. "The SAB Reform Act’s goal is to change those proportions." So the bill isn't really about solving a non-existent conflict of interest problem at the EPA. Rather, it only serves to scare off academic scientists and other non-industry experts who rely on EPA grants to partially fund their research. Sometimes Reichert votes on so-called pro-environment conservation efforts in order to appease the liberals in his district and uphold the fiction that he has "a conscience-driven independent streak." His votes for these two anti-science and anti-EPA bills suggest he's anything but a rubber stamp for Trump's agenda. I’ve asked Reichert’s office for a statement on his vote for the HONEST Act and the SAB reform act, and I’ll be sure to update this post if they get back to me on this or any other matter at all. Reichert Watch: Every time Reichert takes a party line vote that hurts his constituents or introduces needless legislation or does anything at all, we'll add it to the list. • On March 28th, Reichert voted against demanding to see Trump's tax returns for the third time. • On March 9, he voted for the GOP plan to repeal and replace Obamacare. • A week later, after a Congressional Budget Office analysis found the plan could leave 24 million people across the country without insurance by 2026, he defended it. • Before that, Reichert made misleading statements about threats posed by his own constituents. • Recently, he voted for the SCRUB act, which creates a regulatory committee to identify and eliminate regulations that don’t directly increase the GDP. The committee’s goals align with White House chief strategist Stephen Bannon’s plan to “deconstruct the administrative state," but the irony of commissioning a regulatory agency to cut back on regulations is lost on no one, especially not tax payers who are being charged $30 million for the favor. • Reichert twice voted against forcing Trump to show Congress his tax returns (once in committee and once in a roll call vote), which may illuminate conflicts of interest and business ties with Russia. • Reichert was the only Washington Republican who voted to gut the Office of Congressional Ethics. • In 2014, he proposed a bill that would ban welfare recipients from using benefits to buy weed, despite the fact that such purchases were already illegal. • In 2010, he voted to maintain “Don’t Ask Don’t Tell." • That same year, Reichert suffered significant brain trauma when a tree branch fell on his head. The resulting hand-sized blood clot that formed in his brain went untreated for two months. • In their 2006 endorsement, The Seattle Times Editorial Board applauded Reichert for his "conscience-driven independent streak," but, that same year, during a speech before the Mainstream Republicans of Washington, Reichert expressed his readiness to vote along party lines, saying: "when the leadership comes to me and says, 'Dave, we need you to take a vote over here because we want to protect you and keep this majority,' I... I do it." Though he has voted for some land conservation efforts, Reichert describes his pro-environment votes as "chess pieces, strategies" to hold his seat in a swing district. (RICH SMITH AND HEIDI GROOVER) 6 You might also be interested in these: Sponsored: Kick up your heels & save 20% on PNB's BALLET ON BROADWAY, April 13 - 23 at McCaw Hall. Seattle Times: Kent Man Files Lawsuit Accusing Mayor Ed Murray of Raping Him as a Teenager by Heidi Groover Local Writer David Lewis Featured in NBC's Ellen DeGeneres-Produced First Dates by Charles Mudede Most Popular in Slog GOP Goes Nuclear by Dan Savage Savage Love Letter of the Day: Reader Advice Round-up by Dan Savage Seattle Times: Kent Man Files Lawsuit Accusing Mayor Ed Murray of Raping Him as a Teenager by Heidi Groover Stream Queen: More Ways to Watch Absolutely Fabulous (and Other Fab Female-Led TV Comedies) by Chase Burns We Asked Seattle Politicians to Respond to Activist Omari Tahir-Garrett's Anti-Semitic and Anti-Asian Remarks by Eli Sanders and Steven Hsieh Patrick Neill Gundran Is the Busker Worth Removing Your Earbuds For by Dave Segal Federal Police Monitor Finds SPD in Initial Compliance with Revised Use of Force Tactics by Ana Sofia Knauf Newsletters Sign up for the latest news and to win free tickets to events Stranger Tickets Buy tickets to events around Seattle Stranger Things To Do Comprehensive calendar of Seattle events Stranger Things To Do App The easiest way to find Seattle's best events This Week's Issue Print Archives Publication Info Masthead Ad Info & Rates Distribution Jobs at The Stranger Contact Check it out Follow Us RSS Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram All contents © Index Newspapers LLC 1535 11th Ave (Third Floor), Seattle, WA 98122 Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Takedown Policy All contents © Index Newspapers LLC 1535 11th Ave (Third Floor), Seattle, WA 98122 Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Takedown Policy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 April 2017 by Military News FMCG Packaging Market Set to Grow Exponentially During the Forecast, 2020 Fast-moving consumer goods are the high volume, low priced items that are quickest to leave the supermarket shelves. They include durable and non-durable goods such as cosmetics, toiletries, detergents, batteries, plastic goods, paper products, etc. Packaging is vital to the FMCG market as it is an essential element for proper positioning of the product. Packaging allows effective communication between consumers and brand owners through graphics, colours, images, product information and logos. This serves as an important medium for communication and a tool for companies to distinguish product appearance from that of their rivals. In the fast-moving consumer goods (FMCG) sector, packaging plays a key role in affecting consumer choice and thus an important factor in point-of-purchase decisions. Nowadays, the marketing environment has become competitive and complex. This is due to inclusion of modern marketing tools such as packaging, branding and other aspects at a large scale as compared to basic marketing techniques. In order to enhance product visibility in the market, packaging has emerged as a unique tool to create a direct impact on consumer perception about the corresponding product. Factors such as increasing middle-class population in developing countries, changing consumer lifestyles and technological advancements to develop eco-friendly packaged products are expected to drive the demand for FMCG packaging in the near future. Furthermore, changing consumer lifestyles support the demand for varied consumer products which is expected to enhance the growth of this market. This has led to differentiated packaging which indirectly affects manufacturers. However, compliance of stringent environmental regulations related to packaging is a key factor restraining the market growth. Creation of new materials with the help of sustainable packaging to offer efficient designs is a key trend driving the FMCG packaging market. Request For Report Sample@ www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-110 The FMCG packaging market is segmented on the basis of packaging type and end-user industries. The various types of packaging materials based on the type of product include protective packaging, flexible packaging, paper-based packaging, rigid plastic packaging, custom packaging and others. These packaging materials face challenges due to sourcing based on parameters like health consciousness, mobility and consumerism in pharmaceutical and health products. Shift in global buying patterns of consumers coupled with a surge for value-added products has led to an increase in consumer willingness for premium products. Thus, to target the consumer spending for packaging, companies are focusing on developing attractive packaging products. FMCG packaging serves end-user industries, such as food, beverages, healthcare, cosmetics and others. Among all the end-user industries, the food & beverages sector serves as the largest market for packaging companies to invest in the long run. The demand for packaging in recent years is being recognized across the emerging markets with developed markets retaining their market share with a modest growth. However, demand from emerging markets is expected to record a double-digit growth in the next five to six years. Packaging in the FMCG sector accounts for a large share in the material cost involved in developing a finished product. Thus companies at a global level are developing innovative packaging solutions to minimize the operational cost. The FMCG packaging market is highly fragmented when analysed from the supply side perspective with less number of companies having a substantial share in the total market. This leads to less entry barriers for new entrants in this market. However, skilled labour, equipment and machinery are identified as barriers for a sustainable growth in the near future. Nestlé S.A., Procter & Gamble Company and PepsiCo Inc. are among the leading FMCG companies across the globe. Other prominent players of the FMCG packaging market include Kimberly-Clark, Altria Group, Kraft Foods, Mondel?z International Inc., Philip Morris International Inc., Unilever Group, Amcor Limited and Tetra Pak International. Request For TOC@ www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-110 ABOUT US: Future Market Insights (FMI) is a leading market intelligence and consulting firm. We deliver syndicated research reports, custom research reports and consulting services, which are personalized in nature. FMI delivers a complete packaged solution, which combines current market intelligence, statistical anecdotes, technology inputs, valuable growth insights, an aerial view of the competitive framework, and future market trends. CONTACT: Future Market Insights 616 Corporate Way, Suite 2-9018, Valley Cottage, NY 10989, United States T: +1-347-918-3531 F: +1-845-579-5705 Email: sales@futuremarketinsights.com Website: www.futuremarketinsights.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Media Consulting, Marketing Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Market Research on Advanced Mobile UX Design Services Market 2015 and Analysis to 2025 Next PostNext Global Ticket Gate Market Perspective by Comprehensive Analysis, Growth Prediction to 2022 Search Recent Posts Gestcom Deploys Genesys Cloud Solution for Customer Engagement Global Solder Fume Extractor Adapter industry Outlook 2022: key players, Analysis by Applications and growth Prediction Global Simple Programmable Logic Devices(SPLD) industry Outlook 2022: key players, Analysis by Applications and growth Prediction Global Selfie Camera Market Perspective by Comprehensive Analysis, Growth Prediction to 2022 2017 Worldwide report On Truck-Bus Tires Market Forecast 2021 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Toggle navigation news city campus crime map sports football men's basketball women's basketball ice hockey volleyball men's soccer women's soccer baseball softball opinion features puzzles multimedia contact Friday, April 7, 2017 Larry Nassar coverage |    Apply for Editor in Chief features Engineering student wins Hertz Foundation Graduate Fellowship By Jaimie Bozack April 5, 2017 10:45 pm Chemical engineering senior Rebecca Carlson explains lab equipment on March 30, 2017 at Engineering Building. Carlson is one of 12 students nationwide to receive the Hertz Fellowship. Carlson said this will provide her funding to choose what research project she will be doing and connects her to other Hertz fellows, providing an opportunity for them to learn from each other. Chloe Grigsby | The State News By Jaimie Bozack April 5, 2017 10:45 pm The Hertz Foundation Graduate Fellowship Award received more than 700 applications from students across the country. Among the names in the pile of applications was chemical engineering senior Rebecca Carlson. Carlson is a chemical engineering student who has recently been awarded the fellowship. She is among the 12 people nationwide to receive it.  The fellowship is awarded to students pursuing an advanced degree in engineering and physical sciences. Her tuition and cost-of-living is covered by the award, giving her the opportunity to research in her field and connect with other Hertz fellows. Carlson said she is currently studying RNA molecules and siRNAs. She is working to determine how RNA can be engineered to silence genes more effectively. “I really like the combination of the engineering approach and the biology, so what we are doing at the lab is trying to design an RNA to be more active and so looking at what sequences are the best,” Carlson said. Carlson is working as a research assistant for associate professor Patrick Walton in his bioengineering lab. Carlson said her passion for chemical engineering stems from her love for math and science. “I didn’t know that much about my major going into undergrad, so I really liked chemistry and calculus and math problem solving so I thought chemical engineering was a good major to pick,” Carlson said. Carlson grew up in Italy. She said after living there for 14 years she developed a love for languages. Her love inspired her to pursue a minor in Chinese. Carlson said she would like to incorporate her love for languages in her future. Her goal is to become a professor at MSU or another large college and she would like to start a research center in West Africa. “I really like the honors college at MSU and also just the size of the College of Engineering,” Carlson said. “The fact that we are at this big school with so many different resources and so many different clubs and things to join, but also that within engineering, I have class with maybe 120 people but we take so many classes together that I know almost everyone in my year. I think MSU is great because it is a big school but it also feels small.” Chemical engineering senior Laura Azouz said she met Carlson through her chemical engineering classes and through the club Bridges International. Azouz and Carlson are currently roommates. Azouz said she shares Carlson’s passion for engineering but said it was a struggle to grasp at first. “It is definitely a learning curve especially sophomore year when I first started to take the pure chemical engineering classes because they are unlike anything I have taken in high school,” Azouz said. “It is a whole different approach to things, and you have to be able to deal with a lot of variables ... and not be intimidated by that. Sort of take it step-by-step until you get to the solution.” Ariel Rose graduated in 2016 with a major in engineering. Rose and Carlson were partners in labs and the two worked on a senior design project in a 30-day process. “It is rare to find an individual who has both a drive for an achievement of excellence to the level that she does while still possessing a deep sense of humility,” Rose said. Rose currently works at the north Chicago site of Procter and Gamble. She said Carlson helped prepare her for her current position at the company. “Becca was a big part of my preparation,” Rose said. “My work with her did help me to gain another angle on the way to approach some of the questions I encounter and also to give me inspiration for the possibilities of becoming excellent ... seeing her drive in that definitely encouraged me to look for those things more.” Want more articles like this? Subscribe to our email newsletter! Jaimie Bozack related MSU Police respond to elderly woman trapped under train MSU police and the Canadian Railroad Police responded to a 66-year-old woman trapped under a train at the Amtrak station near Harrison Rd. MSU dumps 1,250 gallons of ruined mayonnaise in anaerobic digester “I don’t even know how to describe a thousand gallons of mayonnaise.” After 500 2.5 gallon containers of mayonnaise were compromised by freezing ... Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Comments powered by Disqus Please note All comments are eligible for publication in The State News. Sections news sports features opinion puzzles classifieds Quick Links about us advertise board of directors photo reprints privacy policy religious guide work here Social alumni contact us email newsletter Latest Print Issue All Content © 2017 State News, Inc. Powered by Solutions by The State News.
