Sections News Eric Frein Trial Trump Weather Archives Obituaries Business Stocks Education Data Center NEPA 911 Health-Science Local History Gas Drilling Courts State Sports High School Penn State RailRiders Penguins Gameface Golf Motorsports Wildlife Varsity570 Lifestyles Curtain Call Student Artists Calendar Life events Food and wine 10 things Mothers Home and Garden On The Record Crossword Times Traveler My Town Scranton Dunmore Abingtons Downvalley Midvalley Upvalley N. Pocono Wayne Wyoming Susquehanna Opinion Editorials & Columns Letters Submit Letter Cole Cartoon Blog Blogs Chris Kelly Blog John Cole Cartoons High School Sports Penn State RailRiders Photo Blog Local History The Borys Blog WildLife Blog Contact Print Subscription Print Advertising NIE Press Pass Classifieds Classifieds NEPAAutoSource Real Estate Jobs Shopping Circulars Coupons Marketplace Smart Subscribe ALL ACCESS SUBSCRIPTION A Scranton Times-Tribune All Access subscription gets you complete access to both our print and digital publications, delivered to your home, desktop and mobile devices 7 days a week Subscribe to home delivery Digital Only Subscription Read the digital SMART Edition of The Times-Tribune on your PC or mobile device, and have 24/7 access to breaking news, local sports, contests, and more at thetimes-tribune.com or on our mobile apps. Digital Services Have news alerts sent to your mobile device, read the Smart Edition sign up for daily newsletters, activate your all access, enter contests, take quizzes, download our mobile apps and see the latest e-circulars. Contact Us   Manage your subscription, update your subscriber information, see frequently asked questions or request customer service support. Sign In News • Sports • Lifestyles • Obituaries • Opinion • Contact • Classifieds • Marketplace • Smart Procter & Gamble workers fight firing over lewd and off-color e-mails Win tickets to the BEST Brew Fest in PA! Win Tickets to the grand opening of Iron Horse Movie Bistro Curtain Call Play in the Weekly Auto Racing Challenge! Press Pass Become a VIP Subscriber! Click for businesses offering discounts to Press Pass Subscribers. (read more) POLL Do you color eggs for Easter? Yes No Show results This poll is not scientific and is meant for entertainment purposes. Education Databases Searchable databases on demographics, test scores, financial information and teacher profiles (read more) Tweets from @timestribune/times-tribune-newsroom Most Read Recent Comments Two arrested after downtown Scranton pill exchange Dickson City couple to pay almost $35,000 to settle federal civil claim Dad jailed for beating man who sexted his daughter Jermyn man charged in drive-by shooting Cops seize $50K worth of drugs, arrest two people Jessup man gets prison sentence for drive-by stabbing Jessup businessman to face new criminal charges in connection with 2014 fire High School Sports Blog Chris Kelly Blog: Christopher J. Kelly, is the Scranton Times-Tribune Columnist. My Town: Read and comment on news, sports, features and opinion from your local community: Court Notes: Complete listings of marriage licenses, property transactions, tax liens, estates filed News Flash: Get news alerts from the Times-Tribune on your mobile phone or in your email. Education Databases: Searchable databases on demographics, test scores, financial information and te Outlook 2017 Mother's Day Sections Auto Source - Updated Monthly! HomeSource - Updated Weekly Local Flavor Cookbook Medical Guide Readers' Choice 2016 Community Guide 2016 By Joe McDonald (Staff Writer) / Published: October 3, 2009 Article Tools Font size – + Share This     Nearly 30 former Procter & Gamble workers who were fired for e-mailing pictures of naked people and off-color jokes about President Obama through the company's computers are fighting to collect unemployment benefits, saying they didn't do anything wrong because "everyone else" did it, too. At a hearing Friday in South Scranton, the company's attorney, Ben Josielevski of Scranton, said the workers broke harassment and discrimination policies that are laid out in the company's business conduct manual, which employees are required to sign. Twenty-nine workers at the Procter & Gamble plant in Washington Twp. near Mehoopany were fired in two rounds in July and August. Anthony Pawluck of Greenfield Twp., who was fired July 8 after seven years at the plant, said at his hearing before Barry Chromey, the unemployment compensation referee, that he "never actually received it (the handbook)." "Did you ever think you were violating company policy?" asked his attorney, Paul Jennings of Scranton. "No," said Mr. Pawluck. "It was the norm. I got e-mails from some of my bosses." He said they were not fired. Mr. Pawluck said he forwarded the e-mails to others as a way to keep morale up at the plant. Mr. Chromey didn't seem swayed by the explanation. "I think a box of doughnuts would have been much better for morale," Mr. Chromey said. Mr. Chromey will decide whether Mr. Pawluck engaged in "willful misconduct," a finding that will determine if Mr. Pawluck is entitled to receive unemployment benefits. Among the pictures presented at the hearing was one of the White House with a watermelon patch on the front lawn and the caption,"There goes the neighborhood." Other e-mails featured assorted pictures of people in various stages of undress, some of whom were riding bicycles, others who were passed out or displaying detailed tattoos on their genitals. Throughout the hearing, Mr. Jennings asked Stephen O'Brien, the company's employee relations manager, if anyone had filed a complaint over the e-mails, and he said "No." Mr. Jennings asked why management at the plant didn't warn the employees about the e-mails before firing them. Mr. Jennings argued that since no one complained, there was no harassment and no reason why Mr. Pawluck and the others should have been fired. Mr. Chromey, who drummed his fingers on the desk while listening to that argument, said the company's harassment policy was put in place to protect itself from lawsuits brought by employees who were harassed on the job. Mr. Josielevski said the company's handbook tells employees to treat other workers with respect and to use the e-mails only for company business. Contact the writer: jmcdonald@timesshamrock.com Write your comment here Your name Word verification Type in the characters you see in the picture below. If you have trouble reading the characters in the picture, click it to see a new one. I have read and accepted the website's terms for commenting 12345Next » 98 posted comments The comments in this thread seem to be dedicated more to disputing "model employees" comments than addressing the real issue at hand here. Sure, we all know or knew a "model employee" at P&G. They are the ones that everyone avoids and keep looking over their shoulder at, when they are in the area. Not worth the space they take up but an unavoidable distraction. The real issue is P&G's current and past treatment of employees. Those of you that have been at P&G for any time think back to the last firing frenzy if you will. Try to remember the state of the economy during the drug and alcohol witch hunt. Try to remember the "targeted" employees and how they went about pitting coworker against coworker in private interviews without the benefit of confronting the accuser. Think about the hiring practice shortly after the Cleansing of the higher paid longer term employees. Granted a few lower ranking people were thrown in so as to not make it too obvious. For those of you that remember this it may seem like history does actually repeat itself. I am not a union proponent or opponent. All I would like to see is the P&G I knew back in 1972 and there after, when employees weren't a dime a dozen. A P&G that respected and valued their people for what they had to offer and weren't so calous about firing knowledge and experience for the sake of the almighty dollar. P&G has the abibility to control computer accesses if they want to. What's next when the economy goes sour? Healthcare? BMI too high? You're gone! You smoke? You're gone! Other negative factors? Get them under control or you're gone! Sound radical? It is. Think I'm wrong? In the seventies and eighties P&G condoned alcohol consumption. How? Yearly company function had a Happy hour with free drinks. Genetti's? Shadow Brook? Servomation. Remember them? Excess profits went to team Parties or use at the teams discrestion (usually involving alcohol). Computer useage can be limited to online production needs. Start passing company information in the team meeting. Not everyone needs e:mail and internet access. Limit access and let employees use their home accounts. A step backwards I know, but IT has the ability limit whatever and however they want for the right amount of money. They probably already have it. Face it people. This was a downsizing, cleansing, what ever you decide to call it and nothing more. Screw what P&G ER is saying to the UC litigators. Report 31ngone,  17 October 2009 kl. 18:54 When employees were confronted with some examples of the emails found on their accounts, after commenting they were just jokes the interviewer/terminator asked: "do you think this email is funny". Well yeah they think its funny or else they wouldn't have shared it with their friends who have shared jokes with them. I mean P&G uses suggestive humor in their ads, one that sticks out is the orgasm inducing shampoo commercial that suggest that the male shampooers should repeat if necessary if they're "UP" to it. There are many other examples of P&G ads that have cultivated this type of humor. The type of humor they all of a sudden can't see but did assume the "consumer public" would while viewing it in their commercials. Type in the following link for another example of P&G Humor: http://www.defamer.com.au/2009/05/procter-gamble-instructs-you-how-to-shave-your-balls/ Report no you didn't!,  16 October 2009 kl. 11:17 The first rounds of firings were related to the second, I dug up that original article and bracketed some statements which are interesting to me: A number of employees at the Procter & Gamble Paper Products plant in Washington Twp. were terminated Wednesday as a disciplinary measure, an official said. The [firings came following an extensive investigation] by company officials, plant spokesman Alex Fried said. No law enforcement agencies were involved, and there will be no criminal action, he said. Mr. Fried would not elaborate on what the employees did to lose their jobs, stating it is a personnel matter. He also would not specify how many employees were involved or the positions they held. Several other employees will be disciplined for their roles, he said, but [terminations related to the incident are complete]. Without disclosing any details about [the incident, Mr. Fried said it had no impact on production] or anything that would affect the public. He said this was not a means to reduce staff at the plant, as all of the positions left vacant by the firings will be filled. Report jp,  13 October 2009 kl. 11:14 I have a wild theory about the little interviews that were conducted with the affected employees. Some of them at the end of the interview were put on steps while others were fired. Much of the talk was that they were looking at the persons attitude, you know, whether or not they felt what they did was wrong and they know they made a mistake and were sorry, well I could tell you based on my own experience this wasn't the case, I was genuinely scared and cooperative and fired. I think that in their battery of questions they were trying to determine whether or not you were aware of a weakness in their case against you, whether you would cause them headaches in a courtroom somewhere. I think it would be a good idea for the fired people to get together with the people that were put on steps and compare notes. I was told by one of the interviewers that by the way I answered the questions, I would probably keep my job and be put on steps. But after he confered with the notetaking interviewer, who was more or less the legal expert in the room and whom I suspect initiated this whole agenda, the verdict was "we're terminating your employment with the company". Wow! where did that come from. Report all i do is think about this,  13 October 2009 kl. 09:55 with the exception of a few self proclaimed self righteous model employees, all p&g mehoopany employees know what their company did was wrong, they know there was a better way to handle this situation that would have put an end to the innapropriate computer use just as effectively. many more of them feel pretty lucky to have survived the terminations. they aren't going to do anything about it and no one expects them to or blames them for protecting their employment. but in a perfect world wouldn't it have been great if they organized as one huge group to protest the treatment of their former coworkers and friends. again, it is totally understandable that they don't rock the boat, I know if I were in their position I'd be just like them, grateful to have kept their job! but on the same token these surviving employees have undoubtedly lost a lot of respect for their leadership in the way this was handled, and no matter what kind of talks that their leadership has given or will give them it is not going to sway their true feelings on this issue. so after you give your little scripted speaches to the masses, don't for a minute think their naive enough to buy it. they know you screwed these employees and friends and their loyalty to the company will be forever changed and not in a good way. this kind of scare tactic method of management is never good for employee relations and will effect performance in a mfg. facility of this kind. its too bad that someone in leadership didn't put an end to someones self-promoting witch-hunt just because they went over their heads to do it!! everytime I run into any of my former coworkers they all relay the same thing, they tell me everyone feels we got a raw deal, many of them state they can't believe they weren't fired. they are all very supportive and understanding, contrary to what a few self proclaimed model employees are saying. whoever these model employees may be !!! Report appreciate my friends,  12 October 2009 kl. 14:36 Anyone ever see that british P&G commercial featuring the "I'M TOO SEXY" song with the singer moving his hand down to his crotch as he sings "I'm too sexy for my whites" or something like that? Heres some kind of response from p&g:Procter and Gamble (P&G) said they believed the ad was not unsuitable to be viewed by children; they said the word "sexy" was not offensive, or rude, and neither were the lead singer's gestures. They said the word "sexy" did not need to be excluded from the hearing of young children in their opinion. "There is a commercial by Herbal Essence Shampoo(P&G). A lady is in a salon and two other ladies are watching her get her hair washed. The one being washed is moaning while the other two ladies say she is having an 'organic' experience. Then one of the two decides to try it and moans as well and tells the men to 'work it.' At the end she says, 'OK, boys, it says to repeat if necessary. That is if you are up to it.'" "In the ads, a woman will have an 'organic' experience by using this shampoo. Her hair is usually washed by several hunky men. There are several subtleties added to each commercial. Some of them have Dr. Ruth adding her own comments. One of the ads takes place in a library where the book 'Moby Dick' is prominently shown." The Parents Television Council recently listed P&G as the third worst advertiser on television. They are not only pushing sexual exploitation in their commercials, but are also promoting filth in the programs they help sponsor. The following is from site that explains how companies use spam to reach the consumers:Remember, Procter and Gamble is paying these spammers to send you spam. Procter and Gamble may not be explicitly endorsing this activity, but if you don't let Procter and Gamble know you're upset, they're going to continue to pay spammers to send you spam. The best thing people can do to stop spam is to follow the principle not to buy from companies that send spam or otherwise profit from spam. Is this maybe why we get all those male enhancement spams on our company email, If p&g puts a stop to those they'd also be putting a stop to their own spams??!! More nudity from London In a related development in London, Procter & Gamble Co.'s P&G Beaute In the P&G Lacoste Homme TV spot, a naked man covorts through his apartment as the camera avoids a full-frontal view. What a role model for employees!!!! Report not fooled,  12 October 2009 kl. 11:52 Hey, I recall reading an article bout P&G firing people, but it wasn't 29, it was much less than that. Is this all related? That first group must have been fired for something else, because I do remember the P&G rep saying the terminations were done with for whatever that was all about. Unless someone recognized an opportunity here to dump some more employees and decided to expand their investigation deep enough to get the numbers they wanted. But I don't know because they never mentioned what these others were fired for! Anyone out there have any info on this? Seems like it be a strong case for ulterior motives if both groups were indeed fired for the same thing. Usually a PR guy isn't going to make statements unless they've been verified. Report johnq,  12 October 2009 kl. 09:49 Hey "Innappropriate Use" , I suppose if you got fired for something that others were doing you would keep this attitude and not try and fight it or at least fight for your benfits, something tells me you would be a little less of a "company man" if you were on the wrong side of the company's manipulation of their standards. First of all An employer being compared to a trooper is quite a stretch. A trooper can't get everyone that is speeding! What is he going to point the radar at hundreds of cars and then throw a big ol net on em all at once? Meanwhile P&G if it wants to can look at all email accounts(you said it yourself they are saved forever) and then fire everyone that is in violation, rather than just look at 80 employees out of over 2000 and then just fire the employees that fit under their formula for firing. If they don't look at everyone then how would they insure they got the worst offenders, maybe even the original person to ever get the ball rolling with all innapropriate emails. The trooper doesn't point the radar at just certain cars driving by, he points it at each and every one of them and then procedes accordingly, he does not have the ability to be perfectly fair where P&G does, but chooses not do. I would guess P&G punched in a lot of numbers and seen how many employees it would affect before they came up with their final threshold number for firing people. THE TROOPERS DON'T GET ALL 16 BEACAUSE IT IS PHYSICALLY IMPOSSIBLE, NOT THAT THEY JUST CHOSE NOT TO BUT P&G HAS THE ABILITY TO GET ALL THE INFO THEY NEED BUT CHOSE NOT TO, WHICH IS WHAT IS NOT FAIR ABOUT IT AND IF YOU WERE ONE OF THE FIRED EMPLOYEES I COULD GUARANTEE YOU WOULDN'T HAVE SUCH A "I GOT WHAT I DESERVE" ATTITUDE. Soooo you are saying if you were an employer you wouldn't want ANYONE that would use the company computers innapropriately. By you saying this it would lead me to believe you agree that all employees that did these things should be fired and not just 29 out 80 that were looked at out of more than 2000 that should be looked at!!!! You said it yourself and I quote; "I'll tell ya what!....As a employer, I wouldn't hire anyone that was labeled as a floater on the net, and looking and displaying un-authorized material on their employer provided computer (s) to be used as a tool for the job title." So i'm assuming if you wouldn't hire anyone like that than you also wouldn't keep anyone like that, and therefore you would track down ANYONE that did by looking at everyone and not just 4% of your employees. Seems like you contradict youself in your little rant there "LOOSER"!!! I don't know where you get off calling these people stupid, HELOOOO!! they didn't think if they delete it its gone forever, they just figured by the way it was so widespread, common and has been going on so long that everyone would get the same treatment. Based on how you contradicted yourself and assumed you are smarter than these people you think you are "waking up and educating" I think I would label you SRLFB (Self Righteous Looser & Full of Baloney). Case closed now go find a life which you obviously don't have. You are the kind of person who would support the death penalty until you're on death row youself and then you would sob like a baby and do everything possible to save your life. Someday you will find yourself in a similar situation and I hope you find no support whatsoever!!!! Report arrogance hater,  11 October 2009 kl. 15:50 I'm confused. We're talking about Procter and Gamble here. Aren't some of their ad campaigns a little riske, suggestive? Report Bill K,  10 October 2009 kl. 23:42 I work at P&G. I do not now or have not at any time shared or viewed bad emails. But I have received many disgusting spams, mostly to do with male enhancers. I delete them instantly and have reported them to systems, but still continue to receive them. I was worried for my employment about these but so far I'm still employed. Another of my coworkers is required to carry a company cell phone and he receives similar texts on the company cell. Its all around us. Report CB,  10 October 2009 kl. 23:39 MAN! I wonder if the fired employees are taking notes with all of these postings.......sounds to me they could make a decent case. Heck even if they didn't win, I think the public would be interested in hearing some of these facts.......I'd be sure to make all major media aware of the case Report curious,  10 October 2009 kl. 23:29 So, once upon a time P&G Mehoopany stated that company computers were for buisiness use only. Then as the years passed and computer use became more and more prevelant in many different facets of day to day buisiness, P&G proclaimed that they expect a certain amount of non-buisiness computer use with company computers. In turn non-buisiness use of company computers became more common, things that people did on the computer hiding in a corner office or cubicle started to be more visible. Employees weren't as afraid of the repercussions as much. AS a matter of fact after the first rounds of firings, there were mandatory meetings held, which in part, were used to quell peoples fears of being fired. Basically telling them they know most employees use company computers for non-buisiness related activities. So let me ask, before anyone was ever fired for company email usage, if you got the message that the company expects that there will be a certain amount of non-buisiness related computer use, meanwhile everyone you know is sharing jokes through the email and you see others surfing the net in various ways, would you think that you and a handful of others would get fired for it? I mean, think about it. If your on the computer to complete several shiftly expectations, one of which is to check your email, which may include some non-buisiness related items that take up a fraction of your computer time, wouldn't the act of surfing the net, shopping, watching sports or other news, etc. be more of a deliberate act. Specifically because the non-buisiness emails are in your buisiness email account, theres nothing that is part of your job that requires you to visit E-Bay, CNN.com., ESPN.com, etc. It would seem to me that one would be going more out of their way to surf the net than to forward a few emails......and some of the sites a lot of people are surfing have some much worse material that was contained in emails. Report mixed messages,  10 October 2009 kl. 23:22 I love all these self righteous people that say the fired employees are stupid and got what they deserved....they talk like they are perfect, hiding behind this medium where nobody knows who they are or what they are really like or the things they may do that some day might turn around and bite them in the butt, things they never would have guessed would wreck their lives.......I just hope I'm there to write letters about their predicament and how its their own fault even if others did the same thing.....I'm sure their holier than thou attitude would be different. Report amazed at the egos,  10 October 2009 kl. 22:42 My Fiancee was one of the people that lost his job. He too had a lap top that he would bring home. He would check his face book and look stuff up on the internet. Yes it may have been a company computer, but at home we paid for our own internet. And it was on his time. He was a tech 5, which is alot of money to lose. We are in fear of losing our home. Just had a baby too with some issues and even though every one thinks p and g is such a great place to work there full of it. I too work there. Its horrible. The health care is not as grood as every one makes it out to be. The daily stress and bull crap they make you put up with on a daily basis is ridiculous. Its no wonder why half the population that works there is on medication. My fiancee put blood sweat and tears into that place. He bent over baackwards, even saved the area that he worked in nearly a million dollars with the work that he did. And for them to turn around and fire him over 20 emails over the course of 11 or so years.. honestly, that is like 2 a year. more so since i know for fact that some were sent by his leaders. Also every single person he sent to and received from, not one of them were fired. there still sitting high a mighty with there jobs while we figure how to keep our house and where we are going to come up with money for the next car payment and putting the babys medical bils at the back of the stack wondering when the bill collector for that is going to start calling again. Proctor and gamble of all people now the economy is down. our stocks show it. They also know there aren't any jobs out there that would pay like this one. And they threw these people out on there butts. Ruined there lives and there family's lives. And they want to call them a family oriented company. Sure, unlikly story. Why don't they use pictures of these familys that they crushed and put them on there commercials. All these people saying "how do we know they didn't have a warning about the firings." We didn't. When this all started, every one was working on pins and needles , wondering every minute if they were going to be next on the firing squad. It was like nazi germany all over again. " line em up boys" " you, you, and you. your fired" "bang"! These 29 people were picked out of the bunch. I know this for a fact because the people that SENT to him are still here. What goes around comes around is all i can say. Zero tolerance is zero tolerance. And this place is nothing but a mockery any more. Fair warning to any one looking to get in here. If you want to keep your sanity stay clear. You ever notice how the barb wire fence curls in?? seems more like a penitentary. I know half of you are going to say. well why don't you quit? Cant afford it now. We had all the plans in the world for me to quit and stay at home with the kids, not going to happen now. Health insurance for us and dental. It may suck but its something. Him getting fired ruined our dreams, at least mine any ways. And all you people out there saying good for them, they deserve to get fired. Why don't you were the shoe on the other foot. Think about your husbands and wives getting fired fom there jobs. Especially over some thing so dumb. Im sure you would be pissed to. I am. Especially now they want to deny them unemployment, nothing to hold them over untill they can even try to find a new job. More houses going underrepos and such. Think about what would happen if every major company did this. Started firing for mundane reasons. Economy sucks as it is. its just stupid. And so isn't that place. Report Ticked off and angry,  10 October 2009 kl. 14:07 If P&G just wanted to stop this behavior, they could have easily accomplished this without firing anyone. Nevermind the fact that they limited the effects of their investigation by limiting the number of employees accounts that were examined. Everyone of the fired employees can tell you they had at least one person on their distribution list that had sent them as much and in some cases more of the same types of emails they were fired for, and these people are still working there. So how is it you could look at someone's email account and miss this data. So lets just disregard the previous statements above and go with the theory was P&G was concerned about the public opinion if they were aware this email activity was occurring under their roof and nothing was done about it. Based on how the plant handled other issues, that were getting out of hand, will tell a lot about what their priorities are. Two instances come to mind, the first being pedestrian safety. It seems there was a growing epidemic of employees not adhering to pedestrian/forktruck safety rules, such as not stopping at stop signs. The problem was out of control. Did they start monitoring pedestrian/forktruck interscections and fire anyone who broke the rule? No, they issued a warning. They let everyone know this behavior is not acceptable and told everyone that people would be montoring interscections for such behaviors and each would be confronted and proper disciplinary actions would be taken up to and including termination. How bout that? A warning! And it worked! It was amazing to see the obvious change in peoples approach to stop signs! The second instance concerned an epidemic of non-compliance for hearing protection, and it went pretty much the same, in other words they didn't fire people first and issue a warning later, no! again everyone got the heads up first. So lets think about this. Everyone already knew what the rules were concerning pedestrian and hearing safety, and yet when a widespread problem became evident, employees were given a chance to change their behaviors. HMMMM! Why wasn't the same protocol followed for the email issue? Which Epidemic would cry out for a more powerful message to employees? Which instance should we use the method(FIRING)that would scare them worse than a warning? Surely it wouldn't be the one of safety and perhaps life safing consequences.......no lets protect our reputation though, no time to screw around with warnings there, right. I mean these people are sharing jokes through their email! On the other hand if we don't handle this safety issue intensely enough people may get hurt, possibly killed. But hey, this is a fast paced manufacturing facility, those things happen. The public understands how these things can happen in these types of environments and they'll continue to buy our products. So in all cases the expectation was known, when it concerned safety and employees well being a warning was issued before action was taken. But when the company email was being harmed, no warning, no time to hesitate, act now, no warning. Report What$ the difference U C,  9 October 2009 kl. 14:04 Dear Model Employee, So I'm sitting here reading all of these comments, including yours, realizing that in this forum their is no accountability, it faceless. I mean, you could claim to be the President if you so desired. Then I'm thinking, Does this person even know any of the people that were fired? Seriously, have they ever worked along side of them and really appreciated some of their contributions to the company? Do you know each and everyone of them? Do you know the stories of their P&G lives other than the stupid fatal mistakes? So then it hits me! Lets break down the cyber wall between us! Just let me know through this very platform and I could gather our group just for you. We could compare notes about our various careers at P&G and elsewhere. I am being sincere about this, maybe we could all learn something from this. We could understand where you're coming from and you could learn where we're coming from. Think about it, THANKS. Report give us a chance,  9 October 2009 kl. 11:59 I find this Model Employee hilarious as I'm sure most fellow employees do! Hey Model Employee, how do you know these people were looking at this stuff for hours of company time? Did you see it? Did you tell them to stop it? Did you report it? Did you express to anyone that it offended you? Did you laugh at it along with the others? Seems like a "Model Employee" would have done something! Maybe you did! Maybe it was you who got the ball rolling! Maybe thats how you know how much time was being spent with this stuff! Maybe you gained access to the records, not neccessarily all of the records, just enough to make some noise! You didn't want to truly get all offenders, because it was more about your "Awesomeness" than about the issue! Seeing it as an opportunity to promote yourself on the mistakes of others! Report curious,  9 October 2009 kl. 11:25 More often than not, people who consider themselves "Model Employees" usually aren't viewed in that light by their fellow employees. Someone calling themselves "Model" would be the first disqualifying sign to a "True" "Model Employee". A "True Model Employee" is that person quietly doing their job to the best of ones ability, helping other along the way and not looking for any accolades along the way, as a matter of fact they usually shy away from the spotlight and downplay their roles. Its been my personal experience, with people willing to tag themselves as "Model" or some similar descriptor, that they were the types of employee that others had no respect for. Often doing anything to get ahead and more often than not by tooting their own horn, taking credit for things they didn't really have much of a hand in, pointing their finger at others mistakes and maybe even using other employees mistakes to make themselves look better. If this person is in a leadership position they would love the opportunity to work a performance issue to include an upper disciplinary step or termination so that they can show their superiors their toughness. Some people progress on their own hard work, skill and dedication, while others progress as parasites, trying to make themselves look better by pointing out others downfalls. Self-Proclaimed "Model Employees" are usually "Brown-nosing Cut-Throats". Report just sayin,  9 October 2009 kl. 11:08 Hey Model Employee I still work there, and I was not involved in any of the e-mail violatons. My issue, and that of many others is the way in which it was handled. The plant leadership has lost what little respect I and many others had for them. Hungout2dry is correct. A Union would have made a difference. The outcome would have been much different. Unless everybody involved were given the same punishment, the individuals would have not been terminated. Management made hints that if the plant was organized, we would loose volume & risk the plant closing. THAT IS ILLEGAL !! Managers were telling some brainwashed leadership technicians to remove any Union materials from breakrooms. People have the right to read what they want. We were told that we could never be the low cost producer with a union in place. Well, How does the Green Bay plant do it then? They have a Union, and they are the low cost producer??? Go figure. We asked that question during one of our info/anti union BS meetings. "I'll get back to you on that" we were told, but it never happened. I say let the union knock on the door now. P&G has shown the workforce their true colors. At least the dues you pay are worth the piece of mind that you will be represented by somebody who isn't afraid to stand up for the prople, who are suppose to be our most important asset! Report ya, I work there..,,  8 October 2009 kl. 20:06 hmmm. Model employee.....according to you! Or at least according to you out loud, if you are honest with yourself without having to admit it to anyone, I'm sure you could think of something, if not then I bow to you almighty one! I'm sure there is at least one thing you do that is against company policy, or maybe you don't even realize the thing you're doing is against policy and is an offense that can get you fired because it has become such a part of everyones routine, but you sound like the kind of person that would be blind to their own faults or just won't admit to them, evidenced by your self-righteous user name. Unlike you we admit to our faults, that is not the issue, the issue is fair and equal treatment of employees. How would you like it if P&G Mehoopany decided to take 80 employees, you being one of them, and monitor their actions the whole shift for a couple weeks. Taking notes on everything they do to include how many times they take an extended break, or maybe have a non-buisiness related conversation outside of breaktime, or how many pencil,pens, tablets,etc. you take home with you, or how many jokes you tell or laugh at, or how many times you don't really stop properly at stop signs, or how often you talk on your cell phone while walking or on the operating floor, or how many time you don't wear your earplugs(PROPERLY)when you should, or how many times you don't use your gloves or other PPE when you should, or how many times you leave documents or your computer unsecure, or how many personal phone calls you make, or how many off color comments you make about coworkers, or how many times you use vulgarity, or how many times you pencil whip or slightly falsify documents, or how many times you speed in the parking lot, etc. So then lets say they fire you for not quite coming to a complete stop at a stop sign in 3 instances. Now you know you see this happen all the time and protest to this fact. They say "this may be true but we were just observing you and 79 others. You say " but some of those 79 others have done this too" They say "yes and 28 others will be fired along with you, some others will not because they only did it 2 times, which makes them much safer employees than you and worth keeping, but you are not worth keeping" You may even say "yeah, but all 3 times I did it, Joan Doe was with me and she didn't stop either" And of course they say "we weren't looking at her". " We only fired you because we care about the safety of our employees" You: "but if its the safety of employees, don't those people that didn't stop twice still pose a safety risk?" P&G: "Ah, but they won't do it anymore because we put some of them on steps" You: "You know, I've never been on steps before, I've been in leadership positions and have been an excellent employee for over 20 years, But if you put me on steps and let me keep my job, I won't ever do it again either" P&G: "BYE-BYE and don't try to collect while your trying to put your life back together, we'll fight you on it." Oh, and "Model Employee", I spent very, very little time going over my e-mail which did usually include some e-mailed jokes from some of my friends, which I sometimes forwarded to a small distribution list containing close friends at P&G. Then it was back to work at a job that sometimes made it neccessary to miss a break occasionally. Don't get me wrong, it is my opinion that overall this was a very good job, sometimes very hectic and stressful, but good, not complaining. But I just want to let it be known that not all of the people that got fired were disgusting employees spending hours of company time on the computer and that a lot of people that are disgusting and are spending hours of company time on the computer are still employed a P&G, some probably not even on steps!! I can't honestly say whether or not you are a "Model Employee", but I have to admit when it comes to Emails you and probably many others were "Smarter Employees". I considered myself one of these for many many years, and allowed myself to get lulled into the stupid side. But there were hundreds of others, and some of the worst are probably still working there because of the methods they used to work the issue. Forgive me for being passionate about this and for rambling, but I feel like a guy walking out of a bank after sticking a bank pen in my pocket and then getting shot along with a few bank robbers, while yet some of the other bank robbers are dividing up the cash in the alley. Report Human Employee,  8 October 2009 kl. 10:58 12345Next » 149 Penn Ave. Scranton, PA 18503 1-800-228-4637 CONTACT US Copyright ©2017 The Scranton Times-Tribune PRIVACY POLICY | OPINION POSTING POLICY | ABOUT OUR ADS | Questions or comments? CONTACT US SUBSCRIBE HOME DELIVERY DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTIONS NEWSLETTERS ALERTS NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS LIFESTYLES BUSINESS OPINION CONTACT JOBS CLASSIFIEDS MARKETPLACE PLACE AN AD FIND SCRANTON JOBS Facebook Twitter      
About Us Our People Advertising News Sports Shows Weather Outdoors Significant progress made at Procter & Gamble site Share Article By MetroNews Staff in News | April 12, 2017 at 3:43PM MARTINSBURG, W.Va. — A December deadline is looming large for Procter & Gamble’s manufacturing plant in Martinsburg and officials said Wednesday construction crews are working double shifts to make it happen. Officials from P&G conducted tours for members of the media and some government representatives to give an update on progress at the Tabler Station site. So far, the first building, which could produce Bounce Fabric Enhancer products beginning in December, has its steel beams up and is under roof. The first piece of manufacturing equipment is set to arrive Monday. A second building, set to begin construction on Friday, will house the plant’s packaging operations. Construction officials say crews are working two shifts a day, including Saturdays and Sundays, to meet the end-of-the-year goal for the Bounce products building. Site work began in October of 2015. Residents have been able to catch fleeting glimpses of the site improvements between huge mounds of dirt that obscure the site from passing motorists on I-81. Construction managers say those mounds will become permanent fixtures at the property and that they are themselves engineered to be structurally sound. Blasting at the site has become a near-daily occurrence, with state and local police creating rolling traffic blocks on the interstate near the property. Construction Manager Guy Green says heavy blasting will continue for a couple of months, with minor blasting continuing for the next year and a half. Chief Site Construction Manager Luis Gutierrez has been with the company for decades and has traveled around the world to oversee plant construction. He said he has been at the local site for 16 months and will be here until the close of the project: “Since we’ve moved a little over six million cubic yards of earth, it’s like having a baby; when you see a building popping up here, it’s exciting,” Gutierrez said. Construction is set to hit a peak season in July and August when subcontractor Fluor may have as many as 1,500 construction workers on site. Gutierrez said as of this week, the site has been host to a half a million safe ‘man hours’ with no recordable incidents. He said safety is a huge priority for the plant, even in the construction phase. According to Gutierrez, they’ve been making an effort to hire local subcontracting companies from West Virginia and Maryland as well as some regional and East Coast companies to handle blasting and pipe laying. He says bringing on local teams bring efficiency and reliability. As for filling in those manufacturing jobs, Procter & Gamble is not wasting any time on that front either. Site Human Resources Leader Keith Busby said he’s hired 58 technicians so far and needs upwards of 130 to round out the calendar year. He said those who were hired at the standard $16 an hour rate last September have already had their first pay increase up to $17 dollars an hour. Busby said P&G has a corporate policy of promoting from within, so it’s a good place to start for folks who want to grow with a company. “Every single person that comes in at entry-level, at that $16 an hour, and their backgrounds and skills and experiences can help them advance at different paces through the progression and promotion process,” he said. Busby touted the company’s relationship with Blue Ridge Community and Technical College, which could become a company-wide training site in the future. The company may have as many as 700 employees working at the Martinsburg plant by the time it becomes fully operational in 2019. Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) MetroNews Staff staff@wvmetronews.com @wvmetronews WVMetroNews We are West Virginia's only news, talk and sports network providing you the ability to reach all of West Virginia through a single source. Use a Facebook account to add a comment, subject to Facebook's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Comments Most Popular Sources: Governor pitched Pruett to supplant Holliday Eagles lose eaglets at NCTC Brendan Ferns 'starting to let loose' on rehabbed knee Justice to make budget announcement Thursday Reaction continues from both sides on home-schooled athletes bill West Virginia's Kyzir White primed for breakout in Year 2 © 2017 West Virginia MetroNews Network 1111 Virginia Street East, Charleston, WV 25301 Powered by Advertise with Us Contact Careers EEO Affiliates Intranet Privacy Policy Subscribe to Email Alerts Mobile Site Latest Newscasts News | Sports Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 April 2017 by Military News P&G Announces Appointment of Director CINCINNATI–(BUSINESS WIRE)–The Board of Directors of The Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE: PG) appointed Amy L. Chang, founder and Chief Executive Officer of Accompany, Inc., as a Director of the Company. The appointment is effective June 1, 2017. Ms. Chang will serve on the Audit and Innovation & Technology Committees. Ms. Chang is the founder and Chief Executive Officer of Accompany, Inc., a relationship intelligence company. Accompany.com delivers customized insights on people and companies based on a proprietary data platform. Prior to Accompany, Amy led Google Analytics for seven years, most recently as Global Head of Product, Google Ads Measurement and Reporting. Her vision and strategic direction led the division to unprecedented growth. „We are delighted to welcome Amy Chang to P&G’s Board of Directors,” said David Taylor, P&G’s Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer. “Her exceptional knowledge of digital industry trends and data analytics, combined with her deep business experience in top technology companies, will be of tremendous benefit to the Company.” Prior to joining Google, Ms. Chang held product management and strategy positions at eBay Inc. and served as a consultant with McKinsey & Company, specializing in semiconductors, software and services. She is currently a member of the board of directors of Cisco Systems, Splunk and Accompany, and holds a B.S. and an M.S. in Electrical Engineering from Stanford University. About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Aerie Pharmaceuticals Reports Positive Rocket 4 Six-Month Topline Safety and Efficacy Results for RhopressaTM (netarsudil ophthalmic solution) 0.02% Next PostNext Cynthia Stuckey Joins Korn Ferry as Senior Client Partner Search Recent Posts City of Temple Offices Closed on Friday, April 14 Healthcare Asset Management Market Trends and Opportunities by types and Application in Grooming Regions; Edition 2017-2021 Hospital-Acquired Diseases Testing Devices Industry Outlook in Europe Fruit & Vegetable Ingredients Market Global Potential Growth, Share, Demand and Analysis of Key Players- Research Forecasts to 2021 Global Water and Waste Water Treatment Market, Analysis & Forecast: 2016 to 2022 (Focus on Chemicals and Equipment used across Municipal and Industrial Applications) Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
P&G Announces Appointment of Director Amy L. Chang Appointed to Board of Directors Effective June 1, 2017 Amy L. Chang (Photo: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Amy L. Chang (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail April 12, 2017 04:01 PM Eastern Daylight Time CINCINNATI--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The Board of Directors of The Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE: PG) appointed Amy L. Chang, founder and Chief Executive Officer of Accompany, Inc., as a Director of the Company. The appointment is effective June 1, 2017. Ms. Chang will serve on the Audit and Innovation & Technology Committees. Ms. Chang is the founder and Chief Executive Officer of Accompany, Inc., a relationship intelligence company. Accompany.com delivers customized insights on people and companies based on a proprietary data platform. Prior to Accompany, Amy led Google Analytics for seven years, most recently as Global Head of Product, Google Ads Measurement and Reporting. Her vision and strategic direction led the division to unprecedented growth. "We are delighted to welcome Amy Chang to P&G’s Board of Directors,” said David Taylor, P&G’s Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer. “Her exceptional knowledge of digital industry trends and data analytics, combined with her deep business experience in top technology companies, will be of tremendous benefit to the Company.” Prior to joining Google, Ms. Chang held product management and strategy positions at eBay Inc. and served as a consultant with McKinsey & Company, specializing in semiconductors, software and services. She is currently a member of the board of directors of Cisco Systems, Splunk and Accompany, and holds a B.S. and an M.S. in Electrical Engineering from Stanford University. About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. Contacts P&G Media Contacts: Damon Jones, 513-983-0190 Jennifer Corso, 513-983-2570 or P&G Investor Relations Contact: John Chevalier, 513-983-9974 Contacts P&G Media Contacts: Damon Jones, 513-983-0190 Jennifer Corso, 513-983-2570 or P&G Investor Relations Contact: John Chevalier, 513-983-9974 Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Follow @triplepundit 47.8k Triple Pundit: People, Planet, Profit Menu Special Series Progress to 2020: Tackling resource use from all angles In this series we’ll take a fresh look at resources and how they are used. We’ll go beyond natural resources like air and water to look at how efficiency in raw materials can boost the bottom line and help the environment. We’ll also examine the circular economy and design for reuse — with an eye toward honoring those resources we do have. Sponsored by Sealed Air Your Corporate Guide to Responsible Waste Management In this editorial series in partnership with Covanta Environmental Solutions, we’ll explore steps your company can take to edge closer to zero waste targets. Sponsored by Covanta Sustainability at Home and Beyond While changes at home can’t solve the many environmental crises we face today, they can sure help. Through this series, we’ll explore how initiatives like curbside compost pick-up, rebates on compost bins, and efficient appliances can help families reduce their impact without breaking the bank. Sponsored by Whirlpool Corporation Social Impacts in Apparel Despite decades -- centuries even -- of global efforts, slavery can still be found not just on the high seas, but around the world and throughout various supply chains. Through this series on forced labor, sponsored by C&A Foundation, we’ll explore many different types of bonded and forced labor and highlight industries where this practice is alive and well today. Sponsored by C&A Foundation Black Lives Matter and Beyond In this series we examine how companies should respond to national controversy like police violence and the BLM movement to best support employees and how can companies work to improve equality by increasing diversity in their ranks directly. Sponsored by Symantec Are Americans Getting Healthier? Advances in medical science and healthcare mean Americans are living longer than ever. But lifestyle choices can hold us back. We'll take a look at whole health and how we can continue to improve. Sponsored by CVS Health Close Events Sustainable Brands 2017: Detroit (3p Discount code: NWMP3pSB17det) Sustainable Brands is the largest peer community of global business leaders committed to brand value creation through sustainability-led innovation. SB’17 Detroit brings brand leaders together to ‘Redefine the Good Life’. Please use 3p discount code NWMP3pSB17det. [REGISTER HERE] May 22-25: Detroit Sustainatopia (3p discount code “TP15”) Both a conference and a broad-ranging festival, SUSTAINATOPIA brings together the global ecosystem of social, financial and environmental sustainability & impact. [REGISTER HERE] Us code TP15 for 15% off May 7-10: San Francisco Conscious Company Global Leadership Forum This forum is about the experience — an intimate, curated group of leaders discussing what matters most to each of their journeys, their companies, and the greater good of the world. [REGISTER HERE] June 7-9: San Francisco Green Sports Alliance Summit 2017 "PLAY GREENER: Engaging Fans, Athletes & Communities", focused on mobilizing members and partners to bring about positive environmental and social impact across their fan-base and surrounding communities. [REGISTER HERE] June 27-29: Sacramento GRI Certified Training for Sustainability Reporting +CDP! Learn how to use the new GRI Standards including how to manage the reporting process, assess an organization’s significant impacts, select report topics and performance measures, and follow best practices for developing top-quality sustainability reports. [REGISTER HERE] May 17-19: New York Companies vs Climate Change: Europe and USA Events. An event series whose mission it is to bring together companies from around the world to discuss climate change and how they can work together to address it most impactfully. Now building sponsorship and registration. [INFO HERE] Oct & Dec: Brussels & Miami Close 3p Podium Media Kit P&G and Microsoft Demonstrate How to Move Beyond Recycling by Gina-Marie Cheeseman on Wednesday, Apr 12th, 2017 Corporate Responsibility Share Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Microsoft overcame plateaus to achieve gold-level zero waste certification at its corporate campus in Redmond, Washington. Did a waste audit reveal your company’s recycling program isn’t exactly where you want it to be? Don’t be discouraged. Most companies hit pitfalls along the way, but those that stick with it can emerge as industry leaders. Take Procter and Gamble (P&G) and Microsoft, for example, which lead the consumer packaged goods and electronics industries in recycling. Procter and Gamble (P&G) set a goal to send zero manufacturing waste to landfill by 2020. So far, 56 percent of its global production sites send zero manufacturing waste to local landfills. Although it has less than three years left, the company is optimistic it can meet its 2020 goal — an achievement P&G says will keep about 65,000 metric tons of waste out of landfills. That is equivalent to the weight of almost 350,000 mid-sized cars. Manufacturing waste makes up about 95 percent of the waste P&G produces, with the remainder coming from its offices and tech center programs. The company works toward its 2020 goal by looking at waste through a new lens. As it states on its website: “The key is to not see anything as trash, but material with potential use.” Part of a successful recycling program is to reuse waste whenever possible. P&G offers a number of examples of reusing waste across its supply chain, including in Hungary where employees collect production scraps and send them to a local cement company that incinerates them to make energy for bricks. “We made a strategic decision in the late 1980s to ensure our packaging could be recovered, recycled and reused in our new packages,” Virginie Helias, global VP of sustainability for P&G, told TriplePundit. “We solicited help from multiple partners, built new supply chains and, most importantly, committed to using post-consumer recycled plastic in our bottles.” How a partnership can help a company Sometimes a company needs to partner with key recycling industry leaders to overcome plateaus and achieve their goals. P&G recently partnered with TerraCycle and SUEZ to produce a shampoo bottle made from up to 25 percent recycled beach plastic. The bottle of Head and Shoulders shampoo will debut this summer in French retailer Carrefour. And the rollout will eventually represent the world’s largest production of recyclable bottles made with post-consumer recycled beach plastic. The idea for the shampoo bottle came about a year ago at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, when the Ellen MacArthur Foundation challenged P&G to “drive greater recovery and reuse of plastics,” Helias told us. P&G felt Head and Shoulders, the “the leading shampoo brand in sales,” should be the label to “lead in sustainability innovation,” Helias said.  The bottle is the “first major step in establishing a unique supply chain, strengthening the circular economy both in the [consumer packaged goods] industry and beyond for the significant amount of plastic waste in our ecosystem,” Helias explained. P&G’s partnership with TerraCycle and SUEZ “brought about the largest solution to ocean plastic to date in terms of volume and percentage used in the package,” Tom Szaky, CEO and founder, TerraCycle told TriplePundit. The “problem of ocean plastic is immense,” Szaky explained. Over 25 percent of global plastic waste winds up in marine systems. “Only with a project that provide business value will we be able to clean up the plastic clogging our beaches, rivers, inlets and other waterways,” he said. P&G will also include up to 25 percent post-consumer plastic in over half a billion bottles in Europe by the end of 2018. That will represent over 90 percent of all P&G’s hair care bottles sold in Europe. P&G has used recycled plastic in its packaging for over 25 years — and it used 34,100 metric tons in 2016. Helias said the company “committed” to using post-consumer recycled material and helping to “build a marketplace by providing consistent end markets.” A good recycling program gets employees involved Businesses will recycle “much more of their waste if employees are on board with recycling initiatives,” according to a report from John’s Refuse and Recycling, a recycling facility in Connecticut. That’s something Microsoft knows all about. Its Redmond, Washington, dining facilities divert 99 percent of their waste from landfill — thanks in part to its use of compostable tableware and employees disposing of their waste properly. “Microsoft started nine years ago using compostable products and went to fully compostable dining ware in July 2008,” Mohan Reddy Guttapalem, Microsoft senior facilities manager, told TriplePundit. Microsoft’s Redmond campus achieved gold-level zero waste certification from the U.S. Zero Waste Business Council. The company managed to divert at least 90 percent of its food, office and construction waste from landfills. And employee-driven reuse, recycling and composting programs helped the company reach its milestone.  Coping with plateaus and challenges “Plateaus are part of every program,” Guttapalem said. The key is to take them in stride and prevent them from negatively impacting a program. Microsoft stays on track by setting targets that overshoot its goals. “This allows us a bit of a buffer for those times when plateaus occur,” he explained. Microsoft also likes to conduct complete audits frequently, including periodically auditing waste streams and an annual audit of its waste-hauling vendor, Guttapalem said. The company then tailors its “outreach programs to the employees based on the results.”  Having a clear vision is part of keeping a recycling program steady. P&G’s vision is “toward 100 percent” zero manufacturing waste to landfill, so until that goal is achieved, “our work will continue,” Helias said. To achieve its goal, Helias said the company is willing to “remain engaged, working tirelessly to reach our vision, and collaborate with like-minded partners to achieve our vision.” She acknowledges that achieving such a goal is “not an easy task,” but she said P&G is “a long-term player” as its decades of recycling efforts show. “Consumers want to recycle, and we see our role to provide sustainable choices as a necessity,” Helias said. “With this clear vision and resolve, we work tirelessly to break down barriers and strive to achieve our vision.” Image credit: Stephen Brashear/Getty Images for Microsoft (press use only) Gina-Marie is a freelance writer and journalist armed with a degree in journalism, and a passion for social justice, including the environment and sustainability. She writes for various websites, and has made the 75+ Environmentalists to Follow list by Mashable.com. Follow Gina-Marie Cheeseman @gmcheeseman Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Register here if you need an account. More in this Series P&G and Microsoft Demonstrate How to Move Beyond Recycling The Journey To Corporate Zero-Waste-To-Landfill First Steps for Corporate Zero Waste About This SeriesSo, your company wants to reduce its landfill waste. Now what? As sustainability reaches top of mind for investors and customers, more companies are beginning to tackle waste in their supply chains in order to boost their green cred. Once you get past recycling, the options can get quite confusing! While zero waste is an admirable target that surely makes headlines, there are plenty of actions you can take to make a big impact all along the waste diversion spectrum. In this editorial series in partnership with Covanta Environmental Solutions, we’ll explore steps your company can take to edge closer to zero waste targets. We’ll unpack all the tools in your toolbox -- from source reduction and recycling to cleantech solutions like wastewater treatment -- explain what they are and how they work, and teach you to use them in the best way possible. Follow Triple Pundit Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Search terms Search WORK WITH US About 3p Advertise with us Contact us Newsletter Sponsored content policy Write for us Privacy policy Legal Sitemap MEET OUR TEAM Founder: Nick Aster Ed in Chief: Jen Boynton Editor: Mary Mazzoni Social Media: Marissa Rosen Partnerships: Travis Noland TriplePundit is a Certified B Corp. Offsets Provided by ClimateCare. Use our carbon calculator here. TriplePundit's office is at Impact HUB San Francisco. All content © 2009-2017 Triple Pundit Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Barron's Cover Where to Find Yield We rank the best—and worst—places for income in a rising-rate world. European dividend stocks and utilities look attractive. MLPs, not so much. By Andrew Bary Biography January 2, 2017 Income-oriented investors have plenty of choices going into 2017, following the selloff in the bond market and rate-sensitive areas of the stock market during the second half of 2016. Table: Yield Plays for 2017 There now are yields of 3% to 7% on a range of stocks and bonds, including European equities, electric utilities, real estate... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Here’s One Less Reason to Pay for Apple Music Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Under Armour Is on the Wrong End of This Trend Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Incyte: Why This Biotech Beauty Can Stay Hot Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Momentum Favors Value Stocks Over Growth Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. What’s With Amazon’s Grocery Obsession? Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Spring Cleaning for Your Finances 2 Inflation Is Rising. How to Invest? 3 Bitcoin After Eight Years: More Virtual Than Real? Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 April 2017 by Military News Global Car Air Fresheners Market Drivers, Trends and Opportunities Forecasts from 2017 to 2022 PR Agency: WISE GUY RESEARCH CONSULTANTS PVT. LTD. Car Air Fresheners Market Executive Summary Car Air Fresheners Market :- WiseGuyReports.com adds “Animal Hospitals Market 2017 Global Analysis, Growth, Trends and Opportunities Research Report Forecasting to 2022”reports to its database. WiseGuyReports.Com Publish a New Market Research Report On – Request a Sample Report @ www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1180959-global-car-… In this report, the global Car Air Fresheners market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Car Air Fresheners in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Global Car Air Fresheners market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Procter & Gamble SC Johnson Reckitt Benckiser Henkel Church & Dwight California Scents ST Corporation Scott’s Liquid Gold Amway Kobayashi Liby Houdy Farcent Jiali Ludao Mengjiaolan On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Electric Air Freshener Evaporative Air Freshener Spray Air Freshener On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Car Air Fresheners for each application, including Commercial Vehicles Passenger Vehicles If you have any special requirements, please let us know and we will offer you the report as you want. Browse Full Report Details@ www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1180959-global-car-air-fre… Some Major Points from Table of Content: Table of Contents Global Car Air Fresheners Market Research Report 2017 1 Car Air Fresheners Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Car Air Fresheners 1.2 Car Air Fresheners Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Car Air Fresheners Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Car Air Fresheners Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Electric Air Freshener 1.2.4 Evaporative Air Freshener 1.2.5 Spray Air Freshener 1.3 Global Car Air Fresheners Segment by Application 1.3.1 Car Air Fresheners Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Commercial Vehicles 1.3.3 Passenger Vehicles 1.4 Global Car Air Fresheners Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Car Air Fresheners Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Car Air Fresheners (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Car Air Fresheners Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Car Air Fresheners Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 2 Global Car Air Fresheners Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1 Global Car Air Fresheners Capacity, Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.1 Global Car Air Fresheners Capacity and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.2 Global Car Air Fresheners Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.2 Global Car Air Fresheners Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.3 Global Car Air Fresheners Average Price by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.4 Manufacturers Car Air Fresheners Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area and Product Type 2.5 Car Air Fresheners Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 Car Air Fresheners Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 Car Air Fresheners Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion 3 Global Car Air Fresheners Capacity, Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2012-2017) 3.1 Global Car Air Fresheners Capacity and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.2 Global Car Air Fresheners Production and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.3 Global Car Air Fresheners Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.4 Global Car Air Fresheners Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.5 North America Car Air Fresheners Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.6 Europe Car Air Fresheners Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.7 China Car Air Fresheners Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.8 Japan Car Air Fresheners Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.9 Southeast Asia Car Air Fresheners Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.10 India Car Air Fresheners Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) … 5 Global Car Air Fresheners Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type 5.1 Global Car Air Fresheners Production and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.2 Global Car Air Fresheners Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.3 Global Car Air Fresheners Price by Type (2012-2017) 5.4 Global Car Air Fresheners Production Growth by Type (2012-2017) 6 Global Car Air Fresheners Market Analysis by Application 6.1 Global Car Air Fresheners Consumption and Market Share by Application (2012-2017) 6.2 Global Car Air Fresheners Consumption Growth Rate by Application (2012-2017) 6.3 Market Drivers and Opportunities 6.3.1 Potential Applications 6.3.2 Emerging Markets/Countries Purchase a Copy of This Report @ www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&rep… …CONTINUED More about WiseGuyReports: Contact Us: NORAH TRENT Partner Relations & Marketing Manager sales@wiseguyreports.com www.wiseguyreports.com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports features an exhaustive list of market research reports from hundreds of publishers worldwide. We boast a database spanning virtually every market category and an even more comprehensive collection of market research reports under these categories and sub-categories. WISE GUY RESEARCH CONSULTANTS PVT LTD Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar Pune – 411028 Maharashtra, India This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Economy, Finances, Banking & Insurance Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Automotive Tie Rod Market Supply and demand 2024 Next PostNext Ubiquinone Market Global Potential Growth, Share, Demand and Analysis of Key Players- Research Forecasts to 2021 Search Recent Posts Ubiquinone Market Global Potential Growth, Share, Demand and Analysis of Key Players- Research Forecasts to 2021 Global Car Air Fresheners Market Drivers, Trends and Opportunities Forecasts from 2017 to 2022 Automotive Tie Rod Market Supply and demand 2024 Former Kokomo Superfund site now home to new solar farm Automotive Climate Control Market Technological breakthroughs 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 April 2017 by Military News Baby Personal Care Products Global Market Segmentation, Growth Drivers , Challenges, Key Players, Scope, Context and Forecast 2022 NY, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/12/2017 — In this report, the global Baby Personal Care Products market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Baby Personal Care Products in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1180945-global-baby-personal-care-products-market-research-report-2017 Global Baby Personal Care Products market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Procter & Gamble Unilever Johnson & Johnson Avon L’Oreal Kimberly-Clark Beiersdorf Bonpoint Burt’s Bees Marks & Spencer Nivea Asda Group Oral B Laboratories Alliance Boots On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Hair Care Products Skin Care Products Toiletries Fragrances Convenience Products Others On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Baby Personal Care Products for each application, including Supermarkets Convenience Stores Exclusive Shops Online Stores Access Complete Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1180945-global-baby-personal-care-products-market-research-report-2017 If you have any special requirements, please let us know and we will offer you the report as you want. Table of Contents Global Baby Personal Care Products Market Research Report 2017 1 Baby Personal Care Products Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Baby Personal Care Products 1.2 Baby Personal Care Products Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Baby Personal Care Products Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Baby Personal Care Products Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Hair Care Products 1.2.4 Skin Care Products 1.2.5 Toiletries 1.2.6 Fragrances 1.2.7 Convenience Products 1.2.8 Others 1.3 Global Baby Personal Care Products Segment by Application 1.3.1 Baby Personal Care Products Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Supermarkets 1.3.3 Convenience Stores 1.3.4 Exclusive Shops 1.3.5 Online Stores 1.4 Global Baby Personal Care Products Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Baby Personal Care Products Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Baby Personal Care Products (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Baby Personal Care Products Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Baby Personal Care Products Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 2 Global Baby Personal Care Products Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1 Global Baby Personal Care Products Capacity, Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.1 Global Baby Personal Care Products Capacity and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.2 Global Baby Personal Care Products Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.2 Global Baby Personal Care Products Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.3 Global Baby Personal Care Products Average Price by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.4 Manufacturers Baby Personal Care Products Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area and Product Type 2.5 Baby Personal Care Products Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 Baby Personal Care Products Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 Baby Personal Care Products Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion 3 Global Baby Personal Care Products Capacity, Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2012-2017) 3.1 Global Baby Personal Care Products Capacity and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.2 Global Baby Personal Care Products Production and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.3 Global Baby Personal Care Products Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.4 Global Baby Personal Care Products Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.5 North America Baby Personal Care Products Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.6 Europe Baby Personal Care Products Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.7 China Baby Personal Care Products Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.8 Japan Baby Personal Care Products Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.9 Southeast Asia Baby Personal Care Products Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.10 India Baby Personal Care Products Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 4 Global Baby Personal Care Products Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Region (2012-2017) 4.1 Global Baby Personal Care Products Consumption by Region (2012-2017) 4.2 North America Baby Personal Care Products Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.3 Europe Baby Personal Care Products Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.4 China Baby Personal Care Products Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.5 Japan Baby Personal Care Products Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.6 Southeast Asia Baby Personal Care Products Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.7 India Baby Personal Care Products Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 5 Global Baby Personal Care Products Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type 5.1 Global Baby Personal Care Products Production and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.2 Global Baby Personal Care Products Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.3 Global Baby Personal Care Products Price by Type (2012-2017) 5.4 Global Baby Personal Care Products Production Growth by Type (2012-2017) 6 Global Baby Personal Care Products Market Analysis by Application 6.1 Global Baby Personal Care Products Consumption and Market Share by Application (2012-2017) 6.2 Global Baby Personal Care Products Consumption Growth Rate by Application (2012-2017) 6.3 Market Drivers and Opportunities 6.3.1 Potential Applications 6.3.2 Emerging Markets/Countries ……Continued Purchase Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1180945 CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Recent Research Report on Global Smart Street Lighting Market 2017 Just Published Next PostNext Marketing Firm in Los Angeles Proves Their Creativity and Leadership in the Marketing Industry Search Recent Posts Governor LePage Announces Chief Legal Counsel Axalta Showcases Colorful, Durable Imron Elite Coatings at ExpoCam Catalytic Converter Market by Type (Three-way Catalytic Converter, Selective Catalytic Reduction, Diesel Oxidation Catalyst, and Lean NOx Trap), Material (Platinum, Palladium, Rhodium), Region, and Aftermarket by Region – Global Forecast to 2021 Hain Celestial Announces Rosetto Joint Venture QTS Enters Into $400 Million Floating To Fixed Interest Rate Swap Agreements Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
PBS NEWSHOUR WATCH politics Shields and Brooks Supreme Court Vote 2016 Politics Monday arts Art Beat Poetry Photo Essays nation Supreme Court Race Matters Essays Brief But Spectacular world Social Entrepreneurship economy Making Sen$e Social Security Ask the Headhunter Paul Solman science Science Wednesday Innovation and Invention Miles O’Brien health Long-Term Care education Teachers Teachers’ Lounge Student Reporting Labs teachers The Rundown TV SCHEDULE ABOUT US FEEDBACK PRESS SUBSCRIPTIONS PRIVACY JOB OPENINGS RECENT PROGRAMS POLITICS ARTS NATION WORLD ECONOMY SCIENCE HEALTH EDUCATION TEACHERS THE RUNDOWN SUBSCRIBE FOLLOW US Column: Why do so many American families feel so financially insecure? Jonathan Morduch FOLLOW Rachel Schneider FOLLOW EMAIL BY Jonathan Morduch and Rachel Schneider  April 12, 2017 at 4:12 PM EDT Why are so many Americans still feeling so financially insecure? Economists Jonathan Morduch and Rachel Schneider followed 235 low- and moderate-income households for a full year to understand why. File photo by Luke Sharrett/Bloomberg via Getty Images Editor’s Note: Would you prefer financial stability or economic mobility? The story of the American Dream in the United States has always been one about mobility. But in 2014, when the Pew Charitable Trusts asked this question to 7,000 Americans, 92 percent chose stability. Why is this happening, and why are so many Americans still feeling so financially insecure — almost eight years after the Great Recession? In the U.S. Financial Diaries study, economists Jonathan Morduch and Rachel Schneider followed 235 low- and moderate-income households for a full year to understand why. Their new book “The Financial Diaries: How American Families Cope in a World of Uncertainty,” presents their findings, revealing true American stories and identifying policy-based solutions. The following is an excerpt from their book, on sale April 11. — Kristen Doerer, Making Sen$e Editor The afternoon was perfect — 75 degrees and clear, not too hot and not too cold. But Becky Moore was complaining about the weather. This was the kind of weather she said was “killer” on her husband Jeremy’s paycheck. Jeremy, 38, worked full time as a mechanic, repairing long-haul trucks on the evening shift at a service center on the interstate north of their Ohio town, earning a commission for each truck he fixed. Their children were still at school when Jeremy — usually dressed in a pair of Levi’s, a western shirt and steel-toed boots — pulled his pickup out of the driveway to get to work by 2 pm. The children, and sometimes Becky, were fast asleep by the time Jeremy got back after midnight. “The Financial Diaries” Jeremy’s biggest paychecks came during the hot weeks of summer, when the tar bubbles on the roads and the pavement is too hot to walk on with bare feet. The heat burns out truck tires, and Jeremy spent most of his summer shifts patching them. Icy chills weaken batteries and alternators, and the winter months brought big paychecks too. But during the fall and spring, Jeremy’s take-home pay could be as low as $600 for two weeks of full-time work. The mechanics on the day shift kept busier, and Jeremy complained that there often wasn’t much left to do when he arrived at 2. Some mild-weather days, Jeremy had only one truck to work on during his entire eight-hour shift. For Becky, 34, the uncertainty of that weighed heavily, and it was only October. “I’m thinking that two weeks from now it will be crap,” she said, imagining Jeremy’s next paycheck. For Jeremy, having a full-time job did not mean having a steady income. Like many of their friends, and a third of Ohio adults, neither Jeremy nor Becky has more than a high school diploma. But finishing high school used to be enough to land a solid factory job in southwest Ohio, one that came with guaranteed pay, benefits and a pension. General Motors had built cars in Norwood, about an hour away, since 1923, and for decades Norwood proudly turned out Camaros and Firebirds, America’s muscle cars. When Jeremy was 12, though, GM shut the Norwood plant along with 10 others across the country, citing high costs and foreign competition. It’s now more than a decade since Procter and Gamble closed the local plants that made Tide detergent, Crisco shortening, Crest toothpaste, Secret deodorant and Head & Shoulders shampoo. This is not just an Ohio story. In August 1987, the month the last Camaro rolled off the Norwood line, about 18 percent of Americans nationwide worked in manufacturing. Since then, the percentage has been halved, as has the rate of union membership. Office jobs and clerical jobs have given way to automation too, part of America’s shift toward a service economy. Fixing trucks on commission means that Jeremy, and not just his employer, bears the risks of weather, slow days and business ups and downs. In the heat of July, Jeremy took home $3,400 after taxes—in March he took home about half that, $1,800. Now, October was threatening to be as bad as March. READ MORE: Why the Fed’s policy on interest rates is key to fighting poverty Becky stood at the kitchen table, dressed in jeans, a T-shirt and flip-flops, folding laundry in neat stacks as she talked. Her time was tight with Jeremy working the evening shift since she had to manage the household by herself. “It’s hard on me mentally because I’m doing the sports, meals, school. So I have to do everything. And,” Becky paused with a tight smile, “it’s hard on him.” While the kids were at school, Becky also volunteered at a local animal shelter and sometimes worked cleaning neighbors’ houses. Most of the family budgeting fell to her, and her large green wallet was stuffed with receipts. Given the uncertainties of Jeremy’s paychecks, Becky wasn’t sure whether to pay her mortgage yet. The payment was not due for three weeks, but Becky already had the money in hand. Still, she was wavering. “I want to make sure I have enough money on hand, and I don’t know what my husband will bring home this paycheck.” She started talking herself into writing the check: “I just want to get it done.” But then she decided to wait. Becky knew her bank account was almost empty. If she spent her remaining cash on the mortgage and Jeremy’s next paycheck turned out to be as small as she feared, she would have to borrow from her older sister to make ends meet. Becky had borrowed $200 from her not long before when Jeremy’s paycheck was short and they had needed gas for their minivan. “That right there was $75 alone,” she said. “I’m blessed with a sister with a guaranteed paycheck,” Becky boasted, with a look that betrayed some envy. Her sister is unmarried and can usually help when money is tight. Becky pays off the debt by cleaning and doing yardwork for her. Becky knows that many others have to turn to payday lenders and other loan companies whose business models depend on trapping customers in cycles of debt. “Oh Lord no,” she exclaimed when asked about those options. “I’ve seen so many people get in trouble.” The long arc The story often told about financial success in America is that slow and steady saving over a lifetime, combined with consistent hard work and a little luck, will ensure financial security, a comfortable retirement and better opportunities for one’s children. But that is not Becky and Jeremy Moore’s experience. The 2016 elections brought to the fore how frustrated so many Americans are about the fact that this is no longer, or never was, their experience either. Without basic economic stability, their choices are often difficult, and they’re forced to make them frequently. Short-term imperatives undermine long-term goals. The often-told story is rooted in a world in which the norm is to gain education, move to better jobs, reach peak income in middle age and then retire. Researchers call this basic arc the “life cycle,” and it captures the life stages for which teachers and financial educators try to prepare students. The idea underpins nearly all advice on managing wealth and how families should save and invest over time. It is the backbone of the life-cycle theory of saving, a framework so fundamental to economics that in 1985 the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economics was awarded to Franco Modigliani, the MIT professor who elaborated its consequences for families’ financial choices.  The advice to young families like that of Becky and Jeremy is to prepare for major life events early on: to start saving for a down payment on a house and to begin steadily saving for retirement. Later, as earnings rise, people should pay down their mortgages and set aside more for retirement. In this world, slow, steady, disciplined adherence to a budget and savings plan promises to conquer financial challenges. In the past 50 years, mastering the stages of the life cycle has become synonymous with being financially literate in America. And helping families achieve life-cycle goals drives hundreds of billions of dollars of government support for housing, education and retirement. Assuming that everyone can follow this trajectory is dangerous. Becky and Jeremy don’t have the luxury to focus much on long-term plans. Without basic economic stability, their choices are often difficult, and they’re forced to make them frequently. Short-term imperatives undermine long-term goals. Saving and borrowing need to be recalibrated with the spikes and dips of their income. The consequences of bad decisions can compound, and quickly. Stress and anxiety make it all harder. Seeing that, it’s hard not to question basic assumptions about financial literacy and what governments and businesses should be doing to serve working families. READ MORE: Poverty makes financial decisions harder. Behavioral economics can help Even if Becky and Jeremy were expert financial planners trained in the life-cycle model, they still would have found it nearly impossible to follow its prescriptions. In the past, Jeremy would contribute part of each paycheck to a 401(k) retirement plan, hoping he could keep it invested. Each time Jeremy switched jobs, however, he pulled all their money from the retirement plan, even though that meant extra taxes and penalties for early withdrawal. They simply needed the money sooner than at age 65. Becky and Jeremy are in a position that’s increasingly common in America. Why are so many families forced to make such costly — and some might say self-destructive — choices? Why do so many families feel so financially insecure? Jonathan Morduch Jonathan Morduch is Professor of Public Policy and Economics at the Wagner Graduate School of Public Service at New York University, as well as a founder and Executive Director of the NYU Financial Access Initiative. He is co-author of "The Financial Diaries: How American Families Cope in a World of Uncertainty." @JMorduch Rachel Schneider Rachel Schneider is senior vice president at the Center for Financial Services Innovation, an organization dedicated to improving the financial health of Americans. She is co-author of "The Financial Diaries: How American Families Cope in a World of Uncertainty." @RachelSchneider SHARE ON FACEBOOK SHARE ON TWITTER SHARE VIA TEXT american dream economic mobility Making Sen$e Making Sen$e Columnist middle class poverty working class PREVIOUS POST Brands treat us like the replicants in ‘Blade Runner’ Are you aware of our comment policy? PBS NewsHour allows open commenting for all registered users, and encourages discussion amongst you, our audience. However, if a commenter violates our terms of use or abuses the commenting forum, their comment may go into moderation or be removed entirely. We reserve the right to remove posts that do not follow these basic guidelines: comments must be relevant to the topic of the post; may not include profanity, personal attacks or hate speech; may not promote a business or raise money; may not be spam. Anything you post should be your own work. The PBS NewsHour reserves the right to read on the air and/or publish on its website or in any medium now known or unknown the comments or emails that we receive. By submitting comments, you agree to the PBS Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, which include more details. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. READ THIS NEXT Column: How government data is crucial for everyone's progress SUBSCRIBE FOLLOW US SUPPORT FOR PBS NEWSHOUR PROVIDED BY MAKING SEN$E Correspondent Paul Solman covers all things business and economics in these online exclusive reports. Bio SUBSCRIBE Receive MAKING SEN$E news blog in your inbox. SUBSCRIBE PODCAST: ITUNES | XML HEADLINE FEEDS: XML BROADCAST REPORTS The best ways to teach your little kids about money The odds of a second term? You can bet on all things Trump Why is job opportunity still lagging for people with disabilities? How the feeling of falling behind fuels deadly distress for white Americans ‘Deaths of despair’ are cutting life short for some white Americans How should companies navigate polarized politics in the Trump era? Are you hanging off a financial cliff? Here’s how to cope MOST READ MOST DISCUSSED 1 How Delta masters the game of overbooking flights 2 Read the letter the Charging Bull sculptor sent demanding the removal of Fearless Girl 3 F. Scott Fitzgerald's life was a study in destructive alcoholism 4 Column: Why do so many American families feel so financially insecure? 5 New York becomes first state to offer free four-year college tuition 1 Column: Why do so many American families feel so financially insecure? 2 How the housing crisis boxed in some job seekers 3 Column: How government data is crucial for everyone’s progress 4 The U.S. economy added a mere 98,000 jobs while the unemployment rate went down. How does that work? 5 Ask the Headhunter: Here's how to ask someone to be your job reference EDITOR'S PICKS Ask the Headhunter: Here’s how to ask someone to be your job reference How Delta masters the game of overbooking flights The U.S. economy added a mere 98,000 jobs while the unemployment rate went down. How does that work? Loading... WATCH FULL BROADCASTS LISTEN FULL AUDIO PODCASTS SUPPORT FOR PBS NEWSHOUR PROVIDED BY TOPICS RECENT PROGRAMS POLITICS ARTS NATION WORLD ECONOMY SCIENCE HEALTH EDUCATION TEACHERS TV LISTINGS ABOUT US PRESS FEEDBACK SUBSCRIPTIONS PRIVACY JOB OPENINGS © 1996 - 2017 NewsHour Productions LLC. All Rights Reserved. Support the kind of journalism done by the NewsHour... Become a member of your local PBS station.
null
blog news articles page Contact us FREE School Bullies FREE School Bullies blog What does scope mean in curriculum What does no scope mean? | Yahoo Answers Date: 2017-04-12 16:50 More videos «What does scope mean in curriculum» Scope | Define Scope at Scope And Sequence - Learn English Online, Teach English What is scope of work? definition and meaning Hospitals that are looking to buy an enterprise imaging system should consider integration with other systems and analytics. Scope | Define Scope at Economies of scope are important for any large business, and a firm can go about achieving such scope in a variety of ways. First, and most common, is the idea that this operational efficiency is gained through related diversification. This is a similar strategy to that of McDonalds and Proctor & Gamble. Kleenex, using another example, has achieved economies of scope through the diversification of its simple tissue paper. The company expanded its product line to service numerous, unrelated end users, such as consumers and hospitals, all of which required a unique type of paper product. Scope And Sequence - Learn English Online, Teach English New Azure monitoring tools add another layer of insights into workload performance on the public cloud as providers try to meet. What is scope of work? definition and meaning The PMBOK Guide describes the project scope as a work, which should be done to deliver a product or a result including quality standards. This means “content and scope” of the process in the product development. The content and scope management is used to carry out all specified project tasks that are necessary for the successful completion. The change control verifies, if the approved changes are correctly implemented. Scope is a project content and project result to be provided. The project scope is detailed described in the project structure plan. If there is any need for changes that deviats from the original scope in the course of the project , they will be adjusted in the scope management. The scope structure is a basis to define the process structure and organizational structure. EMM configurations can help safeguard the enterprise from attacks, but mobile threat detection tools take a different approach to. Merging with or acquiring another company is another a way to achieve economies of scope. Two regional retail chains, for example, may merge with each other to combine different product lines and reduce average warehouse costs. A must for anyone with an interest in the changing face of language. The Macmillan Dictionary blog explores English as it is spoken around the world today. Hyper-converged and converged systems continue to make their way into the data center. Test yourself on the current market, and. The documentation of a project's scope explains the boundaries of the project, establishes responsibilities for each team member and sets up procedures for how completed work will be verified and approved. The documentation may be referred to as a scope statement, statement of work ( SOW ) or terms of reference. During the project, this documentation helps the project team remain focused and on task. «What does scope mean in curriculum» in pictures. More images «What does scope mean in curriculum». Contact | RSS feed | sitemap.xml | News
Fast Company Newsletter Subscribe Technology Leadership Entertainment Ideas Video News FastCoDesignFastCoExistFastCoCreateFastCoStudiosCollections The Most Innovative Companies The top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more. Most Creative People Meet this year's inspiring leaders. Innovation By Design A showcase for ingenious design solutions. World Changing Ideas New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system. Out of Office With Industry leaders offer a glimpse of their lives outside of the office--and how these experiences have helped to get them where they are today. Creative Conversations Creative dialogue can reinvent your business, your brand, and your career. Join Fast Company on a multi-platform exploration of the art of conversation. Mind and Machine Computers are getting smart--very smart. Fast Company explains the complex and increasingly nfluential world of artificial intelligence and machine learning. Master Class How the top talent from creative fields get work done. Startup Report The up-and-coming companies that are disrupting industries. Innovation Agents Profiles of the high-level business leaders behind progressive, creative, and innovative organizations Tech Forecast A roundup of breaking tech news, products, and services featuring the most important takeaways.Current Issue Current IssueSUBSCRIBE Follow Fast CompanyWe Will Come To You 3 minute Read The Pope Opened A Free Laundromat For The Homeless In Rome The Pope Francis Laundry is one of a growing number of organizations around the world that are offering some dignity to people sleeping in shelters or on the streets. [Photo: Whirlpool Corporation EMEA] By Adele Peters04.12.17 | 1:30 pm At a new laundromat in the center of Rome, no one needs quarters. The Pope Francis Laundry–opened by the Pope himself–is a place where homeless people and others struggling with extreme poverty can wash and dry a load of laundry for free. The laundry is meant to “restore dignity to so many people who are our brothers and sisters,” Archbishop Konrad Krajewski said in a press release from the Vatican. “One of the greatest difficulties for those who live on the streets, along with that of finding food, a place to spend the night and public baths, is to wash and dry the clothes they wear, in many cases the only ones they own.” Inside a former hospital near the Vatican, run by the Rome-based Community of Sant’Egidio, the facility has six washers and six dryers donated by Whirpool, and a free supply of detergent from Procter & Gamble. A barbershop, showers, and health care facilities will be added on-site later. [Photo: Whirlpool Corporation EMEA]It might be the first laundromat opened by a pope, but it isn’t Pope Francis’s first effort to help the homeless. In 2014, for his 78th birthday, the pope handed out 400 sleeping bags, each emblazoned with the Vatican’s coat of arms, to homeless people in Rome. In 2015, he turned a space next to St. Peter’s Square into showers for the homeless and a barbershop that offers free haircuts and shaves on Mondays, and arranged for a homeless man to be buried in the Vatican. In 2016, at the canonization of Mother Teresa, the pope invited 1,500 homeless people to have seats of honor (and free pizza) at a luncheon. The new laundry is one of a handful of projects that try to address the challenge of clean clothes for homeless people. In the U.S., volunteers from an organization called Laundry Love partner with local laundromats to offer free services at certain hours to people in need. The project started after founders asked a homeless man what he needed, and he said, “If I had clean clothes I think people would treat me like a human being.” During a Laundry Love session, which typically lasts two to five hours, volunteers either pay for someone’s laundry or, in some cases, the laundromat offers the free use of a machine or two. Other laundromats donate the proceeds from particular machines to the nonprofit. While people wash and dry their clothes, volunteers get to know them, and also often offer services such as tutoring for children or assistance with a job search. “Dignity is built,” Laundry Love co-founder and national director Greg Russinger tells Fast Company. “Relationships are built…all you have is free time inside a laundromat.” (One of the organization’s supporters,  Los Angeles Episcopal Bishop Diane Jardine Bruce, says she shared the idea with Pope Francis, which may have been part of the inspiration for the new Roman laundry). In Australia, a nonprofit called Orange Sky Laundry engineered a washer and dryer that can fit in the back of a van. Volunteers drive the vans–now a fleet of 11–on streets in Brisbane, Melbourne, Sydney, and other Australian cities, offering homeless people free loads of laundry. Still, it’s a basic necessity that many people struggle to afford–and may be even more difficult to access for people who are on the verge of homelessness or not yet connected with other homeless services. In the 14 years that Laundry Love has operated, it has seen clear evidence of the need: to date, the program has helped nearly 750,000 people do a million loads of laundry. “We have a large constituency of people who are going through the wringer,” says Russinger. “They’ve lost jobs, they’ve lost houses, they’re in their cars or low-income hotels, nobody knows about [their homelessness] because if they shared about that, they could lose whatever job they might have. There’s a large constituency of people . . . that most people don’t see and think about. That’s who we see.” Pope Francis’s new laundry might inspire others to also help. “I just appreciate the fact that he’s jumping on and recognizes that clean clothes matter to people, whoever they are, wherever they come from,” Russinger says. “I think it matters.” About the author Adele Peters is a staff writer at Fast Company who focuses on solutions to some of the world's largest problems, from climate change to homelessness. Previously, she worked with GOOD, BioLite, and the Sustainable Products and Solutions program at UC Berkeley. More Fast Company Daily Newsletter: Get our best stories delivered to your inbox.Sign Up I'd also like to receive special Fast Company offers Related Stories Ideas These Blockchain-Enabled Kiosks Make Coffee Farmers More Money–And Let You Verify Your Beans Ideas At This Bike Shop, You Can Trade Your Old Car For An Electric Bicycle Ideas 3D Printing Living Organs, And Other World-Changing Ideas In Health Video Inside One of Facebook's Most Creative Departments How Collaborating With Tony Fadell Sparked Half A Decade Of Creativity Facebook, Uber, AirBnB: Are These Companies Givers or Takers? Ford's Newest Police Car Fights Crime And Climate Change Here’s An Update On President Trump’s Voter Fraud Allegations This Driverless Taxi Could Soon Be Your Next Ride—And Other Stories You Might’ve Missed How This Disconnected Coffee Shop Wants To Stir Up Conversation Here's A Look Inside The World's First LEED Platinum Certified Factory What It’s Like To Meditate On Top Of The World Trade Center Here’s How This Shoe Will Decompose Like Food In Your Trash Cher’s Childhood Advice From Her Mom Still Holds Up Today Headspace CEO On How He'd Prefer Employees Meditate To Their Own Happiness Rather Than Work Success Why Tony Fadell Is Betting On This Idaho Lighting Startup Why Silicon Valley Should Look Beyond A College Degree When Hiring This Could Be Your Seat To Outer Space--And Other Stories You Might've Missed Women In Science Encourage Young Girls: "You Belong In The STEM Fields" African-Americans Are Hitting Movie Theaters In Record Numbers Here's What We Learned From Uber's Diversity Report Samsung Unveils Its Latest Galaxy Phone Post-Battery Disaster How You Can Build Your Confidence By Running Through The Mud Deconstructing A Scene: Rogue One Is The Amy Schumer Backlash A Symptom Of A Bigger Problem? The Lesson Your Startup Needs To Learn From Thinx’s PR Nightmare Trump's Wall Is Also Dividing The Architecture Community This Plane Could Fly To Europe In Under 4 Hours--And Other Stories You Might've Missed Americans Are Becoming Increasingly Unhappy, According To The Global Happiness Report How Matt Damon—And A Bunch of Balloons—Are Raising Awareness for World Water Day What John Legend Learned From Working in Consulting Hollywood Can't Win When It Comes To Race more stories Entertainment This Pharrell-Assisted Video’s Use of Split-Screen Will Blow Your Mind Leadership Why Kickstarter Decided To Radically Transform Its Business Model Leadership Inside My “Deadline Year” For Making My Dream Job A Reality Ideas This App Helps Refugees Get Bank Accounts By Giving Them A Digital Identity Ideas Ideas These Blockchain-Enabled Kiosks Make Coffee Farmers More Money–And Let You Verify Your Beans Ideas The Pope Opened A Free Laundromat For The Homeless In Rome Ideas At This Bike Shop, You Can Trade Your Old Car For An Electric Bicycle Entertainment Ads The Sounds That Trigger War Trauma May Not Be What You Think Entertainment This Pharrell-Assisted Video’s Use of Split-Screen Will Blow Your Mind Ads Why Ad Agencies Shouldn’t Fear Facebook’s Creative Shop Co.Design Graphics This Google AI Turns Your Bad Doodles Into Polished Drawings Cities Inside Tokyo’s Massive (And Surprisingly Beautiful) Storm Drain Spaces A Look At Milan’s Best-Kept Architectural Secrets Fast Company Technology Fitbit Is Entering New, Dangerous Waters As Consumers Turn To Smartwatches Leadership Trump Campaign And Super PAC May Have Violated Election Rules, Says Watchdog Group Ideas These Blockchain-Enabled Kiosks Make Coffee Farmers More Money–And Let You Verify Your Beans Advertise Privacy Policy Terms Contact About Us Site Map Fast Company & Inc © 2017 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Lowdown: Wendy's Tweet Might Pass Ellen's Famed Oscars Tweet 1 hour ago Array 0 GroupM's Rob Norman: Is the Headline Cost of Ad Fraud and Non-Viewable Ads the Real Cost? By Rob Norman - 1 hour ago Array 0 Fox Host O'Reilly Taking Vacation Amid Sex Harassment Furor 3 hours ago Array 0 Sorry, Melania: Daily Mail Shells Out Reported $2.9M to Settle Lawsuits By Simon Dumenco - 3 hours ago Array 0 Shelly Palmer: TV May Actually Die Soon By Shelly Palmer - 4 hours ago Array 0 Burger King Relies on Google Home to Finish Its Too-Short TV Spot By Ann-Christine Diaz - 3 hours ago 0 Why We Killed the Account Manager By Karen Jacobs and John Trahar - 2 days ago 0 Sorry, Melania: Daily Mail Shells Out Reported $2.9M to Settle Lawsuits By Simon Dumenco - 3 hours ago 0 How Acura Built Its New TV Campaign for Mobile By E.J. Schultz - 21 hours ago 0 This Spiritual Surf Film Is From a Company Aspiring to Be the 'World's First Great African Brand' By Ann-Christine Diaz - 7 hours ago 0 United Airlines' Passenger Ejection May Cause Permanent Brand Damage, Experts Say By Lindsay Stein - Yesterday 0 Chipotle Seeks Laughs (and Distance From Food Safety Concerns) in Biggest Campaign Yet By Jessica Wohl - 2 days ago 0 Why We Killed the Account Manager By Karen Jacobs and John Trahar - 2 days ago 0 Chobani CMO: Earned Media Is as Important as TV or Events By Jessica Wohl - 2 days ago 0 Creativity Top 5: The Best Brand Ideas of the Past Week By Ann-Christine Diaz - 2 days ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Lowdown: Wendy's Tweet Might Pass Ellen's Famed Oscars Tweet Published on April 12, 2017. The Lowdown is Ad Age's weekly look at news nuggets from across the world of marketing, including trends, campaign tidbits, executive comings and goings and more. Wendy's has struck social media gold thanks to a Nevada teenager. If you haven't heard of #NuggsforCarter by now you must not be on Twitter. The hashtag began rising in popularity after high-schooler Carter Wilkerson innocently sent this tweet: Yo @Wendys how many retweets for a year of free chicken nuggets? — Carter Wilkerson (@carterjwm) April 6, 2017 Wendy's quickly responded "18 million," thanks to Matt Keck, Wendy's community manager at digital agency VML. @carterjwm 18 Million — Wendy's (@Wendys) April 6, 2017 Other brands jumped in… We're in. How about you, @Amazon and @Google? #NuggsForCarter https://t.co/zi8FmD6Cf8 — Microsoft (@Microsoft) April 7, 2017 And pretty soon, the tweet was getting major media coverage, including in USA Today. As of midday Wednesday, Mr. Wilkerson's screenshot of his exchange with Wendy's has garnered more than 2.6 million retweets, ranking it as the second-most retweeted tweet, according to Favstar. He only trails Ellen DeGeneres's famous Oscars selfie tweet from 2014, which has 3.35 million retweets. VML projects Mr. Wiklerson's tweet will eclipse Ellen's tweet. Mr. Wilkerson looks like a budding marketing executive. He has seized on the publicity by launching his own website where he is selling apparel like #NuggsforCarter T-shirts. Carter has seized on the publicity by selling apparel like this T-shirt.  Credit: nuggsforcarter.com "Clean" ingredients have been big in food marketing, but not so much in toothpaste. Hello is out to change that with a campaign breaking today from its new (since January) agency 72andSunny, greenlighted by its new (since December) VP-Marketing Joshua Nafman. "An Inconvenient Tooth," a 1:45 animated film, follows "Toothy" as he reveals that some toothpastes have synthetic dyes, saccharin, and propylene glycol, which in its industrial grade form is used to de-ice airplanes and in its pharmaceutical form is used to help make toothpaste foam. Hello's products use none of those. Some do have fluoride, and in 2015 Hello settled litigation with Crest marketer Procter & Gamble Co. over its former "99% Natural" labeling of fluoride products. With this ad, part of an effort that will play out on Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and through various influencers, Hello steered clear of another biting controversy by not highlighting an ingredient in Colgate-Palmolive Co.'s Total toothpaste -- triclosan -- which the Food and Drug Administration is phasing out of soap over safety concerns. A spokeswoman said Hello preferred to concentrate on ingredients found across multiple brands. But the important thing is just talking about ingredients, said Mr. Nafman, citing research showing people think more about what's in their food, beauty and even cleaning supplies than their toothpaste. OGX, the cornerstone of Johnson & Johnson's acquisition of upstart personal-care marketer Vogue International last year, has its first campaign from new social-creative agency of record Juniper ParkTBWA and media shop J3. "It's a true disruption in a very conventional category," said Alan Madill, chief creative officer of the Juniper ParkTBWA, aiming to inspire women to "fall in love with their look." The campaign will play out on Facebook and Instagram this spring and summer (notably, not YouTube, where J&J has paused spending over brand safety concerns). The launch video can be found on Vimeo. It's not just the NFL and food marketers anymore -- Bayer, owner of Claritin, would also like you to send your kids outside to play. The brand cites an analysis by Columbia University finding that Americans spend 95% of their time indoors. In a new "Be an Outsider" campaign from Energy BBDO, Claritin notes that a children's dictionary today includes such words as "broadband," and "Wi-Fi" but not "dandelion" and "fern." The video asks people to try spending just an additional 1% of their time outside. Of course, if the kiddos and parents happen to catch a whiff of allergens and sneeze while they're at it, prompting them to try a market-leading antihistamine, well, all the better. Sometimes a butter churn is just a butter churn, as Freud might have said, had he thought about it. That's true in the Spectrum cable markets of New York, Los Angeles and San Diego at least, and now also in Comcast Spotlight's Chicago market. Boy Butter's in-house ad featuring beefy apron-clad Seth Fornea churning butter, had been accepted to run last month on VH-1 in those Spectrum markets during Rupaul's "Drag Race." But Eyal Feldman, CEO of the lubricant marketer, got the impression that Comcast's legal department nixed his ad for Chicago. He complained bitterly about it in a blog post. Not so, according to a person familiar with the matter, who last week told Lowdown it was just a mixup over restrictions against local placements on Logo, which also carries the show. At any rate, Boy Butter is now free to churn away in Chicago too, according to Mr. Feldman. Contributing: E.J. Schultz, Jack Neff In this article: Beauty/Fashion CMO Strategy Packaged Food Restaurants Most Popular Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Special Offer for Philly.com Readers / Get The Philadelphia Inquirer and Daily News Special Offer for Philly.com Readers News Sports Business Health Entertainment Food Opinion Real Estate Obits Search icon SectionsClose Search Search Search Search icon News Latest Pennsylvania New Jersey Politics Education Special Reports Sports Eagles Phillies Flyers Sixers Union College High School Entertainment Celebs & Gossip Things to Do TV Movies Arts Puzzles Comics Business Cars Jobs Health Biz Philly Deals Real Estate Small Business Investing Health Kids' Health Running Nutrition Sports Medicine Food Clean Plates Craig LaBan The Insider Opinion Blogs Columnists Letters Lifestyle Home & Design Sex & Dating Style Travel Marketplace Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers Online All Classifieds People Births Celebrations Engagements Obituaries Death Notices Your Day Event Calendar PMN Events Horoscope Lottery Weather Newsletters Advertise Contact Us Permissions Reprints Powered By Inquirer logo Subscribe Daily News logo Subscribe business — ComcastNation Comcast opens its wallet to bolster Kardashian-airing E! network Updated: April 12, 2017 — 5:30 PM EDT Facebook icon 6Share Twitter icon Tweet Tumblr icon Tumblr Mail icon Email Comment icon 0 Comment Popular Stories Anthony Gargano off the air after update anchor and co-host is let go Apr 12 - 2:10 PM Troubled past of doctor dragged off United flight sparks debate Apr 12 - 3:50 PM Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP Jennifer Lopez arrives at the People's Choice Awards at the Microsoft Theater Jan. 18 in Los Angeles. by Bob Fernandez , Staff Writer Twitter icon @bobfernandez1 | Mail icon bob.fernandez@phillynews.com Close icon Mail icon Email Twitter icon @bobfernandez1     Bob Fernandez Staff Writer Bob Fernandez covers the telecommunications and media industries and frequently writes about Comcast Corp. More by Bob Fernandez Comcast opens its wallet to bolster Kardashian-airing E! network Apr 12 Comcast Cable's technology exec Kotay quits for personal reasons Apr 11 FiOS TV consumers leasing set-top boxes they don't need, federal suit says Apr 10 More from Bob Fernandez Arrow icon For years, cable networks — ESPN, Fox Sports, and others — bought audience by dishing out tens of billions of dollars on media rights for live sports, moving high-rated college and pro games behind the cable paywall. Now, Comcast has done this with the populist People's Choice Awards, which garnered 6.7 million viewers when it aired on CBS in January. Comcast-owned NBCUniversal has acquired the show and will televise in 2018 the you-vote-for-the-winners gala on the cable network E!, best known for celebrity-gawking and the Kardashians. Echoing almost exactly what TV executives say about sports, Bonnie Hammer, chair of cable entertainment at NBCUniversal, said in a published report: "We live in a time-shifted world where the value of live events has never been greater." The huge marketing power of Comcast/NBCUniversal  should be able to drive higher viewership for the awards show, which is based on hundreds of millions of votes cast by TV viewers. Indeed, the Philadelphia corporation itself could be considered its own advertising giant promoting its entertainment, news, and telecom services. NBCUniversal reportedly paid $8 million to $10 million for the awards show, which had been owned by the consumer-goods giant Procter & Gamble. The deal comes at a time of uncertainty at cable networks. Cable-TV ratings have declined, and industry insiders  — including the head of NBCUniversal, Steve Burke — warn that weaker networks could go dark. A big problem: Broadcast networks such as ABC, NBC, Fox, and CBS are now piling new charges, called retransmission fees, into monthly pay-TV bills, leading to bill inflation and consumer angst.  NBCUniversal itself has canceled its Esquire cable network.  E! seems safe from such a fate. It only costs about 30 cents a month for pay-TV distributors, such as Comcast Xfinity, Verizon FiOS, or DirecTV, to carry it to subscribers, according to the research firm SNL Kagan. Including advertising, the network generated $563 million in revenue in 2016. But Keeping Up With the Kardashians isn't getting any younger, and E! has to stay relevant with a young, gossipy millennial audience. "With this acquisition, we are harnessing our entertainment authority, live-event expertise and huge multi-platform reach to take fans beyond the red carpet and offer a true end-to-end consumer experience," E! president Adam Stotsky said in a statement. Read more by Bob Fernandez Published: April 12, 2017 — 12:30 PM EDT | Updated: April 12, 2017 — 5:30 PM EDT Thanks for your continued support... We recently asked you to support our journalism. The response, in a word, is heartening. You have encouraged us in our mission — to provide quality news and watchdog journalism. Some of you have even followed through with subscriptions, which is especially gratifying. Our role as an independent, fact-based news organization has never been clearer. And our promise to you is that we will always strive to provide indispensable journalism to our community. Subscriptions are available for home delivery of the print edition and for a digital replica viewable on your mobile device or computer. Subscriptions start as low as 25¢ per day. We're thankful for your support in every way. We encourage respectful comments but reserve the right to delete anything that doesn't contribute to an engaging dialogue Help us moderate this thread by flagging comments that violate our guidelines Commenting policy | Comments FAQ Comment policy: Philly.com comments are intended to be civil, friendly conversations. Please treat other participants with respect and in a way that you would want to be treated. You are responsible for what you say. And please, stay on topic. If you see an objectionable post, please report it to us using the "Report Abuse" option. Please note that comments are monitored by Philly.com staff. We reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable. Personal attacks, especially on other participants, are not permitted. We reserve the right to permanently block any user who violates these terms and conditions. Additionally comments that are long, have multiple paragraph breaks, include code, or include hyperlinks may not be posted. Load comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Continue Reading More in business Transportation Want to avoid getting bumped on United and other airlines? Some key advice Retail 10 Family Dollar stores to close across Philly area Energy NRG wants to add a philanthropic element to your electric bill DNC convention spending in Philly falls tens of millions short of projections Christie turns on county as Atlantic City’s budget slims down What killed mail-order drug jobs in Bucks? Automation? Overseas workers? Drug firm that makes wearables files for bankruptcy 'Wearable injector' maker Unilife will reorganize, and seek buyer Damage control expert on lessons learned from United Airlines mess Penn Medicine's new deal with Independence Blue Cross focuses on quality and cost African American leaders, business owners launch 'iBuyBlack' discount card Philly Parking Authority will kill pay-by-app system as firm mysteriously leaves town Philly.com logo is powered by Inquirer logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Daily News logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Twitter icon @phillydotcom Facebook icon /phillydotcom News & Info News Sports Entertainment Business Health Food Lifestyle Opinion Event Calendar Archives Marketplace Deals Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers All Classifieds About us About Philly.com Advertise Contact Us Licensing & Permissions Photo Reprints Newspapers In Education Career Opportunities Internships Acel Moore Workshop   Mobile Apps Email Notifications Morning headlines Eagles This Week Things To Do Dining In and Out Sports Business Health Lifestyle PMN Events Show all ▾ Show some ▾ © Copyright 2017 Philadelphia Media Network (Digital), LLC Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: 1 Important Metric to Watch for Kimberly-Clark Corp. in 2017 Why investors should keep a close eye on organic sales growth this year. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Apr 12, 2017 at 11:41AM Kimberly-Clark (NYSE:KMB) shareholders trailed the market last year even though the consumer products giant doubled its annual net income and raised its dividend at a market-thumping 5.4% pace. Wall Street mostly looked past that good news to focus on a metric that's far more important for the long-term health of its business and is heading in the wrong direction: organic sales growth. The latest results The owner of global blockbuster brands including Kleenex, Huggies, and Kotex, saw its organic expansion rate slow to a 2% pace last year from a 5% spike in the prior year. Image source: Getty Images. Kimberly-Clark's U.S. business ticked up by just 1%, but the bigger contributor to the slowdown was the fact that developing markets dove to a 4% pace from 10% in the prior year. Executives blamed a "challenging economic and competitive environment" for the slump. The economic portion of that explanation has shown up in the results of many of Kimberly-Clark's rivals. Unilever, for example, cited the weakest global GDP expansion in seven years as a key reason why its organic growth pace fell to 3.7% last year from 4.1% in the prior year . Meanwhile, rising competitive threats from Unilever and others forced Kimberly-Clark to rely more heavily on price cuts. This was especially true in the U.S. market, where increased promotions lowered sales by 2 full percentage points. Making financial progress On the bright side, the company managed a few big financial wins that protected overall returns for investors. Executives sliced a record $435 million out of its cost infrastructure that, in addition to $70 million of savings from its restructuring initiative, boosted profitability. Operating profit more than doubled to $3.3 billion in 2016, but there's a lot of noise in that metric due to expensive writedowns in the past few years tied to pension settlements and to Kimberly-Clark's exited Venezuelan business. Accounting for those items shows steady but unimpressive results. The company's adjusted net income was $2.2 billion last year, which is better than the prior year's $2.1 billion but still trailed the $2.3 billion it generated in 2014. Kimberly-Clark made progress at pushing its operating margin closer to that of industry leader Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG): KMB Operating Margin (TTM) data by YCharts. Similarly, Kimberly-Clark made progress at gaining efficiency -- just not as much as it might seem at first glance. Sure, operating cash flow spiked 40% higher to $3.2 billion. Yet one-time benefits were behind most of that improvement, and so management is expecting cash flow to tick lower in 2017 from what they called "over-delivery" last year. Outlook CEO Thomas Falk and his executive team are projecting organic sales growth of 2% in 2017, a pace that would mark no improvement over last year's sluggish result. If that comes to pass, it would also put the company behind rival Procter & Gamble for the first time in years. P&G, which competes against Kimberly-Clark's Huggies brand with the Pampers franchise, recently raised its fiscal 2017 organic growth outlook to 2.5% from 1% in the prior year. The good news is that Kimberly-Clark sees operating profit potentially doubling its 2% organic growth pace thanks to aggressive plans for additional cost cuts. Success there, plus continued improvements in efficiency metrics like return on invested capital, should mean that the company has plenty of cash available to invest in growing the business while also boosting capital returns to shareholders through stock repurchases and a healthy dividend. It's unlikely that the stock will begin beating the market again until management can show progress at returning to a stronger organic growth pace that not only demonstrates market share gains but also includes a mix of both volume and pricing increases. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Kimberly-Clark and Unilever. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Demitri covers consumer goods and media companies for Fool.com, as well as broader moves in the economy. Follow @tmfsigma Article Info Apr 12, 2017 at 11:41AM Consumer Goods Stocks Procter and Gamble NYSE:PG $90.31 up $0.51 (0.57%) Kimberly-Clark NYSE:KMB $133.10 up $0.47 (0.35%) Read More Kimberly-Clark Corp Tempers Investor Expectations 5 Things Kimberly-Clark Corp's Management Wants You to Know 3 Bulletproof Dividend Stocks to Survive the Brexit Panic These 3 Boring, Defensive Stocks Beat the Market in 2015 A Closer Look at Kimberly-Clark Corp.'s Dividend Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current 1 Important Metric to Watch for Kimberly-Clark Corp. in 2017 @themotleyfool #stocks $PG, $KMB
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 April 2017 by Military News Global Shower Gel Market 2017 Sales, Supply and Consumption Forecast to 2022 Wiseguyreports.Com Publish New Market Research Report On-“Global Shower Gel Market 2017 Sales, Supply and Consumption Forecast to 2022”. PUNE, INDIA, April 12, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Shower Gel Market 2017 Global Shower Gel market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including P&G Unilever Johnson Shanghai Jahwa COTY Chanel KAO Shiseido L’Oreal Kiehl’s LVAH Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1175895-global-shower-gel-market-research-report-2017 Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Shower Gel in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into SurfactantType Soap Type Surfactant and Soap-Based Complex Type On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Shower Gel for each application, including Kids Women Men Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1175895-global-shower-gel-market-research-report-2017 Table of Contents Global Shower Gel Market Research Report 2017 1 Shower Gel Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Shower Gel 1.2 Shower Gel Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Shower Gel Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Shower Gel Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 SurfactantType 1.2.4 Soap Type 1.2.5 Surfactant and Soap-Based Complex Type 1.3 Global Shower Gel Segment by Application 1.3.1 Shower Gel Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Kids 1.3.3 Women 1.3.4 Men 1.4 Global Shower Gel Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Shower Gel Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Shower Gel (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Shower Gel Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Shower Gel Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) ………… 7 Global Shower Gel Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 P&G 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Shower Gel Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 P&G Shower Gel Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Unilever 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Shower Gel Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 Unilever Shower Gel Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 Johnson 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Shower Gel Product Category, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 Johnson Shower Gel Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.4 Shanghai Jahwa 7.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.4.2 Shower Gel Product Category, Application and Specification 7.4.2.1 Product A 7.4.2.2 Product B ……..Continued Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1175895 Norah Trent Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)/+91 841 198 5042 (IND) email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Intelligent Virtual Assistant (IVA) Market to Reach $4,200.98 million with 30.3% CAGR Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Global Cloud-enabling Technologies Market to grow at a CAGR of 8.84% to forecast 2021 Including Key Players IBM, Microsoft, Oracle Search Recent Posts Global Market Advisors Releases Executive Summary: „White Paper: Japan Integrated Resorts” Arms Control and International Security: Remarks With Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov at a Press Availability Spokesman: Counter-ISIS Forces Make Gains in Raqqa, Mosul Pentagon Exhibit Showcases Wounded Warriors’ Therapeutic Art Automotive Steel Piston Market Projected To Take An Uptick With A Healthy CAGR Rate During 2016-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Subscribe | Sign in. 68° Fair See complete forecast Search menu Advanced Search Archives Site map Submit a photo News Today's news Weather Local news Town Talk Lights & Sirens Old Home Town Events Obituaries City hall Business State & regional Kansas government Crime, fire & courts Legal Announcements Schools & education First Bell KU news Heard on the Hill Haskell Couples Births Sound off Statehouse Live Sports KUsports Haskell Royals Chiefs Sporting KC High school Professional Columns KU Today Events Health Entertainment Living Faith Food Travel Home & Garden Pets Volunteers Events Health Opinion Staff blogs Editorials Letters to the editor Saturday column On the street Discussion/Forums Your turn Local columns Syndicated columns Submit your letter Multimedia Videos Photo galleries Audio slide shows Submit a photo Help Subscribe Social media directory Contact us Email & Text alerts Advanced search Submit a photo Submit a news item Emergency resources Username FAQ's Business Directory Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Apartments Deals Coupons Circulars LJWorld.com weblogs Lights & Sirens Baldwin City man accused of selling counterfeit laundry detergent to face trial this fall Posted by Conrad Swanson April 12, 2017 at 10:18 a.m. Advertisement A singular legal scenario stemming from some supposedly spurious soap will stretch into September. Alliteration aside, both the prosecution and defense acknowledge the case is unique, and now they're preparing for a criminal trial this fall. You may recall in February we reported about a Baldwin City man who faces a single felony count of counterfeiting in Douglas County District Court. Essentially the man, Brian Glenn, is accused of selling laundry detergent out of his home and falsely presenting it as Tide-brand detergent. He had a preliminary hearing in February to determine whether he should stand trial. During the hearing Special Agent Randy Slater of the Kansas Attorney General's Office testified that he approached Glenn, owner and operator of Clean Start Soap Sales, while undercover last year and the two discussed the soaps that were for sale. During their conversation Slater testified that Glenn gave him a sample product labeled "T.O." for "Tide Original." Glenn once referred to the products as "Tide-like" but didn't make the distinction again. The month after Slater's initial contact with Glenn a number of law enforcement officers arrived at his house and seized dozens of five-gallon buckets of detergent, estimated to be worth more than $3,000. An attorney for Procter and Gamble, Tide's parent company, said during the February hearing that at no point did Glenn ever obtain a license to use Tide's trademark, called The Bullseye. In addition, an engineer for Procter and Gamble testified that Glenn's detergent was significantly different from Tide's products. In this April 27, 2011 photo, Procter & Gamble's Tide detergent are displayed at a Target store in Richmond, Va. (AP Photo/Steve Helber) Glenn's attorney, Cooper Overstreet, argued during the February hearing that Glenn made no attempts to keep his business a secret, nor did he believe he was selling a fake or inferior product. Because of the complicated legal and technical references associated with the case, the February hearing did not come to an immediate close. Both Overstreet and prosecutor Steven Karrer instead submitted written arguments to finish the hearing, which Judge Paula Martin took under advisement. On Wednesday morning Martin announced that Karrer had presented enough evidence to show a trial is warranted in Glenn's case. Before Wednesday's hearing began Overstreet and Karrer discussed how long a trial might take. Each noted the situation was uncommon and they were unsure how long they might need to make their arguments. When asked by Martin, Karrer requested three days for a trial, noting the process might be done in two. Martin scheduled Glenn's trial to begin on Sept. 11. I report on crime and courts for the Journal-World. I can be reached by email at cswanson@ljworld.com, by phone at (785) 832-7284 or on Twitter @Conrad_Swanson. Print 2 comments E-mail to a friend Facebook Tweet LinkedIn StumbleUpon Google + Tumblr Wordpress Reddit Copy and paste the link: Comments David Holroyd 9 hours, 34 minutes ago $3,000 worth of soap and he is treated as the worst criminal , but a former Mayor gets away with money supposedly needed to feed the thousands of starving folks in Lawrence and Douglas county. Goes to prove their is money to be made in food pantries and pimping the poor. More money than in soap! 0 Sign in to reply Sign in to suggest removal Brenda Bonzer 8 hours, 9 minutes ago If by "gets away with" you mean "pleads guilty and is awaiting sentencing", you're right on the money. 0 Sign in to reply Sign in to suggest removal Sign in to comment Login/Signup Reply 2 comments from Tags Baldwin City loading... Most discussed Most e-mailed Letter to the editor: Value KPR April 12, 2017 · 20 comments Republicans hold onto U.S. House seat in Kansas' 4th District April 11, 2017 · 19 comments Spicer apologizes for ‘insensitive’ reference to Holocaust April 11, 2017 · 10 comments Josh Jackson formally charged in criminal damage case, plans to file for diversion April 12, 2017 · 4 comments In first for Kobach, noncitizen pleads guilty to illegal voting in Kansas April 12, 2017 · 1 comment Blog: Overland Park-based company to add 100 jobs in downtown Lawrence; chamber takes position on school bond April 12, 2017 · 6 comments Blog: Commercial property that owes city, county $180K in back taxes sells for $1 at auction; east side shopping center in foreclosure April 11, 2017 · 8 comments Local governments hope to change tax lid law; want to eliminate requirement for public vote April 12, 2017 · 2 comments More than 74 years of marriage later, Lawrence couple still remember the day they met April 12, 2017 · 4 comments Letter to the editor: Fair is fair April 9, 2017 · 19 comments More Lawhorn's Lawrence: Bowersock name not forgotten to this family December 9, 2012 Racing ahead: Eudora 8th-grader turns challenge into awareness 5K April 10, 2017 Songwriter, Lawrence native Lisa Donnelly dies at 37 April 12, 2017 More Advertisement Sections Today's news / Local / State / Sports / Entertainment / Living / Business / Opinion / Faith / Politics / LJWorld.com News archives / About / Feedback / Contact / Media licensing requests / Terms of service / Staff / Jobs / Sitemap / e-Edition Services Subscribe / Advertising / Customer service / Online Store Submit News / Photo / Events / Engagement / Wedding / Anniversary / Obituary / Births / Letter to the Editor / Press release / DMCA Notice Also online Photos / Podcasts / Videos / Circulars / Mobile edition / Email Alerts & Newsletters / Kansas Weddings Magazine / Social media directory Contents of this site are © Copyright 2017 Lawrence Journal-World. All rights reserved. See our terms of use for RSS feeds.
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Global Dental Veneers Market 2017 - Industry Research Report ReportsWeb.com has announced the addition of the Global Dental Veneers Market Research Report 2017 The report focuses on global major leading players with information such as company profiles, product picture and specification.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, April 12, 2017 ) Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Dental Veneers in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Global Dental Veneers market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Colgate-Plmolive Dentsply International Zimmer PHILIPS DenMat Ultradent Products Lion Henkel Trident Sirona Dental Systems A-Dec Align Technology Biolase Planmeca Oy P&G Unilever Johnson & Johnson Church & Dwight Request for free sample copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001712241/sample On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Natural Dental Veneers Plant Dental Veneers On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Dental Veneers for each application, including Hospital Clinic For more information about this report at http://www.reportsweb.com/global-dental-veneers-market-research-report-2017 Table of Content 1 Dental Veneers Market Overview 2 Global Dental Veneers Market Competition by Manufacturers 3 Global Dental Veneers Capacity, Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2012-2017) 4 Global Dental Veneers Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Region (2012-2017) 4.1 Global Dental Veneers Consumption by Region (2012-2017) 4.2 North America Dental Veneers Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.3 Europe Dental Veneers Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.4 China Dental Veneers Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.5 Japan Dental Veneers Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.6 Southeast Asia Dental Veneers Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.7 India Dental Veneers Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 5 Global Dental Veneers Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type 5.1 Global Dental Veneers Production and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.2 Global Dental Veneers Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.3 Global Dental Veneers Price by Type (2012-2017) 5.4 Global Dental Veneers Production Growth by Type (2012-2017) 6 Global Dental Veneers Market Analysis by Application 6.1 Global Dental Veneers Consumption and Market Share by Application (2012-2017) 6.2 Global Dental Veneers Consumption Growth Rate by Application (2012-2017) 6.3 Market Drivers and Opportunities 6.3.1 Potential Applications 6.3.2 Emerging Markets/Countries 7 Global Dental Veneers Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 Colgate-Plmolive 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Dental Veneers Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 Colgate-Plmolive Dental Veneers Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Dentsply International 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Dental Veneers Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 Dentsply International Dental Veneers Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 Zimmer 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Dental Veneers Product Category, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 Zimmer Dental Veneers Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 8 Dental Veneers Manufacturing Cost Analysis 9 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 10 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 11 Market Effect Factors Analysis 12 Global Dental Veneers Market Forecast (2017-2022) 13 Research Findings and Conclusion Purchase this report -http://www.reportsweb.com/buy&RW0001712241/buy/2900 and get, Discount on report purchase - http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001712241/discount Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Menu Home Politics Policy Opinion & Analysis Video Gonzales Heard on the Hill Events Hawkings White House Search Apr 13, 2017 Politics Estes a Stalwart but Unflashy Conservative Kansas congressman-elect should fit comfortably within House GOP mainstream Posted Apr 12, 2017 11:02 AM Tom Curry @Tom Curry House Democrats Who Opposed Obamacare Say Trump Never Approached Them Jimmy Panetta Takes a Hard Line on Military Spending Dick Cheney on New Rep. Cheney: ‘If She Wants My Advice, She’ll Ask for It’ Save for later Kansas Rep.-elect Ron Estes says the House Republican health care bill ”didn’t go far enough.” (Screenshot: Ron Estes for Congress) Tom Curry @Tom Curry Posted Apr 12, 2017 11:02 AM Save for later Ron Estes, who eked out a victory in a surprisingly close special election in Kansas’s 4th District Tuesday, is a stalwart but unflashy conservative with a background in engineering and state finance.  Estes, the state treasurer of Kansas, succeeds Mike Pompeo who resigned from the House on Jan. 23 to become director of the CIA. [Republican Wins Tough First Special Election of Trump Presidency] A civil engineer by training, Estes earned a masters degree in business administration from Tennessee Technological University before working for several companies including Procter & Gamble, Koch Industries, and Bombardier Learjet. Alluding to his engineering background, Estes said in a March 28 television debate with his two opponents, Democrat James Thompson and Libertarian Chris Rockhold, “We need more leaders in Washington who will do more with less — and that’s how we engineer real change.” During that debate he also said a wall with Mexico, as proposed by President Donald Trump, must be part of guarding the border, along with surveillance by unmanned aerial vehicles and the deployment of Border Patrol agents. Estes also argued that the process for foreigners seeking to legally immigrate to the United States is too burdensome and time-consuming and ought to be streamlined. Kansas priorities Although not specific about U.S. overseas commitments and alliances, Estes did give hints of skepticism about foreign entanglements during that debate. “Not everybody in the world who is an opponent of our opponent is necessarily going to be a friend of ours,” he said. [Kansas Republicans Pick Establishment Candidate for Pompeo Seat] Estes served two terms as treasurer of Sedgwick County, Kansas — home to Wichita — before being elected state treasurer in 2010. In his state treasurer job, he put a priority on alerting Kansans to unclaimed money which they may own or may have inherited, such as funds from forgotten bank accounts and the contents of abandoned safe deposit boxes. The state treasurer’s office has custody of such unclaimed assets. In 2016, Estes said his office had returned $100 million in unclaimed property since he became state treasurer. In January 2017, he launched a new savings program for people with disabilities, which allows them to set aside up to $100,000 for education, job training or other needs without losing benefits and without having to pay taxes on the money they invest. He argued that the program “has the ability to transform the lives of people with disabilities from dependence to independence.” The state finances of Kansas have suffered in recent years, partly due to a tax cut passed by the legislature and signed by Gov. Sam Brownback in 2012. In order to bridge budget gaps, Brownback and the legislature resorted to cutting spending on public schools, transferring money from the state highway fund to the general fund, and deferring contributions to the Kansas Public Employee Retirement System, or KPERS. As state treasurer, Estes had no authority over taxes and spending, but he did serve as a KPERS trustee. According to The Wichita Eagle, Estes has clashed with Brownback over the state’s underfunding of KPERS. Goals and aims Estes offers a fairly orthodox variety of conservatism and is likely to fit comfortably within the House Republican mainstream. On his campaign website, he said, “I am proudly pro-life, and as your congressman, I will lead the fight to protect the unborn. One of my top priorities will be to defund Planned Parenthood. American taxpayers should not be forced to fund organizations that perform abortions.” Estes drew some criticism during the House campaign when he said at a joint appearance with his Democratic opponent Thompson that before the enactment of the 2010 health care law, “there were some folks who chose not to get insurance,” but he added that some people couldn’t afford to purchase insurance due to their pre-existing health conditions. Estes said during his debate with Thompson and Rockhold that the House Republican leadership bill, known as the American Health Care Act, “didn’t go far enough” to uproot and replace the 2010 law. He said, “We need to make sure that people get good adequate health care that’s not necessarily tied to their insurance, that’s not mandated, that’s not taxed” and not necessarily connected to their employer. He said his general goals were “free choice” and the ability of people to keep seeing the doctor they wanted, but he did not provide details on how he would propose to reach those goals. In February 2016, prior to the Kansas presidential caucuses, Estes endorsed Florida Sen. Marco Rubio for the Republican nomination. According to The Wichita Eagle, Estes cited Rubio’s “passion for reining in the rising cost of higher education” and his “desire to modernize an education system that has left far too many students unable to start their adult lives on solid financial footing." Estes was a Republican elector in the 2016 presidential election, thus he was one of the 304 electoral votes that Donald Trump won. Trump carried Kanas with 57 percent of the vote. In an interview with the conservative Family Research Council’s radio program Washington Watch on Dec. 19, the day electors cast their votes in each of the state capitals, Estes said he’d received over 153,000 emails about the election urging him to vote for Hillary Clinton because she won the popular vote, or making the claim that Trump was unfit for the office of president. “More noise and more hype than substance,” commented Estes, who cast his vote for Trump. Get breaking news alerts and more from Roll Call on your iPhone or your Android. Get Permissions Save for later Topics: 2017 conservatives democrats elections house ks-04 open-seat politics republicans special-election Budget Business Campaigns conservatives democrats Donald J. Trump Education Elections Executive Branch Florida health care House Immigration Intelligence Kansas leadership Marco Rubio Mike Pompeo Presidential race Republicans Special Election Tennessee Washington POLI THE SOURCE FOR NEWS ON CAPITOL HILL SINCE 1955 Want insight more often?  Get Roll Call in your inbox The Staff RC Jobs Contact Us Advertise RSS Feeds Congress.org CQ.com Events About CQ Roll Call The Economist Group Press Release An Economist Group Business Copyright 2016 CQ Roll Call All rights reserved × Menu Home Politics Policy Opinion & Analysis Video Gonzales Heard on the Hill Events Hawkings White House Subscribe
menu Login SEARCH facebook twitter linkedin RSS twitter facebook linkedin RSS Login SEARCH Innovation Cloud Big Data Social Mobile Internet of Things Digital Leadership IT management Transformation Strategy and vision Risk and compliance Outsourcing C Suite Technology Data Centre Security Software Services Applications and development Skills and Training Communications Business Enterprise SME Start-up Vendor Public sector Internet Women in Tech Whitepapers Search for: Home » Innovation » Big Data The UK’s top 50 data leaders 2017 Feature 12 April 2017 Information Age reveals the top 50 business and technology leaders driving innovation and commercial value from data in the UK COMMENT The Data 50 Awards is the UK’s premier initiative for celebrating data leadership and excellence Ben Rossi Information Age today unveils its second annual list of the UK’s top 50 data leaders. The Data 50 Awards is the UK’s premier initiative for celebrating data leadership and excellence. The list is updated annually to recognise the top individuals and companies creating business value and innovation from data. Information Age’s research and editorial team received over 300 nominations for this year’s programme and studied them rigorously before whittling them down to the top 50. Further to this ranking, ten ‘best in class’ winners will be revealed at the Data 50 Awards ceremony on 18 May at the Montcalm London Marble Arch. An independent judging panel meet to decide the winners two weeks prior to the ceremony. This year’s judges are: Ahmed Khamassi, ‎Data Science Executive Director, J.P. Morgan Andrew Crisp, ‎EU & Asia Data Engineering Leader, ‎Dun & Bradstreet Barry Panayi, Chief Data Officer, Amlin Carlos Somohano, Founder, Data Science London Janani Dumbleton, Head of Data for myBBC, BBC Mark Howden, ‎Head Of Data, Santander Global Corporate Banking Matt Hobby, Head of Data Science for Analytics, Elsevier Neil Tape, ‎Chief Data Officer, ‎National Institute for Health Research Nick Creagh, ‎Data & Analytics Director, TES Global Paul Banoub, Director of Analytics as a Service, UBS Investment Bank Peter Williams, Head of Enterprise Analytics, Marks and Spencer Robin Hayden, Head of Data Architecture, Paddy Power Betfair The awards honour people and firms at the forefront of data – those transforming organisations and enhancing decision-making through its use, managing and controlling its proliferating growth, and driving business value. All functions involved in driving data innovation in the UK were considered for this year’s list, including the vendors creating the technology, the end-users deploying it, and the consultancies and integrators that get deployments over the line. The Data 50 Awards ceremony is a must-attend event for the UK’s data community, attended by hundreds of the top leaders and influencers. Click here to book your place at the ceremony. The 2017 Data 50 N.B: The Data 50 recipients are listed alphabetically, not ranked in order of achievement. 1. Abed Ajraou, Data and Insights Director, First Utility Independent energy supplier First Utility is one of a new generation of technology-led energy retails. Part of its technology-led vision is to become a truly data-enabled organisation. Abed Ajraou joined First Utility in 2015 and has since delivered a step-change in its data capabilities and extended its vision. He has created a framework to identify and prioritise the potential data investments in order to maximise the value realised to the business. In 2016, the in-year ROI for investments in data was around 200%. To enable data-driven behaviour at First Utility, Ajraou has also built a data portal that securely federates access to the company’s new data assets. The portal provides a convenient, single repository that allows any employee to see the data that may be available and request access to it. The portal is also used to engage the business community and share the team’s backlog, priorities and current project investments. 2. Aingaran Pillai, Founder and CEO, Zaizi Aingaran Pillai is the CEO and founder of open source software consultancy Zaizi. His firm holds numerous contracts providing data management solutions to both central and local government including the Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy, the Home Office, Ministry of Justice and Bristol City Council, among others. Combined, government work makes 95% of the business. He has worked with open source technology since 2000 and has actively promoted its use within government for the last 16 years. Zaizi is an innovative force in public sector data management, priding itself on its innovative approach to data and the results it has achieved for its clients. Pillai is committed to helping government organisations make better use of data. He is a firm believer that more effective data use directly translates into a better-run government and in turn a more transparent and easier life for the UK citizens. 3. Alan Grogan, UK&I Head of Data and Analytics, Atos Alan Grogan has proven his expertise in the field of data and analytics with multiple clients over the last 12 months – from data strategy to implementations of data-rich platform solutions. With a leading travel and transport organisation, Grogan has led a business-focused data strategy looking at how it can monetise and leverage the value from its vast data set. He has also shepherded the client and its board through the various implications of that for the organisation, governance and P&L. Grogan has also led a team of data scientists to explore how Atos can change the commercial basis of some of its clients’ businesses – whether that be by using insights to create new propositions for customers by looking at new pricing and ticketing solutions, or by a simple cross-sell and up-sell based on multiple datasets being integrated and processed. In the last year, Grogan has also led a CRM implementation in the financial services sector, drawing heavily upon data to exploit the benefits of the systems. 4. Anthony Batts, Senior Business Analyst, Tata Steel In the highly competitive steel industry, factory managers are challenged to keep yields as high as possible for any given manufacturing process. To accomplish this goal at Tata Steel, raw data is collected at every process step, primarily from process control systems. Keeping track of orders and stock levels, where there may be several weeks between receipt of an order and delivery of finished products, can be a complex management task. Tata Steel’s CIO issued a strategic directive to find an enterprise reporting product that could be rolled out to the entire organisation. Anthony Batts led the deployment of a flexible data architecture from Information Builders, with fully automated tools that simplify data integration. Before the deployment, it took Tata Steel around two years to gather data and manually analyse the production of one coil. Now, quality assurance staff can see the lifecycle of each coil by looking at the report that is automatically generated for them. When you consider that Tata Steel Strip Products UK produces about 150,000 steel coils per year, each weighing 15–25 tons, there is potential for massive savings. The data warehouse that Batts and his team built for Tata’s packaging steel department, through process analysis, cost approximately £70,000 and paid for itself in three months. 5. Ark’s systems team When education charity Ark, which runs 35 schools across Birmingham, Hastings, London and Portsmouth, realised there is no commercially available product that reduces the time teachers spend on data administration, it developed its own in-house data analytics platform, CCR. Over the past few years, CCR has become one of the most important tools in Ark’s school improvement arsenal. With over 1,200 unique weekly users, CCR analyses are proactively accessed by over half of Ark’s 2,000 teachers at least once every five working days. An Ark school leader can use CCR to view their teachers’ most recent assessment trends, compare these to other schools’ results, and then combine them with attendance and lesson observation data in order to inform an action plan. When a new Year 7 student arrives at an Ark school with exam results from the end primary school, CCR takes this data, calculates base grades for every subject and sets default targets for each term over the next five years. Later, whenever the student is assessed by their teachers, CCR calculates their progress and performance verses target without a spreadsheet in sight. It also calculates the average progress for the school and compares it with other schools across the network. Within minutes of a school entering its termly assessment data, every head of department can tell at a glance which student groups are performing better than others and which students within those groups require support most urgently. 6. The BI team at Bron Afon Community Housing Business intelligence at Bron Afon Community Housing has become not an optional feature but a core business process over the past 18 to 24 months. It has become the lifeblood of decision-making, operational functionality and organisational progression, utilising effective tools and methodologies in order to provide valuable, timely and accurate data in an easily digestible format. In terms of The HP Business Intelligence Maturity Model, Bron Afon was firmly in the category of ‘operational’ in 2014 – highly reliant on manual, inefficient and unreliable spreadsheets and with no particular process in place for generating data. However, the BI team has successfully developed its practices to reflect that of the ‘transformation’ stage. The team has empowered the end user, utilising the newest BI dashboards and providing effective training sessions. It has been key in the implementation of an effective KPI strategy, based upon both external benchmarking figures and internal service plans in order to guide departmental development. It has also built and implemented predictive analytics across all reports in order to promote a culture of continuous improvement across all departments. 7. Bill McGloin, Chief Technologist, Computacenter Bill McGloin is a recognised leader in the UK data storage and information governance market with over 25 years’ experience providing strategic advice to many of the world’s leading organisations. He is regularly asked to share his feedback on product portfolios, target markets, GTM strategies and suggested developments for HPE, EMC, Net App and Pure Storage’s storage portfolios. In addition to providing the go-to-market strategy for Computacenter in storage, data protection, information governance and analytics market, Bill has advised several large financial institutions, pharmaceutical companies, government and industrial organisations on storage, protection, discovery, and management of electronic information. This includes the development of policies and procedures for the governance of information utilising various technologies, and the development of data source catalogues and ingestion of data to drive business value for information sources. McGloin’s attitude is that the upcoming GDPR legislation has the potential to significantly benefit organisations who have adequately prepared for it, and has long been an advocate of understanding data and its relevant value to a business. 8. Brian Hills, Head of Data, The Data Lab Brian is a founding leader of the Data Lab having joined with 18 years experience in engineering and analytics at HP, Sumerian and most recently Skyscanner, where he created, scaled and led the BI team and launched its first B2B analytics product. The Data Lab innovation centre has been created by the Scottish Government to drive significant economic and social value from data for the country through catalysing industry, academic and public sector collaboration. Hills is the technical leader of the organisation and is instrumental in developing and reviewing the projects proposals it receives for funding. He is critical in ensuring the Data Lab invests in projects that have the right balance of innovation, ambition and ability to execute – everything from startups with new ideas, to large international businesses and public sector organisations. Hills is also responsible for the Data Lab’s education portfolio and has, within two years, scaled this beyond the targets from its funders. He is a creative leader who embodies the mission at the Data Lab to innovate and deliver economic and social value at a national scale. 9. Caroline Carruthers, Chief Data Officer, Network Rail Network Rail runs, maintains and develops Britain’s rail infrastructure, working with train and freight operating companies to deliver 1.69 billion passengers journeys a year and 116.6 million tonnes of freight material. Information and data management is a critical capability within this highly complex environment. Caroline Carruthers identified and highlighted the key challenges for Network Rail in today’s environment with increasing information variety, volume and veracity. Her argument centred on the breadth of components required for effective information management and governance. Just having the right policies is simply not enough. Instead, the implementation and ongoing development of enterprise-level information management and governance must be supported by the right accountabilities and information professionals, as well as appropriate communications, training and education for the organisation. To ensure the subject was addressed at the right level Carruthers raised a business risk detailing the potential for poor decision-making and the inefficient use of resources as a result of poor management of information and data. Having successfully created the case for improved information governance across Network Rail, she was appointed organisatino’s first chief data officer. She established a small core team operating in a federated manner with a larger matrix team encompassing information security, data protection, freedom of information, records management and business intelligence. 10. Ciaran Dynes, VP Products, Talend Currently based in Dublin, Dynes is quick to point out that, at the moment, most active big data projects are in the US. Many UK-based companies are still in the research phase and curious as to what big data might mean for them. Often he acts as “part strategic advisor, part curator, and part soothsayer”. He always needs to stay around 18 months ahead of the field, he says, to fulfil these roles. A computer science graduate from Trinity College Dublin, Dynes has been involved in data integration since the early 1990s. Since then he has worked at Iona Technologies, Progress Software and most recently Talend. Currently VP of products at Talend, Dynes leads global product management, including responsibility for managing $75-100m+ commercial middleware integration product lines. His extensive experience sees him driving cross-functional teams, managing products from cradle to maturity, justifying and negotiating new product development investments, as well as company acquisitions and launching new products into international markets. He works with companies across a range of industries such as pharmaceuticals, banking, energy and gaming, as well as with big data distributors the likes of Hortonworks and Cloudera, to produce significant results. BetVictor, Flybe, Jaeger, Calor Gas, HomeServe and Wejo. In July, Talend became a publicly traded company on NASDAQ, strengthening company’s position to deliver the critical infrastructure companies need to harness the full power of their data. Dynes is seen as instrumental in leading the move to big data at Talend, which has been the backbone of the company’s rise to success over the past five years. 11. Dan Hughes, Director, Data and Information Products, and PropTech lead, Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors Despite being one of the largest sectors in the world, the property sector has been slow to change and adopt new technology and is often considered to be behind other sectors. Many of the decisions that are made across all parts of the property sector are based on data and its analysis, but despite this, the value that it brings has traditionally not been widely appreciated. Dan Hughes is playing a leading role in helping the property sector to understand data, the value that it brings and challenges it presents. The Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (RICS) is the leading global property sector professional body where Hughes is responsible for the PropTech strategy, driving data and technology change across the property sector, as well as leading the ‘data and information’ product management team which produces a wide range of data products for use in the built environment to benefit the market. Hughes is vocal in promoting the innovation, adoption and use of data across the whole built environment and along with leading the activity at RICS regularly contributes to publications with thought leadership. 12. Dan Nelson, Head of Data, Ocado Dan Nelson has over 20 years experience working in technology, the last 15 of which have been spent at Ocado. He has held many roles in Ocado Technology, from webshop and data warehousing to supply chain and planning systems. He led the first forays into personalisation of the Ocado service over ten years ago and has overseen and observed major changes in the way it drives the customer proposition through data. Three years ago he took on the role of leading the newly formed data department with the goal of accelerating that change by bringing together the skills of data science and visual analysis with best-of-breed storage and computation platform. Nelson and his team spearheaded the effort to move Ocado to the cloud. Ocado was one of the first companies to use Hadoop and Apache Spark software on Google Compute Engine, but then saw the benefits of using Google BigQuery to create and display complex real-time analytics. The data team lets Ocado’s business analysts avoid the complex setup and workflow required to run queries against Hadoop and Spark, and also helps them expand data analytics out to its supplier and partners. Since moving to the cloud and adopting the latest solutions from Tableau and other big data suppliers, Ocado has saved on operations costs and headcount, and also provided consumers with a more intuitive shopping experience. 13. Dan Wilson, Head Of Data, Fetch At the helm of the global data and analytics offering for a mobile-first marketing agency that’s grown from start-up to 180+ people across markets within three years, Dan Wilson has worked with some of the most cutting-edge, mobile-first businesses such as Hotels.com, Expedia, Uber and Hulu. As well as running multi-million pound media campaigns to engage mobile-first consumers, Wilson also manages the technology requirements of the agency and its global clients, managing a small development team to build data aggregation, management, insight and reporting solutions. Wilson is responsible for Fetch’s in-house measurement solution, which monitors billions of user interactions across thousands of user engagement points to create the best understanding of mobile consumer behaviour. Fetch’s technology solution (and its continued adaptation under Wilson’s guidance) allows hundreds of millions of dollars of ad spend to be reported, optimised and analysed through a globally consistent data structure and process, providing massive efficiency to the agency. As a direct result of this tool, Fetch’s data team have seen a 300% reduction in manual hours required to produce client deliverables and audience insight. Wilson built Fetch’s in-house fraud prevention offering from scratch with a small in-house development team using data modelling and evaluation techniques which has saved clients $2.3m in the past 6 months. 14. David Castro-Gavino, Data Technology Consultant for Asia, EMEA and LatAm, Dunnhumby Heading up the data and technology consulting function for Africa, Asia, EMEA and LatAm, David Castro-Gavino’s role as a data leader is at the heart of everything dunnhumby does. He works closely with retailers and brands, providing data consultancy across multiple geographies to help them draw value from their data, by creating or enhancing their data strategies. Working with a retailer in the LatAm region, Castro-Gavino led an important data transformation programme, designed to change the way this company used data to improve interactions with their customers. His expertise resulted in a return on investment equating to more than 50 times the base cost, and generating 30% incremental annual sales and a whopping 43% increase of expenditure per customer. Working with a large FMCG company, using the latest open source technology, Python R and PostgreSQL, Castro-Gavino provided the foundations for this client to better understand the behaviours and attitudes of their customers, uncovering the reason behind poor brand performance and opening up new solutions through a customer-centric approach. Working with a large retailer in EMEA, he helped build out its ability to create a ‘single customer view’, identifying where the gaps can be enriched with additional data sources. Rather than being based on gut instinct or margins, its decisions around pricing are now built around the segmentations created as a result of Castro-Gavino’s approach, based on insights derived from their customer data. 15. David Fearne, Technical Director, Arrow ECS David Fearne, the youngest director in Arrow ECS’s history, is responsible for developing and maintaining the company’s technical presence in the channel, as well as the implementation of technical strategies. Fearne recently launched a project to help businesses understand, use and educate others on the benefits of large-scale data analytics and BI. The project – How Happy Is London? – collects, processes and continually refreshes 2.6 billion different units of data from unconnected sources freely available in the public domain and related to the city’s happiness. The final output is a happiness indicator, creating an up-to-the-minute snapshot of London’s mood, which is refreshed from new data every 60 seconds. These data sources range from Transport for London on possible disruptions to weather updates from the Met Office, along with the use of sentiment words in conjunction with ‘London’ on Twitter. The incoming data is then analysed in real-time and represented online as a series of images of people and places in the capital. The algorithm and platform was launched in November 2016, and since then Fearne has also launched How Happy Is Munich? He aims to roll the project out across Paris, Madrid, Copenhagen, New York, San Francisco, Colorado and Denver this year. 16. David Todd, Group Data Director, Travis Perkins Many of the numerous systems across Travis Perkins are old, some over 30 years, with bespoke processes and a lack of data validation. In addition, the acquisitive nature of TP Group has led to many different ERPs systems being used and many siloes of data leading to inconsistency and poor accuracy of data. David Todd joined the company four years ago with a remit to improve the data quality, process and systems, helping the group become more data-driven and focus on the value of good data. Todd has championed, sponsored and led many data system improvements that have been driven, amongst other projects, by the implementation of a master data management (MDM) programme. The initial focus was on product data and the launch of a group wide product information management (PIM) system paved the way to improve data quality driving numerous group website improvements and launches. With over half a million active products in the legacy systems, this migration was not an easy task. The work started with website products, adding marketing information, facet values and imagery. The product data in PIM now feeds to over six different group websites and ERPs and is helping Travis Perkins meet customer demands and improve their multi-channel experience. As an example, the overhaul of product data and images has played a part in improving the Wickes website SEO improvements and seen the site sales and conversion almost double in just over two years. Todd now leads a team of experienced data stewards who work closely with many TP colleagues across the business implementing and improved a rules-driven approach to automated data quality. 17. Di Mayze, Managing Director, EU, Acceleration Under Di Mayze’s leadership in Europe, Acceleration continues to maintain double-digit annual growth. Mayze leads a team of skilled technical consultants, ensuring some of the world’s biggest brands collect, store, analyse, share and monetise customer data assets effectively and in line with their commercial objectives. She also excels at combining ten years of data and insight experience with her neurolinguistics skills. This supports her career-wide commitment to releasing the value of data – to simplify and humanise it for people, bringing it to life for non-analysts and maximising its uses everywhere. She has devised and run many training initiatives in this area, including for the Metropolitan Police, which through more insight-led marketing activity now has a clearer understanding of crime hotspots and how to use data to warn potential victims, reduce crime and keep the public safe. One of her favourite projects was an insight engagement for weight control firm Atkins Nutritionals, which wanted to know how to grow market share. Analysis revealed that the most loyal buyers weren’t women who wanted to lose weight, as the marketing had targeted, but bodybuilding men who wanted the protein-boost. Other companies Mayze has run key strategic data projects for include Unilever, P&G, Nestle, Estee Lauder, Barclays, Johnson & Johnson and Bacardi. 18. Edward Crook, Research Manager North America and LATAM, Brandwatch Edward Crook joined Brandwatch in 2012, working out of the company’s UK headquarters in Brighton. At the end of 2013, he moved to Berlin to introduce and establish a research services team, and in November 2015 he moved to New York to build Brandwatch’s research team for North America and Latin America. Crook and his team take big, social data from Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, news sites, forums and blogs, and identifies the actionable business insights from millions of social mentions. Brandwatch’s clients flock to Crook’s team, and the services they provide, and have as a result become a lucrative source of revenue for Brandwatch. Crook is passionate about ‘social for good’, a movement dedicated to using social data for positive change. Earlier this year he spoke in Washington DC about the Syrian refugee crisis as depicted and impacted by social media. In more recent pro bono work with UK anti-bullying charity Ditch The Label, he led a research series exploring prejudice in online discourse. The research, launched at a parliamentary reception in the UK in October, tackled misogyny, masculinity, homophobia, transphobia and racism, offering new perspectives on how these might be measured and tackled in the digital age. 19. The Guardian’s technology team As with many large organisations, the Guardian uses the Elastic Stack to monitor log files within its internal systems, forming the basis of its IT operations monitoring and security. Seeing the power of the Stack and recognising the value of large scale search and analytics to its core news business, the Guardian’s architecture team has taken Elastic’s open source technology and re-engineered journalism for the 21st century. The Guardian’s ‘Content API’ lies at the heart of the newspaper’s digital presence, ensuring readers get fast access to the content they want, on the platform they choose. All content is produced in the organisation’s own content management system before being fed into the API which is built on the open source Elasticsearch platform. The Content API is then responsible for distribution and search, unlocking the real value of over 2 million articles, and processing an average of 666 information requests per second. Built and supported by a team of just 5 developers, the content API provides the digital gateway to everything that the Guardian publishes. The paper’s architecture team have harnessed the power of existing technology to revolutionise its digital distribution. Online and in-app search is unrecognisable from previous iterations and, built on the world’s most popular open source search project, it continues to get better over time. The Guardian’s use of data gathering and exploration also reaches to the heart of its editorial processes. Ophan, the Guardian’s in-house-developed analytics system, delivers vital insight on how readers find and engage with content. The information is delivered in real-time – from 30 million page views per day – to over 850 users across the organisation. This real-time visibility has allowed the entire organisation to learn how to fine tune content and headlines to meet readers’ expectations. 20. Guy Hanson, Senior Director of Professional Services, Return Path Using a network of email data, Return Path brands insight into their email marketing programmes so they can improve email delivery, subscriber engagement and revenue generated. The company has 3,000 customers worldwide. Through the Return Path Data Exchange, it has brought together the world’s most comprehensive source of data from the email ecosystem. Collaborating with more than 70 providers of mailbox and security solutions, covering 2.5 billion inboxes – approximately 70% of the worldwide total – the company has established a trusted data-sharing network. Also feeding into the data platform is its consumer network of more than 2 million consumers and purchase receipts from 5,000 retailers around the world, delivering insight into purchase behaviour, brand affinity and consumer preferences. One customer, FanFinders, was driving 30% of its revenue from email marketing campaigns but was suffering from low inbox placement rates and subscriber engagement. By analysing FanFinder’s email data and providing insight into its inbox filtering rules, which was making deliverability from unrecognised sources difficult, Return Path amended the brand so that it was registered on the certification whitelist. This increased FanFinders’ deliverability rates to 95%, which had a significant impact on its engagement with inbox users. 21. Jacob Ayres-Thomson, Head of Data Sciences, JRP Group Typically insurers pass over large portions of their assets for external management but, at JRP Group, Jacob Ayres-Thomson is developing novel applications of data science in a bid to change that. He was recruited by JRP Group’s CEO to design, build and then evangelically lead the firm’s first group-wide data science operation. In his first year he successfully delivered a new artificial intelligence (AI) approach to an old problem which, in the words of the then chief actuary, had a value of over £50 million. He has developed a new piece of novel AI software for the firm which experiments with and learns optimal ALM strategies. To put this into context, his firm holds over 300 bonds and the market is much larger. The ALM challenge requires playing a rather more complex version of the game of Tetris, piecing together and matching asset cash flow structures with the firm’s specific liability profile whilst sitting within regulatory constraints, optimising yields and capital. What is more, the Solvency II regulatory environment presents a whole host of added complexities and restrictions. Using a number of innovations and hybridising some methods from machine learning, Ayres-Thoms has produced a system that learns as it experiments and in so doing, it is discovering new hitherto unseen ‘efficient frontiers’ in the ALM solution space. The efficient frontier space discovered by the AI was able to simultaneously find an opportunity to materially boost IFRS profits, release cash and unlock capital – all in 45 minutes.  It is evident that the insurance (or wider ALM) industry could crystallise immediate profits by employing such technology. 22. James Fisher, Vice President of Global Product Marketing, Qlik James Fisher has been working with businesses to unlock data-driven possibilities for the best part of two decades. As part of his role at Qlik, where he has been since 2014, he oversees the go-to-market product strategy for its analytics platform and shapes its thought leadership and market intelligence activities. He also oversees Qlik’s demo and innovation team, which is responsible for showcasing what organisations can achieve with Qlik solutions by building external-facing analytics applications for sport, CSR and media activities. Fisher is a firm believer in the idea that everyone should be a data analyst, or at least have the ability to understand how it impacts their job and their sector. One solution he champions is data education, from primary school all the way through to university and beyond, after all the industry moves at such a rapid rate that continuous learning is key. Businesses should be taking active steps not just to employ data analysts, but to constantly upskill existing staff for these capabilities. After what has been a turbulent year for organisations, the proper understanding of data and how it can be used for competitive advantage has never been greater. 23. Jen Shorten, Technical Delivery Architect EMEA, MarkLogic Since 2008, Jen Shorten has been helping customers resolve their large-scale legacy data integration problems and transform their businesses. While working for the academic publisher Wiley, she was one of a handful of tech disruptors driving the first wave of digital-first publishing. Also, as one of the first people in the UK to use NoSQL technology to underpin business-critical applications, she led the business analysis and development teams in a complete rewrite of Wiley’s online publishing platform using the MarkLogic database. Today over 60% of Wiley’s revenue comes from providing digital solutions. Today, Shorten applies her expertise to the public sector. 24. Jim Conning, Managing Director, Royal Mail Data Services Royal Mail Data Services (RMDS) is the specialist data business of Royal Mail Group. Jim Conning is spearheading Royal Mail’s entry into new markets by harnessing the company’s trusted reputation and data expertise to enable consumers and organisations to interact both physically and digitally in secure and trusted environments. Since taking up the role, he has been instrumental in driving the development of new products and services for government, businesses and consumers. In 2015, RMDS was chosen as one of a trusted group of organisations to provide ID verification services to power GOV.UK’s Verify service, which gives people a safer, simpler and faster way of accessing government services online. Under Conning’s stewardship, RMDS developed the ID verification service in less than 12 months. Conning and his team are also working with organisations to provide guidance and best practices on how to prepare for compliance with the GDPR – in particular, the use of permissioned data. This is exemplified by his commitment to working with industry bodies as well as businesses and consumers to understand the concerns surrounding the provision and use of customer data post-GDPR enforcement. 25. Jim Webber, Chief Scientist, Neo Technology Jim Webber has helped forge the technical path at Neo Technology, the company behind the graph database Neo4j. Among the wide variety of business applications it has been used for, Neo4j powered the 2.6 terabyte-strong Panama Papers exposé by the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists, the largest data leak in journalistic history, allowing investigators across the globe to decipher a web of interconnected dataset detailing wide-scale international tax evasion. Six years ago, Webber started Europe’s largest NoSQL database meet-up on graph databases in London and established Neo4j’s UK presence. At that time, it was a presence based out of his spare bedroom. Recently he has been leading Neo4j’s R&D efforts on dependable scalable computing with a strong consistency model called causal consistency. Causal consistency is far superior to eventual consistency typically used in NoSQL databases but has a reputation for being expensive to implement and execute. Webber believes large Neo4j clusters can be formed using the approach in a way that provides the abstraction of a single machine to the developer. If this is achieved, developers will store graph data in the database and the data will be guaranteed to be available when they subsequently come to query it. In distributed systems this is a huge sea change from eventually consistent stores, where developers and operators have no such guarantees and end up with convoluted and unsafe workarounds. 26. Karl Grambow, Head of Managed Services, Coeo Karl Grambow has innovated a proactive monitoring platform to provide an early warning system to avoid issues affecting customers’ business. The platform uses more than 5,000 proactive rules that he can extend with custom checks for each monitored environment, allowing his team to provide a tailored service monitoring platform, avoiding the cost and overhead of employing a team of experienced database administrators. Over the last two years, Grambow has transformed this business area and through his exemplary behaviour and customer service, he has achieved significant customer satisfaction. He has created an innovative technical solution for database performance monitoring whilst ensuring continual development of his DBA team and grown the business area by 50%. As a result of his efforts, Coeo has been able to transform its customer’s databases and enable customers to manage, manipulate and analyse their data without delay to allow them to thrive in competitive markets. 27. Katia Walsh, Chief Global Data and Analytics Officer, Vodafone Dr. Katia Walsh’s career spans over 20 years of fuelling digital innovation by harnessing big data, advanced analytics, machine learning and artificial intelligence solutions. She is one of the very few global chief data officers with a command of the full spectrum of data capabilities: data governance, big data platforms, analytics services and digital solutions. As Vodafone’s first chief data and analytics officer, Walsh has led the prioritisation of data as an asset and elevated it to one of the company’s most important areas of focus at group board level. Among her achievements at Vodafone, she has developed a big data and advanced analytics strategy and delivered on the company’s aspiration to harness the combination of new data, technologies and techniques to solve complex, high-impact business problems. She has also launched big data and advanced analytics capabilities in seven Vodafone operation countries and spearheaded architecture and delivery of a big data platform with 17 Petabytes of capacity, ranking among the top 10 EMEA big data platforms. The business value of the work she and her team are delivering is expected to exceed £650 million. Through all this, she has managed an intense culture change in one of the most complex and dynamic companies globally. 28. Kevin Crew, IT Director, ADVO Group Employee benefit specialist ADVO created in-house systems allowing slicker account administration and lower client fees. Kevin Crew is both architect and administrator of ADVO Online. Designed for companies up to 500 employees, ADVO Online was created for SMEs and small corporates, and has matured into a complete employee management and communication platform, allowing a shift from policy administration to a generator of sales. In 2015 we went live with a full flex-benefits platform, giving SMEs access to a unique benefit engagement technology previously the preserve of larger corporates. In April 2015, ADVO extended staff portals to incorporate full flexible-benefits. The current system is in its third generation with a fourth currently in construction that encompasses payroll and HR. Towards the end of 2015, ADVO moved away from product sales based around renewal dates to targeted technology appointments. 29. Larisa Cojocaru, Business Operations Specialist, Boeing With a strong finance and public relations background, Larisa Cojocaru has worked in international business for over five years, including four years within the automotive industry and most recently with Boeing Defence UK (BDUK), working on the UK Chinook Through Life Customer Support (TLCS) Programme. TLCS is a performance-based availability contract and flagship programme that provides heavy depot maintenance, modifications and upgrades for the UK Ministry of Defence. The primary reason for Cojocaru’s placing on the Data 50 is her achievement in introducing a new strategic dashboard for the TLCS programme. Cojocaru planned, selected and implemented the new dashboard in approximately six months to provide Boeing and customer stakeholders with clear, assumable information on the health of the programme and the constituent functional teams, whilst also helping to identify opportunities for further performance improvement, increased efficiency and cost saving. 30. Malcolm Murphy, Technology Director, Western Europe, Infoblox Raw data, pervasive in modern enterprises, is often funnelled into an array of complex tools where it typically requires an exercise in technical origami to shape and fold it to get what you really want: actionable intelligence. Infoblox helps organisations sort through network complexity to find actionable insights that can help mitigate security threats, meet compliance requirements, anticipate and help respond to future network loads or failures. Malcolm Murphy leads technology for Infoblox in its Western Europe region. The company has immediate access to data essential to deriving business and network context. This context is essential to understanding and improving operation of the network, identifying the root cause of problems, and resolving issues rapidly. 31. Mark Carrington, Chief Technologist, Data8 Data8 was founded by Antony Allen in 2005 with Mark Carrington and Richard Hartland appointed as directors. The company processes millions of transactions for some of the largest organisations, including Ellis Brigham, AQA and England Rugby. Carrington has headed Data8’s development in technology. During the past 11 years, he has not only been instrumental in establishing one of the UK leading data solutions providers, but he has created new coding and added features to existing software to make them more accessible and usable. He has shared his knowledge across the world in presentations and demonstrations and also contributed to whitepapers and blog articles. Carrington oversees Data8’s product development team who are responsible for maintaining and evolving cleanse, validate and supply solutions. Furthermore, he is responsible for the data quality systems’ performance and ensures that clients are given the security of maximum up time. He is at the forefront of developing technology for Data8, continuously working to ensure that the solutions are easily accessible for everyone. 32. Mark Curling, Head of Data Analytics, onefinestay Since launching in 2010, UK hospitality startup onefinestay has expanded into six major cities around the world and in the summer of 2016 was acquired by AccorHotels for $170 million. The business model at onefinestay is brimming with complexity and as such it had no choice but to position the business as a leader in data to achieve its success. Since joining the company at the end of 2011, Mark Curling has built and managed the whole vertical of analytics – from designing and implementing the infrastructure, to driving key decisions in the business by demonstrating actionable insight from data. Commercially, the data analytics team had a huge impact in the months leading up to the acquisition. In the first half of 2016, Curling’s team used decision tree modelling to build a lead-valuation algorithm. By using this to power the commissioning of the sales team, the team were able to drive a 12% increase in the conversion of leads to sales. They also integrated Segment to capture and stitch together onefinestay’s user-tracking data. This provided insights from which they were able to make modifications to the on-site search functionality – driving up conversion through our ecommerce site by a huge 15%. Toward the end of November, the operational forecasting algorithm predicted a peak Christmas intensity that was 20% higher than the gut estimation of both the sales team and the operational managers. With Curling having convinced all stakeholders of its accuracy, the decision was made to hire 50 extra cleaning staff and purchase 100 extra iPhones within 48 hours. The forecast proved to be uncannily accurate (correct within two bookings out of around 500), so Curling’s actions prevented a huge operational failure over onefinestay’s busiest period. On the technology side, Curling’s team has built up a scalable data infrastructure that encourages a data-driven culture across the whole business. 33. Mark Seymour, CTO, Future Facilities Mark Seymour has more than 30 years of data centre simulation and measurement experience. Last year, he played a leading role in the Green Grid’s development of a new metric (Performance Indicator) designed to assess and visualise data centre efficiency, risk and cooling performance. His work resulting in the development of a browser-based tool designed to aid adoption by providing a simple way to visualise PI data. At its most advanced, PI provides a framework to assess the effects of changes before they are implemented, whether from IT deployments or the installation of infrastructure changes such as containment. This gives the business the ability to understand how safe any IT expansion will be, how to best utilise the design capacity or run through ‘what if’ scenarios to develop strategies for managing issues before they arise. Through his work with the Green Grid, Mark is helping to create innovation that could potentially impact many aspects of life and commerce, by providing engineers with the tools they need to ensure efficient storage and supply of the exponentially increasing quantities of data our society demands. 34. Martin Moran, Senior Vice President and General Manager, EMEA, InsideSales.com Using data analytics, machine learning and artificial intelligence, InsideSales.com allows businesses to better communicate, gamify, predict and visualise the entire sales process, and deliver more informed and valuable services to customers. As lead of the company’s regional growth in the EMEA region, Martin Moran has helped create a generation of sales reps who are better equipped, better engaged and more effective than ever before thanks to the use of data and predictive analytics. Previously, he had a key role in building Salesforce’s presence in EMEA and helped grow the business to $300 million in annual revenue. Moran has championed the use of new, data-driven technologies to accelerate the sales process. Unlike other sales tool on the market which claim to use artificial intelligence, InsideSales.com’s Neuralytics platform analyses over 100 billion sales interactions, 110 million buyer profiles and thousands of individual data points. This vast amount of data means that the platform learns from past interactions and makes recommendations based on this. 35. Miriam Vizvary, Head of Data, WRB Underwriting When Miriam Vizvary joined WRB Underwriting, the company had an overinflated team in place, using two BI technologies. She has worked to create a leaner team with leaner processes in place and has decommissioned one of the BI technologies, resulting in big savings not only for licenses but internal support costs as well. Influenced by previous experiences, her approach is agile and for every request she questions where change is really necessary. Vizvary is executing a vision for the company where users have access to accurate and up-to-date information that they need to make their decisions. ‘With very little investment we will start to contribute to bringing in revenue, not just be a cost,’ she says. ‘I have a recently hired new and hungry team with the correct mindset and we are on our way of making this vision a reality.’ 36. Omar Khan, Data and Technology Director, MEC Omar Khan is responsible for driving the programmatic agenda at media agency MEC and integrating all of its media data to provide better targeting, buying decisions and live reporting for its clients. This involves looking at how different data sets can drive deeper insights for campaigns performance increase. With significant exposure to the commercial, operational and technical side of the digital business, Khan brings together the elements required for implementing digital transformation. MEC has gone through a big cultural and technology change, not only in the way it uses data to make effective business decisions but also building products that have transformed the processes that mix well with an agile data culture. This has allowed teams to concentrate on strategic decisions and invest time saved by data automation in high-value tasks. There has been a better ROI on technology and business intelligence. A key focus for the last couple of years was identifying and uncovering opportunities, helping MEC teams to overcome operational challenges they face every day when delivering services to clients. Operational efficiencies were seen in media plan management, client budget reporting, cross-channel digital reporting and workflow management. By automating the digital media planning process, the data doesn’t lie with the developers anymore and reducing manual effort in ad operations has saved over £75,000 in costs and 50% in time. Meanwhile, the development of a cross-channel digital reporting tool with automated data collection and configuration of several data sources has saved almost 70% of planners’ time in over 21 markets, resulting in cost savings of more than £150,000. 37. Ozkan Aykut Demir, Co-Founder, Pisano Pisano, co-founded by Ozkan Aykut Demir, is a web-based platform for enterprises and customers to communicate without space or time limitations. The Pisano platform is built feedback collection, customer data analysis and customer relationship management (CRM) assistance. Pisano currently has 220 unique client companies from 12 different verticals. Previous clients include McDonald’s (reintroduction of apple pie to Turkish market), BP (new car air freshener smell chosen by customers) and World Bank (Syrian refugees in Turkey pilot survey project). An average Pisano survey takes less than 30 seconds, has fewer than five questions, can be served to more than 30,000 people at a fixed cost, and requires just taps on the touchscreen. 38. Paul Alexander, Group CEO, Beyond Analysis Paul Alexander created Beyond Analysis in 2007 with the goal of raising the metabolic rate of every company it works with, making them faster, more dynamic, more competitive and more profitable. He and his team help businesses transform by putting their data to work. They identify and prioritise the most relevant data so businesses can start taking actions instead of being overwhelmed by the sheer scale of the data they have. Alexander has grown the business into a highly successful and internationally recognised firm since its inception in 2007. He is considered an industry expert and trusted advisor to 150 high-profile clients. His experience also includes being chairman of C6, a non-executive director for both Parcel for Me Ltd and Deal Group Media Plc, and global head of consumer markets for dunnhumby. He stepped back into the limelight last year after adopting two boys in 2014. He oversaw Beyond Analysis’s launch in the Indian subcontinent in early 2017. 39. Paul Riordan, Vice President of Sales Operations and Transformation, Unify Paul Riordan has shown a solid approach to transforming critical channel relationships using technologies at the forefront of data management to make a positive impact on the bottom line. With a clear business goal in place to capture 100% of customer installed base data in order to maximise revenues, retention and satisfaction in a single global solution, he took on a ground-breaking approach to identify new ways to drive intelligence across the Unify channel. In order to enhance decision making and generate valuable insight around previously ignored silos of data, Riordan took the lead on controlling the information explosion within the partner network, researching the market and ultimately establishing an early-adopter relationship with Zyme, a vendor offering channel data management. 40. Phil Blades, Chief Services Officer, Hubble For more than two and a half decades, Phil Blades has led and implemented technological advancements for companies across the UK and the world, including Union Bank of Switzerland, Capgemini and now the UK-based Hubble, where he has been a critical part of the technical milestones at the company. Achieving a quick time to value is critical for the enterprise, so Blades introduced a foundational stage to the onboarding process so customers can experience benefits of the software from the start. This makes customers more willing to continue to the next stages of implementation. Once they reach the foundation stage and are seeing value, the Hubble team commences implementation of more specific requests. This process has lead to 200% growth in year-over-year analytics deals for Hubble and gained the attention of industry analysts who praise the company for being the one vendor known for the quickest time to value. Blades has made huge improvements in design, capability and stability to accelerate Hubble clients’ data, allowing them access to key insights in real-time. Because of a maniacal focus on customer success, Blades and his team are constantly iterating and innovating to create solutions for clients. During development, Phil implemented internal processes that allows Hubble to surmount hurdles for its 900+ customers and make changes to the product in as little as three weeks on a consistent basis. This insistence on problem solving has influenced Hubble’s leading role in Gartner’s Magic Quadrant for highest customer satisfaction among FCPM vendors. 41. Phil Bridge, UK Managing Director, Kroll Ontrack In early 2016 Kroll Ontrack, led by Phil Bridge in the UK, launched a new service called Ontrack DataAdvisor – a revolutionary approach to manage legacy data on tapes that saves fees relating to maintaining various types of back-up software and hardware. It also allows for more targeted data retrievals, which has a direct impact on the volume of data that needs to be churned through. Technical teams are able to reduce the time taken to extract relevant data, knowing exactly where to aim their efforts for a specific request. Ontrack DataAdvisor can support companies in the management and access of their legacy data by providing savings in costs of storage, man-hours and technical accessibility, and by preventing costly fines should the company not be able to comply with regulatory demands. 42. Robert Goodwin, Data Strategy Director, Lida Data strategy, CRM and innovation are the key focus for Robert Goodwin, who leads on the O2 account for Lida. Goodwin’s overall emphasis is to enable the numerous data sources involved in O2’s marketing activity – via multiple database tools, forecasting, modelling and dashboard visualisations, generating data led strategies – to support brand, creative and overall business results. In a project for O2’s Priority Moments, Goodwin used data innovation to combine the wealth of information on consumer topics and interests – identifying key content that consumers are likely to engage with – with known response behaviour (previous Priority purchases, usage and channel engagement data). This drove the business to become consumer-first in offer generation, rather than offer-led. This has started the personalised journey for Priority, with dynamic offer content based on an individual’s, interest, affinities and usage. 43. Ryan Gallagher, CEO and Founder, IOVOX Ryan Gallagher co-founded IOVOX with his wife Belinda in 2007 in London, and has since taken the business to California. Prior to this, his expertise varied from Silicon Valley start-ups to global enterprises. He served as chief technology officer of Silicon Valley start-up Vazu, after having held a wide variety of positions in over 15 years at companies such as KPN Qwest, Compaq and Alstom Holdings. He helped pioneer streaming media over the internet with technology partners like Inktomi, Cacheflow and NetApps. Today, IOVOX’s operations are still family lead, with Belinda supporting business functions such as sales and marketing in addition to her board role. The founders are now joined by several other directors as part of their global expansion. Typically, IOVOX works closely with marketers to maximise ROI by allocating unique numbers to new and existing AdWords campaigns. Calls are tracked from the search engine results page on the campaign, or on the ad group level for AdWords call extensions and Google Click to Call. Using the call analytics IOVOX provides, organisations can track and optimise their ad spend, by identifying which campaigns are generating the most calls, and therefore the most revenue. Its customers include PizzaExpress, PagesJaunes, Zoopla, Bookatable, Gumtree and AutoTrader. 44. Simon Gratton, Associate CDO, Deloitte HSBC’s data architecture was hindering its ability to fulfill regulatory requirements and compete in the digital age, putting at risk non-compliance with current and future data regulations. To address, HSBC instigated its first ever global programme in partnership with Deloitte, to implement across all business functions new data-centric services to become the leading bank for customer data quality and self-certification, based on cloud, identity, API, agile, AI, machine learning and robotics capabilities. Simon Gratton commenced his involvement as an interim global head of data architecture with Deloitte on the HSBC programme in January 2016. After two months, he moved into a global data and integration design CTO capacity to drive and align the design across five new global data programmes (big data, integration technology, modernising risk and finance, global customer data strategy and data management modernisation). For his final three months at HSBC, Gratton led the second phase of the global customer data strategy which looked to unify customer and party information across 71 HSBC countries into a single solution that was GDPR appropriate and could scale to leverage developments with big data and other emerging AI/blockchain technology. The programme over-achieved it’s original targets, resolving major data quality issues and bringing critical data elements under data governance. 45. Stacie Maxey, Director of Database Marketing, Domestic & General Stacie Maxey is an expert at helping the C-suite to realise the importance of data in the business and therefore changing the culture of an organisation. Having held analytics and database marketing roles for several high-profile financial institutions, she has been responsible for spearheading a number of successful data technologies. As the analytics manager for one of the UK’s largest insurance firms, LV=, Stacie led the implementation of a multi-channel marketing solution from BlueVenn that replaced several inefficient legacy systems. The solution helped improve campaign response rates by 81% and uplift ‘good leads’ by 15%. In her current role, she takes on much of the operational work. As well as helping to deliver marketing campaigns, her focus is on using customer analytics to learn more about Domestic & General’s customers – not just to establish who they are and what they do, but align them with the products that D&G provide and the offers best suited to each customer. To champion this shift from ‘product centric’ to ‘customer-centric’ marketing, Maxey knew she had a key role in bringing about a cultural change. This required preaching to the unconverted to help them to see things through a ‘customer lens’, and an acknowledgement that starting with simpler concepts is the best way to push change through. 46. The ‘WISER’ (Welsh Water Information Strategy Enterprise Roadmap) Team, Dwr Cymru Welsh Water The pressure on Dwr Cymru Welsh Water (DCWW) today are ever increasing, including the need to comply with regulatory and industry standards, reduce cost and improve efficiencies, meet customer expectations, and operate in an uncertain and constantly changing economy. To be able to combat these pressures, DCWW must rely on consistent, accurate and reliable data to govern our business. It has embarked on a data strategy journey referred to as ‘WISER’ to constructively and economically address data issues and embed a data governance culture, where data becomes part of everyone’s responsibility by democratising data. To be successful, WISER started small and has taken achievable steps that can be measured along the way. It is providing DCWW with a quality culture to bolster solid practices and infrastructure that will make future data projects more successful and more integrated with the rest of the business. Data is now treated as a corporate asset, funded as a corporate asset and managed as a corporate asset. As part of WISER, DCWW is establishing a data organisation to move from a reactive organisation to one that has a unified data strategy and sufficient faith in the data to automate many business processes and data models, freeing up valuable resources to work on other strategic initiatives. The data strategy roadmap that has been developed as part of WISER provides a set of over 50 opportunities that are sequenced to establish responsibility then develop governance and capability, while building corporate awareness of the value data has to the business. 47. Tim Carmichael, Chief Data Officer, British Army As the first chief data officer for the British Army, Tim Carmichael is delivering transformational change to the way the army addresses its most strategically important decisions, bringing timely and relevant data to bear to underpin the work of its main board, senior leaders and operational commanders. Examples of his achievements for the British Army include the first enterprise-wide strategic management information pack for the main board, his use of predictive analytics to support operational effectiveness, and his evangelising for cultural change. He has created and developed the role of CDO for the British Army and has become a key senior adviser to the main board. Entirely self-taught, he has initiated transformational change at the enterprise level and has enhanced strategic evidence-based decision-making. Doing all this in the context of extreme financial constraints makes his achievements in such a short time all the more impressive. 48. Tim Vine, European Head of Trade Credit, Dun & Bradstreet For centuries, financial decision makers have used certain data sources in order to make decisions involving risk. Fast forward to the here and now, and companies require a raft of data from different sources in order to make sound financial corporate decisions affecting the growth of a business. This new form of non-traditional data sourcing is called programmatic contextual data and Dun & Bradstreet has invested heavily in smart data systems. Tim Vine leads the company’s trade credit division in Europe. Dun & Bradstreet’s global commercial database of 265 million business records is bigger than any other company. Its use of programmatic contextual data brings in unprecedented amounts of additional content that would otherwise take a lot of time to manually find the golden nuggets a company is looking for. It connects the dots, making sure the company’s traditional data, non-traditional data and a company’s own data is in one manageable place makes for a more automated, efficient and cheaper system. 49. Yasmeen Ahmad, Practice Partner Analytic Business Consulting, Teradata Yasmeen Ahmad’s expertise in big data and data science means she now works with leading global companies to identify their current challenges and redefine these in an analytical context. She is responsible for an advanced analytics and data science practice in the UK and Ireland which requires her to use the skills of her team to generate new revenue streams by creating greater demand for data and analytics consulting. This role has required development of a go-to-market sales strategy, training the sales teams and putting into practice an agile delivery model, while building a multi-cultural, cross-functional team of data and analytics practitioners. Providing oversight for big data and data science-related projects, Ahmad has delivered value to customers by solving complex business problems, enabled through scalable technology. In particular, her work focuses on how businesses can exploit new or untapped sources of data, alongside novel analytical techniques, in order to deliver tangible return on investment. As one of the leading forces behind Teradata’s launch of ‘insights-as-a-service’, Ahmad’s role has been fundamental to developing and explaining the proposition. 50. Yorkshire Building Society’s data governance team In 2013 the YBS Group identified the need to formalise its organisational data governance structure and practices. This entailed moving away from functional data management practices by implementing an accountability structure, policies, roles and responsibilities, and repeatable processes. A relatively small team of three, growing to six, took on the role of a data governance programme office to develop and drive the data governance agenda.  In order to support the requirement for fit for purpose data resulting from efficient processes, the team set out to achieve collaboration across silos with consistency of approach and execution, establishing a structure to drive a culture of change. Despite starting from a very low base in terms of an understanding for the need to change, with limited resources, the programme influenced and introduced a lot of change in a relatively short period of time at Yorkshire Building Society. The changes have resulted in the improved understanding of the importance of data and the need for data to be managed in alignment with business objectives.   Nominations are now open for the Tech Leaders Awards 2017, the UK’s flagship celebration of the business, IT and digital leaders driving disruptive innovation and demonstrating value from the application of technology in businesses and organisations. Nominating is free and simply: just click here to enter. Good luck! Related Topics data leadership Comments (0) Leave a Reply Cancel replyLogin to comment Prev Next Keep Informed by email Subscribe I am happy to receive updates and offers from Information AgeI am happy to receive updates and offers from carefully selected 3rd parties We do not sell or distribute our subscriber details with other companies or individuals for any reason. If you are interested in the details you can read our privacy policy. Read More Latest Popular A credible threat: cyber attacks and stolen credentials 95% of large companies woefully unprepared for digital business 4 reasons why a millennial should have a mentor in the tech industry The journey of data storage: what’s next? Game changer: open banking for millennials Women in IT Awards 2017 – finalists revealed The smart nation: Singapore’s masterplan Women in IT Awards 2017: winners revealed Wine cellar, swimming pool and a treehouse: Inside Zoopla’s new office The path to manageable data Products Information Age Digital Edition Since its launch in 1995, Information Age has been regarded as one of the most respected technology titles in the B2B realm. More than 20 years on from its inception, the publication stands as the UK’s number one business-technology magazine, holding a strong influence over its prestigious readership of IT leaders.Find Out More The Vitesse Network Small Business Growth Business Information Age What Investment Growth Company Investor Tax Guide Vitesse Events Vitesse Media Further Information Preference Centre Information Age Hub Contact Us Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions About Vitesse Media About this website Vitesse Media Plc, 14 Bonhill Street, London EC2A 4BX T. 0207 250 7010 © 2017 Vitesse Media Plc © 2017 Vitesse Media Plc Further Information [+]
Menu Accounting & Tax Banking & Capital Markets Growth Companies Human Capital & Careers Risk & Compliance Strategy Technology Sign InSign Up Search for: CFO Conferences Webcasts Research White Papers Jobs Training Newsletters Magazine Search for: Disruptive Influences: 20 Tech Companies to Watch In areas from cyber defense to tax compliance to… Designer Fashion at a Discount A fast-growing online retailer is redefining how… Two CFOs Tell a Tale of Fraud at HealthSouth Years after going to prison, disgraced CFOs try to… Accounting & Tax Banking & Capital Markets Risk & Compliance Human Capital & Careers Growth Companies Strategy Technology M&A Loews Buys Packaging Company for $1.2 Billion The acquisition of Consolidated Container puts Loews in an industry that "we believe is unlikely to be subject to major technological disruption." Matthew Heller April 12, 2017 | CFO.com | US share Tweet Email Print - Print + Email this article To* Please enter your email address* Subject* Comments* Loews Corp. is adding plastic packaging manufacturer Consolidated Container Co. to its already diverse portfolio. The $1.2 billion acquisition of Consolidated, which was announced Tuesday, is Loew’s first foray into the packaging industry. The conglomerate’s other businesses include hotels, energy and financial services. Recommended Stories: Supervalu Buys Unified to Expand Wholesaling AT&T Buys Straight Path in $1.25B Bet on 5G This Year’s Interest Rate Hikes Won’t Stifle M&A Loew’s CEO James Tisch said the packaging industry “fits our key acquisition criteria: It is a fragmented industry that generates strong cash flows and we believe it is unlikely to be subject to major technological disruption.” Atlanta-based Consolidated, which provides packaging solutions to customers including Colgate-Palmolive, Procter & Gamble, and Dean Foods, will become a part of a newly created segment called Loews Packaging Group. It is currently owned by Bain Capital Private Equity. “I have every confidence that Loews will be an excellent partner for CCC as we continue to invest in differentiated capabilities to best serve our customers,” Consolidated’s chief executive, Sean R. Fallmann, said in a news release. “It remains our mission to be the packaging solutions provider of choice in North America.” The deal is expected to close in the second quarter of 2017, and will be funded with approximately 50% percent cash on hand and 50% debt. Consolidated also operates Envision Plastics, a recycler of high-density polyethylene, and its network includes 57 rigid plastic packaging manufacturing facilities, two recycled resins manufacturing facilities, and 2,300 employees. Bain bought the company from Vestar Capital Partners in 2012 in a deal that valued it at about $800 million. Post navigation ← Supervalu Buys Unified to Expand Wholesaling Memo to Hurting Retailers: Redo Comp Plans ASAP → Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Advertisement Popular Articles Sponsored by Pursuing a “Hands-Off” Approach Internal Audit Losing Prestige, Survey Finds Think Like a Start-up, Be a Better CFO CFOs: Be the Heart of Data Integration Hire Expectations Watch Out for Tax Hits from Global Expansion Advertisement   Topics Accounting & Tax Banking & Capital Markets Human Capital & Careers Growth Companies Risk & Compliance Strategy Technology Media Videos Whitepapers Research Blogs Magazine Events Conferences Webcasts Services Reprints Back Issues Mobile Widgets RSS About CFO About CFO Editorial Staff Press Advertise FAQ Contact Us Want the Magazine? Relax and unplug with our award-winning coverage. Subscribe Now Follow Us
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Baby Personal Care Products Global Market Share, Size, Growth Opportunities, Key Driven Factors, Market Scenario Forecast to 2022 In this report, the global Baby Personal Care Products market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Baby Personal Care Products in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1180945-global-baby-personal-care-products-market-research-report-2017 Global Baby Personal Care Products market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Procter & Gamble Unilever Johnson & Johnson Avon L’Oreal Kimberly-Clark Beiersdorf Bonpoint Burt’s Bees Marks & Spencer Nivea Asda Group Oral B Laboratories Alliance Boots On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Hair Care Products Skin Care Products Toiletries Fragrances Convenience Products Others On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Baby Personal Care Products for each application, including Supermarkets Convenience Stores Exclusive Shops Online Stores Access Complete Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1180945-global-baby-personal-care-products-market-research-report-2017 If you have any special requirements, please let us know and we will offer you the report as you want. Table of Contents Global Baby Personal Care Products Market Research Report 2017 1 Baby Personal Care Products Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Baby Personal Care Products 1.2 Baby Personal Care Products Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Baby Personal Care Products Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Baby Personal Care Products Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Hair Care Products 1.2.4 Skin Care Products 1.2.5 Toiletries 1.2.6 Fragrances 1.2.7 Convenience Products 1.2.8 Others 1.3 Global Baby Personal Care Products Segment by Application 1.3.1 Baby Personal Care Products Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Supermarkets 1.3.3 Convenience Stores 1.3.4 Exclusive Shops 1.3.5 Online Stores 1.4 Global Baby Personal Care Products Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Baby Personal Care Products Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Baby Personal Care Products (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Baby Personal Care Products Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Baby Personal Care Products Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 2 Global Baby Personal Care Products Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1 Global Baby Personal Care Products Capacity, Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.1 Global Baby Personal Care Products Capacity and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.2 Global Baby Personal Care Products Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.2 Global Baby Personal Care Products Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.3 Global Baby Personal Care Products Average Price by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.4 Manufacturers Baby Personal Care Products Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area and Product Type 2.5 Baby Personal Care Products Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 Baby Personal Care Products Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 Baby Personal Care Products Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion 3 Global Baby Personal Care Products Capacity, Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2012-2017) 3.1 Global Baby Personal Care Products Capacity and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.2 Global Baby Personal Care Products Production and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.3 Global Baby Personal Care Products Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.4 Global Baby Personal Care Products Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.5 North America Baby Personal Care Products Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.6 Europe Baby Personal Care Products Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.7 China Baby Personal Care Products Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.8 Japan Baby Personal Care Products Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.9 Southeast Asia Baby Personal Care Products Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.10 India Baby Personal Care Products Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 4 Global Baby Personal Care Products Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Region (2012-2017) 4.1 Global Baby Personal Care Products Consumption by Region (2012-2017) 4.2 North America Baby Personal Care Products Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.3 Europe Baby Personal Care Products Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.4 China Baby Personal Care Products Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.5 Japan Baby Personal Care Products Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.6 Southeast Asia Baby Personal Care Products Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.7 India Baby Personal Care Products Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 5 Global Baby Personal Care Products Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type 5.1 Global Baby Personal Care Products Production and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.2 Global Baby Personal Care Products Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.3 Global Baby Personal Care Products Price by Type (2012-2017) 5.4 Global Baby Personal Care Products Production Growth by Type (2012-2017) 6 Global Baby Personal Care Products Market Analysis by Application 6.1 Global Baby Personal Care Products Consumption and Market Share by Application (2012-2017) 6.2 Global Baby Personal Care Products Consumption Growth Rate by Application (2012-2017) 6.3 Market Drivers and Opportunities 6.3.1 Potential Applications 6.3.2 Emerging Markets/Countries ……Continued Purchase Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1180945 Contact Us: Norah Trent Partner Relations & Marketing Manager Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US)  Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK)          CategoriesUncategorized TagsBaby Personal Care Products Market Growth, Baby Personal Care Products Market Opportunities, Baby Personal Care Products Market Share, Baby Personal Care Products Market Size, Baby Personal Care Products Market Status, Baby Personal Care Products Market Trend, Business, Global 1, Google News, International Space Station, ISS, NASA, Roscosmos, satPRnews, SpaceX, Telecommunications, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Vibration Monitoring Equipment Market 2015-2022 Research Report Next PostNext Powder Injection Molding Sales Market 2017-2022: Size, Share, Analysis, Competitive Landscape and Forecast Search Recent Posts Secretary-General Appoints Pramila Patten of Mauritius as Special Representative of the Secretary-General on Sexual Violence in Conflict Infinite Global Inc. Investigates 3 Key Skills that Can Be Learnt from Billionaires Maryland Author Joyce Tarpley to Feature at Two Book Events, April and May Event!t Pty: ‘Advertising Doesn’t Have to Be Annoying.’ Syrian Rock Band Sideffects Announce New Single „Wait for the Captain” Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Global Sanitizer Market to grow at a Impressive CAGR of 6.75% during the period 2017-2021 Summary Orbis Research Present’s Global Sanitizer Market to grow at a CAGR of 6.75% during the period 2017-2021. Description Research and Development Into – Global Sanitizer Market 2017-2021 The Following Companies as the Key Players in the Global Sanitizer Market: 3M, P&G, Reckitt Benckiser, and Unilever Other Prominent Vendors in the market are: Bath & Body Works, Best Sanitizers, BioSafe Systems, Chemtex Speciality, Deb Group, Ecolab, GOJO Industries, Henkel, Kimberly-Clark, Lion Corporation, Nice-Pak Products, Sealed Air, Skinvisible Pharmaceuticals, The Clorox Company, Troy Chemical Industries, and Vi-Jon Commenting on the report, an analyst from Technavio’s team said: “With the growing concern for health and environment risks associated with hand sanitizers, vendors are coming up with new products to retain their market share. Eco-friendly sanitizers are gaining traction in the market. They are made with ethyl alcohol, which is a bio-based ingredient, and water. Both are plant-based ingredients that are renewable. Therefore, these kind of hand sanitizers can be considered as a green product. For instance, PURELL has launched a green hand sanitizer that is made with plant-based ethanol and sold in a recyclable PET plastic container. Hand sanitizers have also started coming in small sized bottles, which are easy to carry while traveling. There are hand sanitizers with different fragrances as well as those that are fragrance-free. Similarly, there are alcohol-based sanitizers as well as those that are alcohol-free. Thus, consumers have a lot of choices to choose from as per their requirements. This is resulting in an increasing demand for hand sanitizers in the market.” According to the report, according to the CDC, one of the important ways to avoid the transmission of dangerous diseases is to regularly wash hands with soap and water or use a hand sanitizer. Hand sanitizer is recommended when there is a lack of soap and water. It contains at least 60% alcohol or contains a persistent antiseptic, which kills many kinds of bacteria, including antibiotic-resistant bacteria and tuberculosis bacteria. According to research, hand sanitizing is more effective against fighting the common cold than hand washing. Get a PDF Sample of Global Sanitizer Market Report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/244647 Further, the report states that there are various health risks associated with the use of hand sanitizers. There are two kinds of bacteria in an individual’s body –– one that results in illness and another that acts as an antibiotic to eliminate the disease-causing bacteria. Hand sanitizers contain triclosan. Frequent use of hand sanitizers can not only kill the bacteria but also build up a resistance to antibiotics. Triclosan is a primary element that contributes toward increasing the resistance to antibiotics by killing good bacteria. The study was conducted using an objective combination of primary and secondary information including inputs from key participants in the industry. The report contains a comprehensive market and vendor landscape in addition to a SWOT analysis of the key vendors. CategoriesUncategorized Tagsglobal sanitizer industry, Global Sanitizer Market, Global Sanitizer Market 2017, Google News, Sanitizer, Sanitizers, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Unexpected growth seen in Global Optical 3D Metrology Market as it may reach $XX Billion up to 2021 Next PostNext Sodium Chloride Injection Market Division Including Snapshot That Provides Overall Information of Various Segments and Sub-Segments Search Recent Posts Safety Film Capacitors Market 2017 By Top Manufacturers, Growth, Emerging Trends, Size, Share, Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Technical Enzymes Market Size and Prediction by Leading Manufacturers according to its Application and Types 2017 The Denver Post Names Spinnaker Support a Winner of the State of Colorado 2017 Top Workplaces Award Vegetable Oil Market Analysis, Recent Trends and Regional Growth Forecast by Types and Applications 2017 EMI Filter Array Market Competition, Status and Forecast, Market Size by Players, Regions, Type, Application by 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Global Sanitizer Market to grow at a Impressive CAGR of 6.75% during the period 2017-2021 Summary Orbis Research Present’s Global Sanitizer Market to grow at a CAGR of 6.75% during the period 2017-2021. Description Research and Development Into – Global Sanitizer Market 2017-2021 The Following Companies as the Key Players in the Global Sanitizer Market: 3M, P&G, Reckitt Benckiser, and Unilever Other Prominent Vendors in the market are: Bath & Body Works, Best Sanitizers, BioSafe Systems, Chemtex Speciality, Deb Group, Ecolab, GOJO Industries, Henkel, Kimberly-Clark, Lion Corporation, Nice-Pak Products, Sealed Air, Skinvisible Pharmaceuticals, The Clorox Company, Troy Chemical Industries, and Vi-Jon Commenting on the report, an analyst from Technavio’s team said: “With the growing concern for health and environment risks associated with hand sanitizers, vendors are coming up with new products to retain their market share. Eco-friendly sanitizers are gaining traction in the market. They are made with ethyl alcohol, which is a bio-based ingredient, and water. Both are plant-based ingredients that are renewable. Therefore, these kind of hand sanitizers can be considered as a green product. For instance, PURELL has launched a green hand sanitizer that is made with plant-based ethanol and sold in a recyclable PET plastic container. Hand sanitizers have also started coming in small sized bottles, which are easy to carry while traveling. There are hand sanitizers with different fragrances as well as those that are fragrance-free. Similarly, there are alcohol-based sanitizers as well as those that are alcohol-free. Thus, consumers have a lot of choices to choose from as per their requirements. This is resulting in an increasing demand for hand sanitizers in the market.” According to the report, according to the CDC, one of the important ways to avoid the transmission of dangerous diseases is to regularly wash hands with soap and water or use a hand sanitizer. Hand sanitizer is recommended when there is a lack of soap and water. It contains at least 60% alcohol or contains a persistent antiseptic, which kills many kinds of bacteria, including antibiotic-resistant bacteria and tuberculosis bacteria. According to research, hand sanitizing is more effective against fighting the common cold than hand washing. Get a PDF Sample of Global Sanitizer Market Report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/244647 Further, the report states that there are various health risks associated with the use of hand sanitizers. There are two kinds of bacteria in an individual’s body –– one that results in illness and another that acts as an antibiotic to eliminate the disease-causing bacteria. Hand sanitizers contain triclosan. Frequent use of hand sanitizers can not only kill the bacteria but also build up a resistance to antibiotics. Triclosan is a primary element that contributes toward increasing the resistance to antibiotics by killing good bacteria. The study was conducted using an objective combination of primary and secondary information including inputs from key participants in the industry. The report contains a comprehensive market and vendor landscape in addition to a SWOT analysis of the key vendors. CategoriesUncategorized Tagsglobal sanitizer industry, Global Sanitizer Market, Global Sanitizer Market 2017, Google News, Sanitizer, Sanitizers, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Unexpected growth seen in Global Optical 3D Metrology Market as it may reach $XX Billion up to 2021 Next PostNext Sodium Chloride Injection Market Division Including Snapshot That Provides Overall Information of Various Segments and Sub-Segments Search Recent Posts International M2M Services Market 2021: Analysis, Growth, Drivers, Challenges, Trend, Forecast, & Vendors Analysis Worldwide Radiation Detection and Monitoring Market 2021: Focus on (Companies, Opportunities, Challenges, Drivers, Growth, Countries, Revenue, Forecast) Modern Living with kathy ireland® Highlights Tracie Martyn Skincare to Discuss Their Luxurious, All-Natural Skincare Products Used by Celebrities Modern Living with kathy ireland® Highlights Tracie Martyn Skincare to Discuss Their Luxurious, All-Natural Skincare Products Used by Celebrities Modern Living with kathy ireland® Features How Hardy Nutritionals® is Changing the Way We See Nutrition Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews 2017 Global Fabric Conditioner Market to grow at a CAGR of 5.75% by 2021 Summary Orbis Research Present’s Global Fabric Conditioner Market-Segmented By Type, Application and by Geography-Trends and Forecasts (2017-2022) Major players in this industry and the key strategies adopted by them to sustain and grow in the studied market.. Description Demands and Trends – Global Fabric Conditioner Market 2017-2021 The Following Companies as the Key Players in the Global Fabric Conditioner Market: Colgate-Palmolive, Henkel, Procter & Gamble, Reckitt Benckiser, and Unilever Other Prominent Vendors in the market are: Church & Dwight, Kao, LG Household and Healthcare, Lion, Marico, Nakoma Products, Pigeon, PZ Cussons, Sara Lee, Sears Daily Necessities, Seventh Generation, Wipro, and Zhejiang Yuanmin Technology Commenting on the report: “Fabric conditioners are emerging in different forms such as capsules, sprays, bars, and crystals. Another format that is gaining popularity is a ball-shaped organic fabric conditioner made of wool, which is environment-friendly and lasts for a number of washes. P&G’s Downy Unstopable is available in a wide range of fragrances and in the form of sprays and crystals. Unilever’s Comfort has launched liquid capsules in Europe and China. This format was launched so that users do not have to be concerned about the volume of the conditioner being used as the capsule contains a specific amount of conditioner.” Get a PDF Sample of Global Fabric Conditioner Market Report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/244645 According to the report, concentrated fabric conditioners are formulas that have a thicker consistency and are less diluted than traditional fabric conditioners. These concentrated formulas can serve the purpose of their traditional counterparts efficiently at much less quantities. The consumer can dilute the product according to their choice. This means that the same end-product at a consumer level requires much less packaging and lower amounts of water during the manufacturing process. Also, as concentrated fabric conditioners take up less space per unit, they can be transported in greater quantities, which reduces fuel consumption and transportation costs. Hence, vendors are able to save time and money when manufacturing concentrated fabric conditioners. Unilever’s Comfort offers some of the most popular concentrated fabric conditioners in the market. Leveraging the growing demand for concentrated products, other vendors in the market, such as Kao, are also launching high-concentration fabric conditioner products in the market. Further, the report states that while fabric conditioners are essential to the maintenance of fabric quality, they also may contain toxic or harmful substances that affect indoor air quality and make the fabric more flammable. Some of the chemicals found in fabric conditioners are chloroform, ethyl acetate, and limonene. These chemicals are particularly harmful to children, which is why the product labels on some fabric conditioners indicate that they should not be used on children’s nightwear. Excessive exposure to the chemicals can lead to their build up in the body and affect health. When used on a regular basis on daily-use products such as sheets, towels, and clothing, air quality inside the house is also affected. The study was conducted using an objective combination of primary and secondary information including inputs from key participants in the industry. The report contains a comprehensive market and vendor landscape in addition to a SWOT analysis of the key vendors. To Place Purchuse Order for Global Fabric Conditioner Market Report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/244645   CategoriesUncategorized Tagsand Unilever, Colgate-Palmolive, Fabric Conditioner, Fabric Conditioner Industry, Fabric Conditioner Market 2017, Global Fabric Conditioner Market, Google News, Henkel, Procter & Gamble, Reckitt Benckiser, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Hydrochloric Acid Market Professional Survey: Know The Current and Future Prospects of the Market Through 2017 To 2022 Next PostNext Intravenous Fluid Bags Market Report Presents an Overall Analysis, Development Trends, Driving Forces, Opportunities & Future Potential 2022 Search Recent Posts IMPORTANT SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces an Investigation of Lion Biotechnologies, Inc. and Advises Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm La plus grande exposition sur l’IA (intelligence artificielle) au monde aura lieu à Tokyo du 28 au 30 juin ! AIG Announces Consumer Insurance Investor Day Biogas Power Market Research, Size, Share and Growth Forecast by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application to 2021 NAV CANADA annonce ses résultats financiers pour le second trimestre Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Sign In / Sign Up Sign In Sign Up New User Show navigation Hide navigation Home Jobswitch Articles Last 30 Days Interviews Guest Articles Blogs Planning Room Points of View Co Briefs In The Spotlight Special Reports afaqs! Reporter 100 Words Shareworthy Showcase Media Television Print Out of Home Digital Below The Line Radio Media Briefs Directories Case Studies Latest Advertising Marketing Media Digital Events Online Videos Job Switch Post your resume here Mobile-First SEO The Marketers Edition #3XEDigital Anouk #SaveItForAnotherDay Hype vs. Reality The AI Explainer Gulshan Singh joins FCB Interface as Executive Planning Director By afaqs! news bureau , afaqs!, Mumbai | In Advertising | April 12, 2017 59SHARES Singh will be based out of Mumbai and will be responsible for upping the planning ante at Interface. In a recent development, FCB Interface has announced the appointment of Gulshan Singh as executive planning director. Singh will be based out of Mumbai and will be responsible for upping the planning ante at the agency. In his career spanning 15 years, he has worked across research, consulting and account planning at companies' like TNS Middle East and Africa, DHL Europe, Lowe Lintas and JWT. He has won multiple Effies and worked with some of the most reputable brands such as Tata Tea, Tanishq, P&G, GSK, Nestle, GM, Makemytrip, Spicejet, Britannia, Marico and many more. Most recently he has been in senior planning roles in Lowe Lintas in Bangalore and JWT and Publicis in Delhi. Commenting on the appointment, Joe Thaliath, chief executive officer, FCB Interface, says in a press release, "Gulshan's acumen to couple consumer insights with hardcore data & analytics makes him the perfect fit for the role. We are delighted to have him on board! His drive, insight and clutter breaking solutions will help us pen a new chapter in the FCB Interface growth story and we look forward to it." Speaking on his new role, Singh, says in a press release, "To me this is a homecoming of sorts, and it is fantastic to be back in this environment that places such a premium on strategic thinking and rigor. And more importantly, in using this thinking as the bedrock of developing the creative product - all with the clear objective of encouraging behavior change. I look forward to partnering with the superb talent we have here to drive this mandate." An MBA from HEC Paris, Gulshan's interests include behavioral economics, military history and gaming. Click here to see his LinkedIn profile: https://www.linkedin.com/in/gulshan-singh-a362675/ 59SHARES Follow afaqs! Search Tags FCB Ulka FCB Interface Gulshan Singh Joe Thaliath © 2017 afaqs!     Related Articles Joemon Thaliath is now CEO, FCB Interface Advertising Profile: FCB Ulka's Nitin Karkare: "We haven't made a song and dance about most of our business wins" Advertising "FCB Ulka is three campaigns away from sexy!": Rohit Ohri Advertising Stay Updated with Us Top 10 Stories Last Week Last Month Last Year Mrs. Funnybones makes a case for Google Pixel Advertising Going to market, the Nadia Chauhan way... Marketing Goafest 2017: Open Strategy & Design wins 4 Golds ... Advertising Goafest 2017: Media and Publishers Abby announced Advertising Pepsi tweaks its packaging to woo new age consumer... Advertising afaqs! Creative Showcase: And here's the new Pulse... Advertising Why are planners undervalued in advertising? Advertising First TVC for Pulse candy to air over the weekend Advertising Acharya Balakrishna on 'aaj kal kay ads' Advertising Malayala Manorama ends association with news aggre... Media Publishing Sarabhai VS Sarabhai on Hotstar: An Analysis Digital Amazon Prime Video launches 'India Ka Naya Primeti... Advertising Mrs. Funnybones makes a case for Google Pixel Advertising Motherhood has no gender, says P&G in new Vicks ad Digital "Now, the shopkeeper can store condoms next to can... Advertising Sunil Raina named Lava CMO Marketing How Pulse candy captured the market: The Full Stor... Marketing Patanjali is India's Buzziest Brand; Amazon, Jio f... Marketing HUL, Amul in legal battle over latter's ad Advertising The 10 Most-Watched Indian Ads on YouTube in Febru... Digital How Pulse candy captured the market: The Full Stor... Marketing Bajaj V: A piece of INS Vikrant in your bike Advertising "Rohit Shetty's 'Ranveer Ching Returns' is the mos... Advertising Voot to stream Bigg Boss Season 10's 'Unseen Undek... Media Publishing Did we just see a desi ad with a kiss in it? Advertising Sony LIV launches Hollywood library Digital "We don't have a fruit for a logo," shouts Microma... Advertising afaqs! Throwback: Meet 'The Airtel Girl': Rakul Pr... Advertising The Story Behind Paytm's Marketing... Digital The 10 Most-Watched Indian Ads on YouTube in May 2... Digital 5 / 10❬❭ Case Studies Secrets to a Great Team Other Source : Elodie Ascenci View All Current Issue April 1-15 2017 Client Servicing Executive. Apr 12, 2017 Creative Head / Graphic Designer Apr 10, 2017 Account Supervisor (Female) Mar 17, 2017 View all jobs ❭ Home About us Advertise Register Contact us Sitemap Service Agreement Quantum Code Articles Last 30 Days Interviews Guest Articles Points of View Co Briefs In The Spotlight Special Reports afaqs! Reporter 100 Words Shareworthy Advertising Creative Showcase News Interviews Account Movements Push Money App Media Latest News Television Print OOH Digital BTL Radio Media Briefs Interviews JobSwitch All Vacancies Top Employer Charter Members Post Resume Events Foxglove Awards 2017 afaqs! India's Buzziest Brands 2017 vdonxt asia Digies 2016 afaqs! Foxglove Awards 2016 Brand Owners' Summit afaqs! Buzziest Brands 2016 Unmetro, Delhi-2015 Brand Owner's Summit Healthcare Brand Summit Mobile.Nxt Follow us on: Get afaqs! in Your Inbox Copyright © 2017 afaqs!. All pages of the Website are subject to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You must not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any material on the Website for any commercial purposes.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Global Electric Toothbrush Market Analysis 2017 Latest Development Trends The report on Electric Toothbrush market is the latest addition to the huge database of DecisionDatabases.com. This research study is segmented on the basis of applications, technology, geography, and types. The Report provides a detailed Electric Toothbrush Industry overview along with the analysis of industry’s gross margin, cost structure, consumption value, and sale price. The leading companies of the Electric Toothbrush Market, manufacturers, and distributors are profiled in the report along with the latest Industry development current and future trends. Browse the complete report and table of contents @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/ip/8199-electric-toothbrush-industry-market-report This report studies Electric Toothbrush in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with capacity, production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering • Philips Sonicare • Oral-B (P & G) • Panasonic • Omron Healthcare • Colgate-Palmolive • FOREO • Wellness Oral Care • PURSONIC • Smilex • Kolibree • Interplak(Conair) • LION • LG • BAYER • LFCARE Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate of Electric Toothbrush in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like • North America • Europe • China • Japan • Southeast Asia • India Free Download sample pages of Electric Toothbrush Industry @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/download-sample-8199 Split by product type, with production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type. • Rechargeables • Battery Split by application, this report focuses on consumption, market share and growth rate of Electric Toothbrush in each application. • Adults • Children Purchase the complete Electric Toothbrush Research Report @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/buy-now-8199 Table of Contents-Snapshot 1 Market Overview 2 Global Market Competition by Manufacturers 3 Global Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2011-2016) 4 Global Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 5 Global Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type 6 Global Market Analysis by Application 7 Global Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 8 Manufacturing Cost Analysis 9 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 10 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 11 Market Effect Factors Analysis 12 Global Market Forecast (2016-2021) 13 Research Findings and Conclusion 14 Appendix View More Related Reports @ United States Electric Toothbrush Market Report 2017 Global Toothbrush Sales Market Report 2017 About Us: DecisionDatabases.com is a global business research reports provider, enriching decision makers and strategists with qualitative statistics. DecisionDatabases.com is proficient in providing syndicated research Report, customized research reports, company profiles and industry databases across multiple domains. Our expert research analysts have been trained to map client’s research requirements to the correct research resource leading to a distinctive edge over its competitors. We provide intellectual, precise and meaningful data at a lightning speed. For More Details: DecisionDatabases.com E-Mail: sales@decisiondatabases.com Phone: +91 99 28 237112 Web: www.decisiondatabases.com/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsAccessories & Luxury Goods, Computer hardware, Consumer, Consumer Electronics, Consumer Goods, Electric Toothbrush Industry Analysis, Electric Toothbrush Industry Share, Electric Toothbrush Market, Electric Toothbrush Market Growth, Electric Toothbrush Market Outlook, Electric Toothbrush Market Report, Electric Toothbrush Market Research Report, Electronic Equipment & Instruments, Electronic Equipment Manufacturers, Electronics, Electronics and Smart Devices, Global Electric Toothbrush Market, Google News, Health Care Equipment, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Fluorescent Whitening Agents (FWAs) Sales Market Global Analysis & 2022 Outlook Next PostNext Notice of First Quarter 2017 Results and Conference Call Search Recent Posts Global Pressure Vessel Market Regional Analysis with Key Strategies, Application & Forecast to 2021 Orthopedic Instrument Market Report 2021: Present Scenario for Business Opportunities, Drivers and Trends New Study into Reverse Shoulder Prosthesis Market 2017-2022 Optical Microscope Market 2016: Comprehensive Research Including Top Companies, Latest Trends and Challenges Forecast by 2021 Global Oil Christmas Tree Market 2021: Segmentation by Manufacturers, application, type & regions Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Kulbhushan Jadhav Malcolm Turnbull Narendra Modi IPL 2017 Arvind Kejriwal News Money Experiments with 'truth' (Thinkstock) Shares5 Collin Furtado | Wed, 12 Apr 2017-07:20am , DNA In ad wars, brands are now resorting to smarter ways to prove their version of truth Recently advertisements have been the point of battle for brands such Amul, Hindustan Unilever (HUL), Airtel and Reliance Jio. While HUL has taken its battle with Amul to the Bombay High Court, Reliance Jio has registered a complaint with the Advertising Standards Council of India (ASCI) against an ad of Airtel. The Amul ad called 'Amul is Real Milk, Real Ice Cream' shows that since the product is made using milk it is a real ice-cream and not frozen desert made using "vanaspathi ghee", taking a dig at most of HUL's Kwality Wall's frozen deserts. The Airtel ad, on the other hand, took a dig at competitor Reliance Jio by claiming that it is the fastest network by quoting a third party speed test company Ookla's results. The lawyers of FMCG giant HUL recently argued in court that Amul's ads were guilty of disparaging frozen dessert. While Reliance Jio was vindicated as ASCI on March 31 as the self-regulatory body asked Airtel to withdraw or modify their fastest network ad. Upholding the complaint filed by rival Reliance Jio Infocom, the ASCI said that the TV commercial (TVC) was "misleading" and "contravened Chapters" of its code as well as guidelines on disclaimers clauses. "We have advised the advertiser to modify appropriately or to withdraw the said TVC and the website advertisement by April 11, 2017," ASCI said in its order. A bit earlier Baba Ramdev-led brand Patanjali Ayurveda had been engaged in a bitter ad war with competitor Dabur over its honey ad. It has also taken on many other large FMCG brands through its ads. It is not an unusual sight for brands to bad mouth competitors in their ads. We have seen countless times in the past brands waging a war with competitors through their advertisements. For instance, in 2013 Reckitt Benckiser launched Dettol Kitchen cleaning products and created a TV ad which compared the cleaning product to HUL's Vim. HUL took it to Calcutta High Court for a stay order, saying that the ads were not true. But HUL was denied the order. However, HUL hit back with an ad on the front page of leading dailies claiming that Lifebuoy works better than Dettol antiseptic liquid. Hyundai and Maruti Suzuki also saw their rivalry come alive through their ads as Hyundai came out with a marketing campaign in 2012 called 'Trendsetter vs Follower' which claimed that its EON was much superior than Alto 800 of Maruti Suzuki. In 2010, HUL featured a P&G's Tide Natural pack prominently in a Rin commercial saying "Tide se kahin behtar safedi de Rin". Even HUL's Clinc All Clear shampoo ad spoofed P&G's Head & Shoulders product that year. However, while many ads earlier directly showed their rival product or beeped the name, it seems that brands today have become much smarter in the game of ad wars. Take for instance, the recent controversial ads of Airtel and Amul. Both these ads neither mention, beep the name or show the rival products directly. Both of the brands base their ads on proof to back their claim. For instance, Airtel used the Ookla certification to create the ad. While ASCI had disregarded Airtel's claim as it had only submitted Ookla certificate, it did not give the methodology. Similarly, Amul is right in calling itself a real 'ice-cream' as by definition ice-cream is "a soft, sweet frozen food made with milk and cream" and not a frozen deserts which are made with vegetable oil. While not using the competitor product or mentioning the brand name is just common sense, the second way of basing it on proof or fact is a much smarter way for brands to wage ad wars. So while brands get smarter at advertising wars, does it make the job of organisations such as ASCI or the High Courts harder? Shweta Purandare, secretary general of ASCI said, "Not really. ASCI is a 30 year old organisation and the people working in it are those involved in the business of advertising". She said that according to the ASCI Code Chapter 4, brands can make claims against competitors. However, there has to be fairness in the claim against competition, it has to be factually correct and the brand has to able to substantiate its claim. Most importantly, "they should not denigrate other brands," she said. Purandare says that they take tough decisions as they have sector specific exports who analyse these ads. They check the data from both parties thoroughly and look at what kind of testing agencies, research methodologies are used, whether scientific methods are used, where it is published, among others. BROAD-CAST AWAY In 2013, Reckitt Benckiser created a TV ad which compared its kitchen cleaning product to HUL’s Vim HUL, when denied an order in HC, hit back with an ad that claimed Lifebuoy was better than Dettol antiseptic liquid Hyundai came out with a campaign which claimed that its EON was much superior to Alto 800 of Maruti Suzuki In 2010, HUL in an ad said “Tide se kahin behtar safedi de Rin” and also spoofed P&G’s Head & Shoulders Collin Furtado Info Collin Furtado brings with him over 4 years of experience in the financial reporting team. He writes on financial markets, policies, brands, various sectors and advertising.    TOP TOP < DNA Local Edit: Unusual dengue-chikangunya outbreak should be a wake-up call   Comments   Also Read Money Infosys net profit marginally down at Rs 3,603 crore on quarter in Jan-Mar Money Rupee gains 30 paise against dollar in early session Money Validity of Bitcoins: Finance Ministry sets up panel to take stock of virtual currencies Money Amazon India gets RBI nod to operate digital wallet Money Donald Trump jawboning drags dollar, treasuries down, Asia stocks mixed Money Gammon to recast businesses < Previous ArticleNext Article > DNA Local Edit: Unusual dengue-chikangunya outbreak should be a wake-up call Related Gammon to recast businesses Bankruptcy code a blessing for creditors as well as promoters DNA Money Edit: IIP drop underscores need to step up govt spending Video WATCH: This video claims liquor ban won't end drunk driving deaths, this is what will! WATCH: 69-year-old Asian man forcefully dragged off United Airlines, left bleeding WATCH: Safari park visitor screams in shock as a camel pokes its face inside her car View all Tags India Business Report advertising Amul Hindustan Unilever (HUL) Airtel Reliance Jio Advertising Standards Council of India (ASCI) Bombay High Court Maruti Suzuki Hyundai Reckitt Benckiser Dabur Baba Ramdev Patanjali Ayurveda FMCG Shweta Purandare SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News BJP to work in coordination with allies in Goa: Parrikar Rajouri Garden voters annoyed with Jarnail Singh's decision to quit AAP Bhoranj bypoll: BJP candidate Anil Dhiman wins by 8,290 votes CMD of news channel arrested for disturbing communal harmony BJP to work in coordination with allies in Goa: Parrikar Sport Joshna's fight ends in agony in women's World Squash quarters Kohli returns for RCB ahead of IPL clash against MI Kohli returns for RCB ahead of IPL clash against MI SHOWCASE-Soccer-Pogba defends displays, bemoans high expectations Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Thursday, April 13 Entertainment When Chunky thought he wouldn't get a role in 'Begum Jaan' Why Ranbir Kapoor's won half the battle for the Sanjay Dutt biopic! Shaban Azmi is 'very proud' of her 'bachcha' Sonam Kapoor Nat Award for Sonam glorious validation of her talent: Azmi Buffett foundation to unveil plan to help girls of colour Money Link NRI bank accounts to Aadhaar by April 30 to avoid blocking Cottonseed oilcake futures fall by Rs 21 a quintal Mumbai, APR 13 (PTI) Money Market Operations as on Mumbai, APR 13 (PTI) Money Market Operations as on Mumbai, APR 13 (PTI) Money Market Operations as on Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 April 2017 by Military News Quotient to Announce First Quarter 2017 Financial Results on May 2, 2017 MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Quotient Technology Inc. (NYSE: QUOT), a leading digital promotions and media company that connects brands, retailers and shoppers, today announced it will report its financial results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2017, after the market closes on Tuesday, May 2, 2017. Following the release of financials, management will host a conference call to discuss the results at 4:30 p.m. EDT/ 1:30 p.m. PDT. To access the call, please dial (877) 201-0168, or outside the U.S. (647) 788-4901, with Conference ID# 1823085 at least five minutes prior to the 1:30 p.m. PDT start time. A live webcast will be available at http://investors.quotient.com under the Events and Presentations menu. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website following the conference call. About Quotient Technology Inc. Quotient Technology Inc. (NYSE: QUOT) is a leading digital promotion and media company that connects brands, retailers and consumers. We distribute digital coupons and media through a variety of products, including digital paperless coupons, digital printable coupons, coupon codes and card-linked offers. We operate Quotient Retailer iQ™, a digital coupon platform that connects into a retailer’s point-of-sale system and provides targeting and analytics for manufacturers and retailers. Our distribution network includes our flagship site and app, Coupons.com, as well as Grocery iQ™, Shopmium™ and our thousands of publisher partners. We serve hundreds of consumer packaged goods companies, such as Clorox, Procter & Gamble, General Mills and Kellogg’s, as well as top retailers such as Albertsons Companies, CVS, Dollar General, Kroger and Walgreens. Founded in 1998, Quotient is based in Mountain View, Calif. Learn more at Quotient.com, and follow us on Twitter @Quotient. Quotient Technology Inc., Quotient Retailer iQ, Coupons.com, Grocery iQ and Shopmium are trademarks of Quotient Technology Inc. All other marks are owned by their respective owners. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Ellie Mae to Report First Quarter 2017 Results on April 27, 2017 Next PostNext Intevac to Announce First Quarter Results on May 1, 2017 Search Recent Posts Baijiu Industry Sales Outlook to 2021: Top Companies in Market, Trends & Growth Factors and Details for Business Development Bacon Market Sales Segmentation and Analysis by Recent Trends, Development and Growth by Trending Regions 2017 Slide-Staining Systems Market Analysis by Global Segments, Size and Forecast 2017 – 2021 AC Motor Drives Market Sales Overview, Cost Structure Analysis, Growth Opportunities and Forecast to 2021 Malt Whisky Market Research Study including Growth Factors, Types and Application by Regional Geography 2017 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper BS Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               Company Science & Technology News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Companies » News How eBay almost became part of Snapdeal last year Delhi HC cancels clearances for Tata Housing's Chandigarh project Business Standard Detergent prices to rise as chemical duty kicks in Consumers are staring at a second hike in prices of detergents within a fortnight Viveat Susan Pinto  |  Mumbai  April 13, 2017 Last Updated at 00:29 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UUvqDl Photo: Shutterstock ALSO READ Detergent ads make the gender leap GST could lead to 25% price hike for smartphones ITC: Despite price hikes, uncertainty remains high UP hikes cane price by Rs 25/quintal for 2016-17 crushing season Despite price hike, Coal India's average price realisation declines in 2016 Consumers are staring at a second hike in prices of detergents within a fortnight, with the government slapping an anti-dumping duty on a key input in manufacturing detergents. While the first price hike, at the start of the 2017-18 financial year, was done in anticipation of the Goods and Services Tax (GST), the second one will be on account of the duty imposed on linear alkyl benzene (LAB). On Monday, LAB, a chemical that constitutes 70 per cent of a detergent, was slapped with a $50 to $300 a tonne anti-dumping duty on imports from Iran, Qatar and China. In percentage terms, this works out to a five to 27 per cent duty slap on the price of LAB, currently imported at $1,100 a tonne.   Conversations with multiple detergent makers reveal that a price hike of about four to five per cent is in the offing, coming just after the April 1 round of a similar hike. “This matter (slapping an anti-dumping duty) has been rushed through without fully taking into account our point of view," said Sanjay Trivedi, director, Indian Home & Personal Care Industry Association (IHPCIA), the apex body consisting of the country's top detergent makers, such as Hindustan Unilever, Procter & Gamble, and Ghari. “We are looking at all options, including appealing against the move in court,” he added. According to Trivedi, importing LAB is a necessity for detergent makers as there is a shortfall in supply of the input to the tune of 15,000 tonnes a month. “Demand of LAB is 55,000 tonnes a month. Domestic LAB manufacturers make only 40,000 tonnes a month. Detergent makers are left with no option but to import to bridge the shortfall,” he said. The decision to slap the anti-dumping duty was pressed by domestic LAB makers Nirma and Tamil Nadu Petroproducts. Apart from the two, which have 16 per cent each of the domestic LAB market, there are two other LAB makers — Indian Oil Corporation and Reliance Industries — which control a significant share of the market. In its final findings on March 6, the Directorate General of Anti-Dumping and Allied Duties, which functions under the commerce ministry, concluded that there was dumping of the chemical from these three nations and that this was undercutting and suppressing prices of domestic players. “The authority considers it necessary to recommend a definitive anti-dumping duty on imports of the chemical from China, Iran and Qatar,” it said in its findings.   While the IHPCIA did write to the ministry of commerce asking for the final findings to be withdrawn, the duty was eventually slapped. This has come, say sources, a week before a crucial hearing on a writ petition filed in the Delhi High Court by Hindustan Unilever, the country’s largest detergent maker, in the matter. Anti-dumping safeguard duty  Who gains Chemical makers: Nirma, Tamilnadu Petroproducts, Indian Oil Corporation, Reliance Industries Who loses Detergent makers: HUL, P&G, Ghari, and more, as well as consumers  Read More On Detergent | Detergent Price | Detergent Price Hike | Business News | Companies | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Book an amazing Aussie holiday now! Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Enhance Your Negotiation Skills with MIT Faculty. FREE* Lifetime Demat Account. Premium SMS Advisory Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day Lavish 3 & 4 BHK in Khar, Mumbai @ 6.9 Cr* Onwards Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Go Cashless, buy Health Insurance Online Luxury 3 & 4 BHK in BKC, Mumbai @ 6.4 Cr* Onwards Learn Negotiation Strategies and Tactics from MIT New to investing in shares? Club ITC - 25% earnings on dining at ITC Hotels FREE* Demat Account & Flat 20% Off on Brokerage. A guide to creating a retirement budget -Business Standard New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Detergent prices to rise as chemical duty kicks in Consumers are staring at a second hike in prices of detergents within a fortnight Consumers are staring at a second hike in prices of detergents within a fortnight Consumers are staring at a second hike in prices of detergents within a fortnight, with the government slapping an anti-dumping duty on a key input in manufacturing detergents. While the first price hike, at the start of the 2017-18 financial year, was done in anticipation of the Goods and Services Tax (GST), the second one will be on account of the duty imposed on linear alkyl benzene (LAB). On Monday, LAB, a chemical that constitutes 70 per cent of a detergent, was slapped with a $50 to $300 a tonne anti-dumping duty on imports from Iran, Qatar and China. In percentage terms, this works out to a five to 27 per cent duty slap on the price of LAB, currently imported at $1,100 a tonne.   Conversations with multiple detergent makers reveal that a price hike of about four to five per cent is in the offing, coming just after the April 1 round of a similar hike. “This matter (slapping an anti-dumping duty) has been rushed through without fully taking into account our point of view," said Sanjay Trivedi, director, Indian Home & Personal Care Industry Association (IHPCIA), the apex body consisting of the country's top detergent makers, such as Hindustan Unilever, Procter & Gamble, and Ghari. “We are looking at all options, including appealing against the move in court,” he added. According to Trivedi, importing LAB is a necessity for detergent makers as there is a shortfall in supply of the input to the tune of 15,000 tonnes a month. “Demand of LAB is 55,000 tonnes a month. Domestic LAB manufacturers make only 40,000 tonnes a month. Detergent makers are left with no option but to import to bridge the shortfall,” he said. The decision to slap the anti-dumping duty was pressed by domestic LAB makers Nirma and Tamil Nadu Petroproducts. Apart from the two, which have 16 per cent each of the domestic LAB market, there are two other LAB makers — Indian Oil Corporation and Reliance Industries — which control a significant share of the market. In its final findings on March 6, the Directorate General of Anti-Dumping and Allied Duties, which functions under the commerce ministry, concluded that there was dumping of the chemical from these three nations and that this was undercutting and suppressing prices of domestic players. “The authority considers it necessary to recommend a definitive anti-dumping duty on imports of the chemical from China, Iran and Qatar,” it said in its findings.   While the IHPCIA did write to the ministry of commerce asking for the final findings to be withdrawn, the duty was eventually slapped. This has come, say sources, a week before a crucial hearing on a writ petition filed in the Delhi High Court by Hindustan Unilever, the country’s largest detergent maker, in the matter. Anti-dumping safeguard duty  Who gains Chemical makers: Nirma, Tamilnadu Petroproducts, Indian Oil Corporation, Reliance Industries Who loses Detergent makers: HUL, P&G, Ghari, and more, as well as consumers  Viveat Susan Pinto Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Detergent prices to rise as chemical duty kicks in Consumers are staring at a second hike in prices of detergents within a fortnight Consumers are staring at a second hike in prices of detergents within a fortnight, with the government slapping an anti-dumping duty on a key input in manufacturing detergents. While the first price hike, at the start of the 2017-18 financial year, was done in anticipation of the Goods and Services Tax (GST), the second one will be on account of the duty imposed on linear alkyl benzene (LAB). On Monday, LAB, a chemical that constitutes 70 per cent of a detergent, was slapped with a $50 to $300 a tonne anti-dumping duty on imports from Iran, Qatar and China. In percentage terms, this works out to a five to 27 per cent duty slap on the price of LAB, currently imported at $1,100 a tonne.   Conversations with multiple detergent makers reveal that a price hike of about four to five per cent is in the offing, coming just after the April 1 round of a similar hike. “This matter (slapping an anti-dumping duty) has been rushed through without fully taking into account our point of view," said Sanjay Trivedi, director, Indian Home & Personal Care Industry Association (IHPCIA), the apex body consisting of the country's top detergent makers, such as Hindustan Unilever, Procter & Gamble, and Ghari. “We are looking at all options, including appealing against the move in court,” he added. According to Trivedi, importing LAB is a necessity for detergent makers as there is a shortfall in supply of the input to the tune of 15,000 tonnes a month. “Demand of LAB is 55,000 tonnes a month. Domestic LAB manufacturers make only 40,000 tonnes a month. Detergent makers are left with no option but to import to bridge the shortfall,” he said. The decision to slap the anti-dumping duty was pressed by domestic LAB makers Nirma and Tamil Nadu Petroproducts. Apart from the two, which have 16 per cent each of the domestic LAB market, there are two other LAB makers — Indian Oil Corporation and Reliance Industries — which control a significant share of the market. In its final findings on March 6, the Directorate General of Anti-Dumping and Allied Duties, which functions under the commerce ministry, concluded that there was dumping of the chemical from these three nations and that this was undercutting and suppressing prices of domestic players. “The authority considers it necessary to recommend a definitive anti-dumping duty on imports of the chemical from China, Iran and Qatar,” it said in its findings.   While the IHPCIA did write to the ministry of commerce asking for the final findings to be withdrawn, the duty was eventually slapped. This has come, say sources, a week before a crucial hearing on a writ petition filed in the Delhi High Court by Hindustan Unilever, the country’s largest detergent maker, in the matter. Anti-dumping safeguard duty  Who gains Chemical makers: Nirma, Tamilnadu Petroproducts, Indian Oil Corporation, Reliance Industries Who loses Detergent makers: HUL, P&G, Ghari, and more, as well as consumers  Viveat Susan Pinto Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 April 2017 by Military News Tom Jones, Managing Director at Alvarez & Marsal, Joins Star Mountain as Senior Advisor I look forward to creating value for Star Mountain, its investors and portfolio companies by leveraging my industry experience and relationships to help businesses both maximize and protect value.” — Tom Jones NEW YORK, NY, USA, April 12, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Star Mountain Capital, LLC („Star Mountain”), a specialized alternative asset manager focused exclusively on the large and underserved U.S. lower middle-market (generally companies with between $10 million and $150 million in annual revenues), is pleased to announce that Thomas (“Tom”) L. Jones has joined as a strategic personal investor and Senior Advisor to help add value in both growing and protecting Star Mountain’s portfolio companies leveraging his 30+ years of lending, advisory, and restructuring experience. Mr. Jones is currently a Managing Director at Alvarez & Marsal (A&M), a leading restructuring and due diligence advisory firm. Highlights of his career at A&M include leading the liquidation of Lehman Brothers’ $14.5 billion portfolio in Asia. Prior to A&M, his distinguished career at JP Morgan includes Head of Corporate Lending in the U.S., a member of the Credit Policy Committee and Head of four industry groups within Mergers & Acquisitions (M&A). Mr. Jones has had a distinguished 30-year career in investment banking. He spent 20 years at JP Morgan, where he initially specialized in leveraged lending. Mr. Jones completed the firm’s first leveraged buyout (LBO) loan and private equity investment, a financing which led to the creation of JP Morgan Capital. He later became head of Corporate Lending in the U.S. and a member of the firm’s Credit Policy Committee. Mr. Jones then joined the M&A Department and became head of four industry groups – telecom, media, high-tech, and aerospace/defense, with responsibility for both investment banking and M&A. He later worked at both Salomon Brothers and Credit Suisse First Boston, where he had senior investment banking coverage responsibility for both large cap and emerging telecom companies. Mr. Jones graduated with high honors from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill (UNC). He started his career at Procter & Gamble and then returned to UNC to earn an M.B.A. from the Kenan-Flagler School of Business, where he later served on the Board of Visitors for 15 years. Mr. Jones completed the Corporate Finance Management course at Harvard Business School in 1986 and later was a guest lecturer at both Harvard’s Advanced Management Program (AMP) and the Kenan-Flagler School of Business. Mr. Jones earned a master’s degree in American Studies from Columbia University and is an instrument-rated pilot. Mr. Jones has served on the Board of Visitors of UNC, the boards of both Outward Bound U.S.A. and New York City Outward Bound, and the board of the Gladney Center, the nation’s oldest adoption agency. Mr. Jones currently serves on the board of Camplex, Inc., a private medical equipment company, and is a member of the board of The National Humanities Center. “Tom provides valuable industry knowledge and restructuring expertise that will further help Star Mountain’s underwriting analysis and strategic, value-added operating capabilities as an aligned advisor”, said Brett Hickey, Founder & CEO of Star Mountain. “Our team is pleased to have a second senior professional from A&M join our advisory board alongside our longstanding partner and friend, David Javdan who was formerly on the investment committee of the U.S. Government SBIC program and General Counsel of the SBA.” “I am looking forward to creating value for Star Mountain, its investors and portfolio companies by leveraging my industry experience, relationships, and workout experience to help businesses both maximize and protect value”, said Tom Jones. “Having many common relationships with the Star Mountain team and seeing their vision come through to fruition in building a differentiated platform to source, analyze and add strategic value to U.S. small and medium-sized businesses, I am excited to help Star Mountain create economic value for shareholders and the U.S. economy.” ABOUT STAR MOUNTAIN Investing in the Growth Engine of America ® – Star Mountain Capital is a specialized lower middle-market asset management firm. It has a differentiated business model and “Collaborative Ecosystem” including its three-channel approach to investing into small and medium-sized businesses via Direct Investments, Strategic Primary Fund Investments and Secondary Fund Investments. Star Mountain Charitable Foundation is a not-for-profit 501(c)(3) focusing its charitable activities on improving lives via a focus on Health & Wellness (including Cancer Research) and Economic Development, including Job Creation and on-the-job learning through Internships. Lauren Cooper Star Mountain Capital 646-787-0275 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Mechel to Supply China’s Baosteel Resources With Nearly One Million Tonnes of Coking Coal Next PostNext Anaerobic Digesters Market Share, Growth by Top Company, Geographical Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecast from 2017-2021 Search Recent Posts Global Fixed Capacitor Market Research Report 2017 Global High-Frequency Bypass Capacitor Market Research Report 2017 Global High-Voltage Lamp UV Disinfection Equipment Market Research Report 2017 Battery Management IC Market (5.09%) CAGR to 2021 What are the major factors challenging the growth of Europe Commercial Aircraft Flight Control System Market and how can them be addressed through the forecast period. Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 April 2017 by Military News Veterinary Vaccines Market & Pet Food Industry by Types, Regions, Key Players & 2021 Forecast Report   View as PDF  Print View    OrbisResearch.com has added „Veterinary Vaccines: Global Market Intelligence (2012-2021)” and „Pet Food: Global Market Intelligence (2012-2021)” to its research database. Dallas, United States – April 12, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ — The report „Veterinary Vaccines: Global Market Intelligence (2012-2021)” provides market intelligence on the different market segments, based on type, species, sales channel, and geography. Market size and forecast (2012-2021) has been provided in the report. The primary objectives of this report are to provide 1) comprehensive global market intelligence through detailed segmentation, 2) market size and forecasts, growth rates, market dynamics, industry structure and developments, market situation, trends, 3) detailed analysis of current dynamics and trends, key market players, and strategies in the market, 4) detailed value chain analysis and review of growth factors essential for the existing market players and new entrants, 5) provide emerging opportunities in the market and the future impact of major drivers and restraints of the market and, 6) support decision makers in making cost-effective business decisions. KEY FINDINGS FROM THE REPORT – The global veterinary vaccines market is expected to grow at a CAGR of more than 5% from 2017 to 2021. – The USA, Canada, Ireland, India, and France are the leading countries in veterinary vaccines market. – The key players in this market are Zoetis, Elanco, Ceva, Merck, Merial, Boehringer Ingelheim, Bayer, and Virbac among many others. – Sprout Intelligence expert team estimated that the global Veterinary Vaccines market in 2016 was worth more than USD 5 billion. RESEARCH METHODOLOGY In our market size and forecast determination efforts, an extensive secondary research was initially completed to gain a good perspective of the market in each region. Extensive primary research was also carried out by interviewing the key executives from the industry. These interviews helped us to fill-in the data gaps after secondary research. Several secondary sources such as encyclopedia, directories, and databases have been used to identify and collect information useful for this extensive techno-commercial study. The respondents- selected experts from manufacturers and selected suppliers – have been interviewed to obtain and verify critical information as well as to assess the future prospects. The usage of obtained information is based on the perceived reliability by the research team. In many cases, a combination of several sources was used. Sprout Intelligence provides an in-depth analysis of the market segmentation, which is a critical element of the market intelligence reports at Sprout Intelligence. Request a sample @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/246960 . KEY AUDIENCE Executives in marketing, strategic planning and new product development will find such discussions in our reports pertinent and useful. Management consultants, investment bankers, manufacturers, distributors, suppliers, and regulatory authorities are amongst our regular clientele served. DATA SOURCES The general data sources used in this report are company websites, trade association publications, regulatory authorities, journals, magazines, news websites, press releases, media publications, interaction with industry experts, company executives, research papers, articles, patents, scientific literature, among many others. The report „Pet Food: Global Market Intelligence (2012-2021)” provides market intelligence on the different market segments, based on type, form, and geography. Market size and forecast (2012-2021) has been provided in the report. The primary objectives of this report are to provide 1) comprehensive global market intelligence through detailed segmentation, 2) market size and forecasts, growth rates, market dynamics, industry structure and developments, market situation, trends, 3) detailed analysis of current dynamics and trends, key market players, and strategies in the market, 4) detailed value chain analysis and review of growth factors essential for the existing market players and new entrants, 5) provide emerging opportunities in the market and the future impact of major drivers and restraints of the market and, 6) support decision makers in making cost-effective business decisions. RESEARCH METHODOLOGY In our market size and forecast determination efforts, an extensive secondary research was initially completed to gain a good perspective of the market in each region. Extensive primary research was also carried out by interviewing the key executives from the industry. These interviews helped us to fill-in the data gaps after secondary research. Several secondary sources such as encyclopedia, directories, and databases have been used to identify and collect information useful for this extensive techno-commercial study. The respondents – selected experts from manufacturers and selected suppliers – have been interviewed to obtain and verify critical information as well as to assess the future prospects. The usage of obtained information is based on the perceived reliability by the research team. In many cases, a combination of several sources was used. Sprout Intelligence provides an in-depth analysis of the market segmentation, which is a critical element of the market intelligence reports at Sprout Intelligence. Request a sample @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/246954 . KEY AUDIENCE Executives in marketing, strategic planning and new product development will find such discussions in our reports pertinent and useful. Management consultants, investment bankers, manufacturers, distributors, suppliers, and regulatory authorities are amongst our regular clientele served. DATA SOURCES The general data sources used in this report are company websites, trade association publications, regulatory authorities, journals, magazines, news websites, press releases, media publications, interaction with industry experts, company executives, research papers, articles, patents, scientific literature, among many others. KEY FINDINGS FROM THE REPORT – The global pet food market is expected to grow at a CAGR of more than 4% from 2017 to 2021. – The USA, UK, Japan, Germany, and Netherlands are the leading countries in pet food market. – The key players in this market are Del Monte Foods, Procter & Gamble, Nestl�, Mars, and Colgate-Palmolive among many others. – Sprout Intelligence expert team estimated that the global pet food market in 2016 was worth more than USD 70 billion. About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Info: Name: Hector Costello Organization: Orbis Research Address: 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600 Phone: +1 (214) 884-6817 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/veterinary-vaccines-market-pet-food-industry-by-types-regions-key-players-2021-forecast-report/185695 For more information, please visit http://www.orbisresearch.com/ Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 185695 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Global Property Management Software Market by Type, Technology Used, Services, Platform, Deployment, Mode of Solutions, Geography, Applications and Forecast to 2021 (Wed 12th Apr 17) Global Virgin Coconut Oil Market 2017 Industry Trends, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast to 2021 (Wed 12th Apr 17) VoLTE (Voice over LTE) Ecosystem Global Market to Reach $200 Billion and Growing at a CAGR of 34% by 2030 (Wed 12th Apr 17) Connected Car Ecosystem 2017 Global Market Accounted to $14 Billion and Forecast to 2030 (Wed 12th Apr 17) Mobile Phone Insurance Global Market to Reach $48 Billion and Growing at a CAGR of 10% by 2020 (Wed 12th Apr 17) CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Property Management Software Market by Type, Technology Used, Services, Platform, Deployment, Mode of Solutions, Geography, Applications and Forecast to 2021 Next PostNext Continuously Variable Transmissions (CVT) Market Overview, Industry Top Manufactures, Market Size, Industry Growth Analysis & Forecast: 2022 Search Recent Posts Automated Fare Collection (AFC) Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Port Hills fires insured losses $18m Whanganui February Tourism Numbers Buck the Trend Automotive Ultra capacitor Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Are Escalator Injuries More Common Than You Realize? NYC Personal Injury Lawyer Discusses Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 April 2017 by Military News United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia Online Beauty and Personal Care Market Size, Status and Forecast 2021 This report studies the global Online Beauty and Personal Care market, analyzes and researches the Online Beauty and Personal Care development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market, like Amazon Estee Lauder L’Oreal Procter & Gamble Sephora Drugstore eBay Groupon JCPenney Kroger Macy’s StrawberryNET Target ULTA Beauty Walmart Fill the form for an exclusive sample of this report @ www.qyresearchreports.com/sample/sample.php?rep_id=842709… Market segment by Regions/Countries, this report covers United States EU Japan China India Southeast Asia Market segment by Application, Online Beauty and Personal Care can be split into Application 1 Application 2 Application 3 Table of Contents United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia Online Beauty and Personal Care Market Size, Status and Forecast 2021 1 Industry Overview of Online Beauty and Personal Care 1.1 Online Beauty and Personal Care Market Overview 1.1.1 Online Beauty and Personal Care Product Scope 1.1.2 Market Status and Outlook 1.2 Global Online Beauty and Personal Care Market Size and Analysis by Regions 1.2.1 United States 1.2.2 EU 1.2.3 Japan 1.2.4 China 1.2.5 India 1.2.6 Southeast Asia 1.3 Online Beauty and Personal Care Market by End Users/Application 1.3.1 Application 1 1.3.2 Application 2 1.3.3 Application 3 Obtain Report Details @ www.qyresearchreports.com/report/united-states-eu-japan-c… 2 Global Online Beauty and Personal Care Competition Analysis by Players 2.1 Online Beauty and Personal Care Market Size (Value) by Players (2015-2016) 2.2 Competitive Status and Trend 2.2.1 Market Concentration Rate 2.2.2 Product/Service Differences 2.2.3 New Entrants 2.2.4 The Technology Trends in Future 3 Company (Top Players) Profiles 3.1 Amazon 3.1.1 Company Profile 3.1.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.1.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.1.4 Online Beauty and Personal Care Revenue (Value) (2011-2016) 3.1.5 Recent Developments 3.2 Estee Lauder 3.2.1 Company Profile 3.2.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.2.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.2.4 Online Beauty and Personal Care Revenue (Value) (2011-2016) 3.2.5 Recent Developments 3.3 L’Oreal 3.3.1 Company Profile 3.3.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.3.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.3.4 Online Beauty and Personal Care Revenue (Value) (2011-2016) 3.3.5 Recent Developments 3.4 Procter & Gamble 3.4.1 Company Profile 3.4.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.4.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.4.4 Online Beauty and Personal Care Revenue (Value) (2011-2016) 3.4.5 Recent Developments 3.5 Sephora 3.5.1 Company Profile 3.5.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.5.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.5.4 Online Beauty and Personal Care Revenue (Value) (2011-2016) 3.5.5 Recent Developments 3.6 Drugstore 3.6.1 Company Profile 3.6.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.6.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.6.4 Online Beauty and Personal Care Revenue (Value) (2011-2016) 3.6.5 Recent Developments 3.7 eBay 3.7.1 Company Profile 3.7.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.7.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.7.4 Online Beauty and Personal Care Revenue (Value) (2011-2016) 3.7.5 Recent Developments QYResearchReports.com is an unimpeachable source of market research data for clients that comprise acclaimed SMEs, Chinese companies, private equity firms, and MNCs. We provide market research reports on various categories such as Energy, Chemicals, Alternative and Green Energy, Manufacturing, Machinery, Pharmaceuticals and Materials, and Glass. QYResearchReports Contact Us 1820 Avenue M Suite #1047 Brooklyn, NY 11230 United States Toll Free: 866-997-4948 (USA-CANADA) Tel: +1-518-621-2074 Web: www.qyresearchreports.com Email: sales@qyresearchreports.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsIT, New Media & Software Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Analysis of Global Medical Breathable Tape Production, Supply, Sales and Market Status 2017 Next PostNext Neurosurgical Navigation Systems Market Production and Consumption Forecast 2017- GE Healthcare, Medtronic Search Recent Posts IDEC Acquires APEM Market Survey Analysis: Europe X-ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy (XPS) Market Report 2017 TV White Space Spectrum Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Fungicides Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Lactic Acid Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 April 2017 by Military News Now Available: Global Professional Skincare Market 2017-2021 Boston, MA — (SBWIRE) — 04/12/2017 — Based on the target market and product pricing, the beauty products industry can be divided into two broad categories: mass beauty care and premium beauty care. While the mass category is targeted at the middle- and lower-income class (C, C-/D+, and D/E class) population, the premium category is targeted at the upper-income class (A/B and C+) or affluent class of the population. Technavio’s analysts forecast the global professional skincare market to grow at a CAGR of 6.37% during the period 2017-2021. Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global professional skincare market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sales of professional skincare products. Get More Details on this Report and a Full Table of Contents at Global Professional Skincare Market 2017-2021 The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: -Americas -APAC -Europe -MEA Technavio’s report, Global Professional Skincare Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors -Beiersdorf -L’Oréal -Procter & Gamble (P&G) -Shiseido -Unilever Other prominent vendors -Clarins -Guinot -Obagi -SkinMedica Market driver -High penetration of different types of distribution channels -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge -Product compliance, safety, toxicity, and efficacy -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend -Growing popularity of professional at-home treatment products and kits -For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report -What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? -What are the key market trends? -What is driving this market? -What are the challenges to market growth? -Who are the key vendors in this market space? -What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? -What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? You can request one free hour of our analyst’s time when you purchase this market report. Details are provided within the report. Companies Mentioned in this Report: Beiersdorf, L’Oréal, Procter & Gamble (P&G), Shiseido, Unilever, Clarins, Guinot, Obagi, SkinMedic About Fast Market Research Fast Market Research is a leading distributor of market research and business information. Representing the world’s top research publishers and analysts, we provide quick and easy access to the best competitive intelligence available. Our unbiased, expert staff is always available to help you find the right research to fit your requirements and your budget. For more information about these or related research reports, please visit our website at http://www.fastmr.com or call us at 1.800.844.8156. Browse all Consumer Goods research reports at Fast Market Research You may also be interested in these related reports: –Global Skincare –Global Professional Haircare Market 2016-2020 –Global Cosmeceuticals Market 2017-2021 –Global Skincare Market: News and Events March 2016 –Global Facial Care (Skincare) Market – Outlook to 2020: Market Size, Growth and Forecast Analytics CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Market Report, „Global Artificial Grass Turf Market 2017-2021”, Published Next PostNext „Global LTE Base Station Market 2017-2021” Is Now Available at Fast Market Research Search Recent Posts Lactic Acid Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Global Ship Lease Files its Annual Report on Form 20-F Enjoy local lamb this Easter Specialty Chemicals Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Eight recipients honored with the 2017 AIA/ALA Library Building Awards Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports All-America Economic Survey My Success Story CNBC Upstart 25 Modern Medicine Iconic Tour Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities SXSW Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Marketing Media Money Marketers: This tech company says it knows whether your branded content actually works Lucy Handley 20 Hours Ago SHARES First there was advertising, which promoted messages brands paid for, then there was PR, which got a business "free" coverage in the press. Now, there is a hybrid of the two, where companies are writing their own stories, creating their own TV programs and putting "native" posts on social media. These are all labeled as being paid for by a brand, but they look like editorial content. Companies in the U.S. are so keen on this type of marketing that 73 percent of marketers said creating more engaging content was a top priority for 2016, according to statistics from the Content Marketing Institute, which surveyed more than 260 people online. And they are spending big too; consultancy BCG expects US marketers to spend $25 billion on branded content in 2019. But the one problem with branded content is that it can be hard to understand how consumers feel about it and what competitors are doing. Enter Knowledge, a new search engine for branded content, from technology company Knotch, which counts GE and JP Morgan Chase among its clients. Knotch Businesses can search for competitors' content online "The question is: How much content is too much content?" said Knotch founder and Chief Executive Anda Gansca, speaking to CNBC by phone. "Especially in an age where we are all oversaturated with entertainment and information, branded content is just adding to that. So we started thinking what type of product could we build to answer that question." The new tool recognizes pieces of branded content on publishers' websites, collects them together and lets marketers search through them. "You can actually create a competitive group - here are the brands competing for the same demographic that I'm after, I'm going to follow them and see how much content are they pushing out a day, a week, a month, who are they working with, what creative themes are they focused on, and what is the cadence of content," Gansca added. Businesses will also be able to tell which publishers brands prefer to work with, as well as whether the articles are part of a syndication deal or have been written specifically for a particular site. Knotch Knotch provides a 'search engine' for branded content But the issue of measurement goes beyond comparing a business to its competitors. How does a brand know whether its content is being read or enjoyed? Publishers may produce figures, but this isn't enough, according to Gansca. "There are a lot of transparency issues around data reporting, namely that a lot of the distribution channels are basically grading their own homework, the data reporting was less up to them. So there was a need around data [marketers] can trust," she said. Reporting and transparency are currently big issues in the marketing industry, with online ad fraud (where bots, rather than humans "see" or click on ads) estimated to cost businesses $16.4 billion this year. Procter and Gamble Chief Brand Officer Marc Pritchard has been particularly outspoken about how the company had sometimes been distracted by new digital marketing methods which didn't always work, and has told media suppliers they have until the end of the year to become "transparent, clean and productive." To help companies understand the impact of their content online, Knotch created a product called Measurement, a research method to understand how people reading articles respond to them, so brands can collect "sentiment data". One company using Knotch's tools is GE, a business that has invested in its own content platform, GE Reports (a recent post from @GE_Reports is below), which includes articles both about what the company is doing ("Lettuce see the future: LED lighting helps farming go high-tech in Japan," was read by more than a million people, according to agency Contently), as well as pieces such as "Five coolest things on earth this week." TWEET Chief creative officer Andy Goldberg says this investment in content is part of GE's long-term plan. "GE is investing in branded content because we believe storytelling around innovation is one of the most meaningful and relatable ways to convey our leadership. This is especially important as GE transforms into a digital industrial company. "And, as this transformation is our critical mission, overall sentiment and understanding is what we are most curious to measure," he told CNBC via email. It is using Knotch's technology to "understand the value of paid content and make smarter, more informed investment decisions," he added. Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 April 2017 by Military News SmarTech Issues New 3D Printing Report That Projects Bioprinting Revenues to Reach $1.1 billion in Revenues in 2027     CHARLOTTESVILLE, VA, April 12, 2017 /24-7PressRelease/ — SmarTech Publishing, the leading industry analyst firm in the 3DP/ additive manufacturing market has just issued a new report titled, „Bioprinting Markets: Materials, Equipment and Applications, 2017 to 2027„. In this report, the firm projects that bioprinting will reach $1.1 billion in revenues by 2027. Further details of this report including a detailed description, table of content and excerpt can be found at: https://www.smartechpublishing.com/reports/bioprinting-markets-materi … 2027-an-op. Members of the press can receive an executive summary and schedule an interview with the report’s author, Davide Sher, Senior Industry Analyst at SmarTech. About the Report: The report identifies the most commercially important technologies, materials and applications for bioprinting. It includes ten-year forecasts of bioprinting materials, hardware and applications, along with granular information on current pricing for both bioprinters and printing materials. The report also provides information on which companies and institutions are using bioprinters today and which printers they are using. The report was compiled after extensive interviewing of key executives in the industry. Profiles of leading bioprinting firms including: EnvisionTEC, RegenHU, Organovo, Regenovo, Poietis, Cyfuse, CELLINK, Biobots, Rokit, Bioink Solutions, 3D Bioprinting Solutions, Advanced Biomatrix, Aspect Biosystems, Nano3D Biosciences, and Tissue Regeneration Systems. There is also an analysis of the diverse market for „bioinks.” materials, which include polymers, ceramics, cells, cell aggregates, peptides, growth factors, hydrogels, scaffold components, and others. From the Report: – Although, the leading professional bioprinter firms themselves are today often small. (See attached chart), major multinationals now have bioprinting programs. Such firms include Astellas Pharma, Bristol-Meyers Squibb, Merck, Novartis, Procter and Gamble and Roche. By 2027, SmarTech believes there will be over 5,000 bioprinting systems installed worldwide. – Another driver for bioprinting going forward will be the growing availability of low-cost bioprinters systems. Systems under $20,000 will enable bioprinting to be much more widely used both in industry and in smaller academic institutions. These will enable the creation of entirely new services in much the same way that low-cost gene splicing machines have done. – Although currently a niche sector, bioprinting will take off rapidly in the next few years as today’s trials turn into commercial applications. SmarTech anticipates a rush to fund bioprinting startups as sales of bioprinters will double between 2016 and 2021. Firms seeking to establish a foothold in this emerging market are turning up both R&D and market development activity. – While RegenHu and EnvisionTEC currently represent over 50% of the professional bioprinting market, SmarTech sees this situation about to change as more firms enter the space. There is potential for innovative forms to thrive and possibly dislodge either or both current industry leaders. – Although new bioprinting applications will likely emerge, the majority of bioprinting revenues will come from drug discovery, cosmetics testing, and tissue regeneration. These three applications will account for more than 90 percent of the revenues in the bioprinting segment over the next decade. To Purchase or Enquire About This Report: missy@smartechpublishing.com Press Contact: Lawrence Gasman lawrence@smartechpublishing.com About SmarTech Publishing: Since 2013 we have published reports on important business opportunities in 3D printing/additive manufacturing sector. SmarTech is the leading industry analyst firm providing coverage in this sector. Our client roster includes the largest 3D printer firms, materials firms and investors. CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious miEdge Taps Industry Sales Veteran Chris Arcoleo as Vice President National Accounts Next PostNext Entrepreneurship is More Important in the Age of Automation, Says Akashic Ventures Search Recent Posts Employer in fatal Boston trench collapse did not provide safety training and basic safeguards for employees, OSHA finds John McAfee Provides Update on MGT Sentinel Spike Lee, Jenn Shaw and Ignition Creative’s „$15 Kicks” Selected as Finalist at Cannes Film Festival BBB Warning: IRS May Call You After All; Some Taxpayer Debts Assigned to Private Collection Agencies Curtis Walker Joins Moran & Company as Partner in the Southeast Office Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Member LoginRegister New Account My 24-7 Press Release Account Media Desk for Journalists, Bloggers & Readers Products & Services Press Release Distribution Pricing & Distribution Plans Why Choose 24-7 Press Release? Where Does Your News Go? Take a Tour Editorial/Submission Guidelines Press Release Writing Writing Services Agency PReferred Program What is Agency PReferred Become an Agency PReferred Client News Releases Select News Type Today's News News by Industry News with Video Search News News by Date News Releases 2017 News Releases 2016 News Releases 2015 News Releases 2014 News by RSS RSS Feed Top News Industry Arts & Entertainment Business Computer Consumer Education Environment Fashion Home & Family Home & Garden Industry Internet Law & Legal Lifestyle Medical Sports Technology Media Desk Journalists, bloggers, and readers can now access our exclusive Media Desk for enhanced, personalized news searching and tracking. Partners Become a Syndication Partner Real-Time News Content Hosted Content Delivery Solutions News Widget RSS Host Content on Your Server FTP/XML Data Feed Apply Now Knowledge Base FAQ We have all answers to your questions about our products and services. VIDEOS Watch our videos to learn about what we have to offer. ARTICLES Our articles will guide you in writing attractive and successful press releases. DOCUMENTS View our help documents for tips and resources. Company About Us About 24-7 Press Release Executive Team Clients Newsletter Newsletter Sign-Up Affiliate Program Become an Affiliate What's New Newsroom Blog Testimonials What Our Customers Say Submit a Testimonial Toll Free Telephone 1-888-880-9539 Hours of Business M-F 8:30am - 5:00pm PST Follow Us Through Social Media All Press Releases for April 12, 2017 » Email This Story Printer Friendly PDF Version RSS Feed SmarTech Issues New 3D Printing Report That Projects Bioprinting Revenues to Reach $1.1 billion in Revenues in 2027 Report includes ten-year forecasts of bioprinting materials, hardware and applications, along with granular information on current pricing for both bioprinters and printing materials. SmarTech anticipates a rush to fund bioprinting startups as sales of bioprinters will double between 2016 and 2021.     CHARLOTTESVILLE, VA, April 12, 2017 /24-7PressRelease/ -- SmarTech Publishing, the leading industry analyst firm in the 3DP/ additive manufacturing market has just issued a new report titled, "Bioprinting Markets: Materials, Equipment and Applications, 2017 to 2027". In this report, the firm projects that bioprinting will reach $1.1 billion in revenues by 2027. Further details of this report including a detailed description, table of content and excerpt can be found at: https://www.smartechpublishing.com/reports/bioprinting-markets-materi ... 2027-an-op. Members of the press can receive an executive summary and schedule an interview with the report's author, Davide Sher, Senior Industry Analyst at SmarTech. About the Report: The report identifies the most commercially important technologies, materials and applications for bioprinting. It includes ten-year forecasts of bioprinting materials, hardware and applications, along with granular information on current pricing for both bioprinters and printing materials. The report also provides information on which companies and institutions are using bioprinters today and which printers they are using. The report was compiled after extensive interviewing of key executives in the industry. Profiles of leading bioprinting firms including: EnvisionTEC, RegenHU, Organovo, Regenovo, Poietis, Cyfuse, CELLINK, Biobots, Rokit, Bioink Solutions, 3D Bioprinting Solutions, Advanced Biomatrix, Aspect Biosystems, Nano3D Biosciences, and Tissue Regeneration Systems. There is also an analysis of the diverse market for "bioinks." materials, which include polymers, ceramics, cells, cell aggregates, peptides, growth factors, hydrogels, scaffold components, and others. From the Report: - Although, the leading professional bioprinter firms themselves are today often small. (See attached chart), major multinationals now have bioprinting programs. Such firms include Astellas Pharma, Bristol-Meyers Squibb, Merck, Novartis, Procter and Gamble and Roche. By 2027, SmarTech believes there will be over 5,000 bioprinting systems installed worldwide. - Another driver for bioprinting going forward will be the growing availability of low-cost bioprinters systems. Systems under $20,000 will enable bioprinting to be much more widely used both in industry and in smaller academic institutions. These will enable the creation of entirely new services in much the same way that low-cost gene splicing machines have done. - Although currently a niche sector, bioprinting will take off rapidly in the next few years as today's trials turn into commercial applications. SmarTech anticipates a rush to fund bioprinting startups as sales of bioprinters will double between 2016 and 2021. Firms seeking to establish a foothold in this emerging market are turning up both R&D and market development activity. - While RegenHu and EnvisionTEC currently represent over 50% of the professional bioprinting market, SmarTech sees this situation about to change as more firms enter the space. There is potential for innovative forms to thrive and possibly dislodge either or both current industry leaders. - Although new bioprinting applications will likely emerge, the majority of bioprinting revenues will come from drug discovery, cosmetics testing, and tissue regeneration. These three applications will account for more than 90 percent of the revenues in the bioprinting segment over the next decade. To Purchase or Enquire About This Report: missy@smartechpublishing.com Press Contact: Lawrence Gasman lawrence@smartechpublishing.com About SmarTech Publishing: Since 2013 we have published reports on important business opportunities in 3D printing/additive manufacturing sector. SmarTech is the leading industry analyst firm providing coverage in this sector. Our client roster includes the largest 3D printer firms, materials firms and investors. # # # Comment on this story... Share This Story Contact Information Missy Wade SmarTech Markets Publishing LLC Charlottesville, VA United States Voice: 434-872-9008 E-Mail: Email Us Here Website: Visit Our Website Follow Us: Like This Story? I like it! 0 Tweets Disclaimer If you have any questions regarding information in this press release, please contact the person listed in the contact module of this page. Please do not attempt to contact 24-7 Press Release Newswire. We are unable to assist you with any information regarding this release. 24-7 Press Release Newswire disclaims any content contained in this press release. Please see our complete Terms of Service disclaimer for more information. Pricing & Distribution Agency PReferred Program Syndicate Our News News Widget RSS Feeds Affiliate Program About Us Contact Us Today's News News by Industry FAQs Testimonials Business Directory Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Connect with 24-7 Press Release: Accelerate Business Exposure with 24-7 Press Release Service. © 2004-2017 24-7Pressrelease.com. All Rights Reserved.
04132017Headline: Recent Updates Middleware Messaging Market, Shares, Strategies and Forecasts, Worldwide, 2013 to 2019 3 mins ago Weigh Modules Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor 12 mins ago Weight Indicators Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor 14 mins ago 1,4-Dioxane Butylated Hydroxytoluene (BHT) Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor 16 mins ago 1,4-Dioxane Ultra Pure Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor 18 mins ago Flicks and Bits Flicks and Bits About Us Privacy Policy rss Film Interview Music Business Technology & Media Health Care Food & Beverages Consumer Goods Home Business Middle East and Africa Hand Sanitizer Gel Market Expected to Reach US$ 92 Mn by 2022 Middle East and Africa Hand Sanitizer Gel Market Expected to Reach US$ 92 Mn by 2022 April 12, 2017 | by David1990 | According to a new market report published by Credence Research Inc “Hand Sanitizer Gel Market – Middle East and Africa Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast 2016 – 2022,”  the Middle East and Africa hand sanitizer gel market is expected to The demand for hand sanitizers has gained momentum resulting from the prevalence of contagious maladies including avian flu, SARS, H1N1, and the recent Ebola virus disease. Periodic outbreak of these diseases paired with the fear of their continual pervasiveness, especially in Africa is one of the major factors driving demand for hand sanitizer gels in the region. Browse Full Report @ http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/hand-sanitizer-gel-market As of 2015, the sales of hand sanitizer gels in Middle East and Africa was maximum through supermarkets and hypermarkets collectively in terms of both revenue. The revenue share of the segment stood at 31.2% in the same year. The trend shall prolong and the segment is presumed to hold on to its leading position throughout the forecast period 2016 – 2023. The anticipated growth in the segment will be driven by greater discounts offered by supermarkets and hypermarkets as compared to convenience stores. On the other hand, e-tailing which is relatively a newer trend in MEA is expected to witness surge in sales with the evolving digital habits of consumers during the forecast period. As of 2015, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia represented the largest individual hand sanitizer gel market in Middle-East and Africa. The country accounted for 25.6% of the global region’s market revenue in the same year. The market growth in the country can be largely credited to use of scentless hand sanitizer gels by Haj pilgrims. Haj groups and Tawafa establishments are placing large quantities of hand sanitizer gels, at the entrances of their camps in the holy sites. On the other hand, South Africa is expected to emerge as the most attractivehand sanitizer gel market in Middle-East and Africa market during the forecast period 2016 – 2023. The overall hand sanitizers gel market is highly fragmented in nature with existence of several regional as well as global players in the market. The hand sanitizer gel market in the MEA region is majorly governed by the presence of global companies in the region. The overall consumer care products market is competitive in nature, making the overall hand sanitizers gel market highly competitive. Browse Full Report @ http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/hand-sanitizer-gel-market Major companies such as Procter & Gamble (P&G), Reckitt Benckiser, Unilever and others provide hand sanitizers as a part of their vast consumer care product portfolio. Thus, there can be seen large number of consumer care giants in the market operating across the healthcare, consumer care and home care products segment. About Us: Credence Research is a worldwide market research and counseling firm that serves driving organizations, governments, non-legislative associations, and not-for-benefits. We offer our customers some assistance with making enduring enhancements to their execution and understand their most imperative objectives. Over almost a century, we’ve manufactured a firm extraordinarily prepared to this task. Download Free Sample Report @ http://www.credenceresearch.com/sample-request/58169 For Latest updates follow us on LinkedIn @ https://www.linkedin.com/company/credence-research-limited Contact: Name: Chris Smith Designation: Global Sales Manager E-mail: sales@credenceresearch.com Ph: 1-800-361-8290 Web:  http://www.credenceresearch.com/ Filed in: Business Share this post Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email Recommended for You Recent Updates Middleware Messaging Market, Shares, Strategies and Forecasts, Worldwide, 2013 to 2019 Weigh Modules Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Weight Indicators Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor 1,4-Dioxane Butylated Hydroxytoluene (BHT) Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Popular Posts New Batmobile & A Stormtrooper Highlighted In Latest ‘Batman V Superman’/’Star Wars’ Crossover Image From Zack Snyder Chilling First TV Spot For ‘Annabelle’ (‘The Conjuring’ Spinoff) “Brothers Under The Gun” Featurette For ‘Fury’ – Starring Brad Pitt, Logan Lerman, Shia LaBeouf, Michael Pena… “Locations” Behind-The-Scenes Video For ‘Exodus: Gods And Kings’ – Starring Christian Bale, Joel Edgerton, Aaron Paul… Trailer For The Assassin-Thriller ‘John Wick’ – Starring Keanu Reeves, Willem Dafoe, Ian McShane, Adrianne Palicki…. Recent Posts Recent Updates Middleware Messaging Market, Shares, Strategies and Forecasts, Worldwide, 2013 to 2019 Weigh Modules Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Weight Indicators Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor 1,4-Dioxane Butylated Hydroxytoluene (BHT) Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor 1,4-Dioxane Ultra Pure Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor © 2017 Flicks and Bits. All rights reserved. Mobile Computing Today TampaBayReview
Our site uses cookies. By continuing to use our site you are agreeing to our cookies policy.Accept and close Accessibility LinksSkip to content Thursday April 13 2017 SubscribeLog in Read the full article Just register a few details. Get access Papal laundrette helps Rome’s homeless to wash away cares Philip Willan, Vatican City April 12 2017, 12:01am, The Times The launderette has washing and drying machines donated by Whirlpool and detergent from Proctor & Gamble. Soon the facility will be joined by showers and a barber shop for Rome’s homeless peopleANGELO CARCONI/EPA The Pope has added a free launderette to the Vatican’s list of social services for homeless people in Rome. The service, in the tourist quarter of Trastevere, is part of what charity workers describe as a “humanitarian corridor” for the dispossessed. “We will soon open showers and a barber shop so our friends can take care of their bodies while they wait for the clothes,” said Augusto D’Angelo of the Community of St Egidio, a Catholic charity that will run the facility. Using six washing machines and six tumble dryers donated by Whirlpool, and detergent from Procter & Gamble, the centre will be able to handle 4.5 tonnes of washing a week. Users of the service said it meant they would no longer have to… Want to read more? Register with a few details to continue reading this article. Get access Already a subscriber? Login You are now logged out Your choice of two articles a week Unlock quality journalism on the topics that you decide matter mostRegister now Or enjoy full access Subscribe and catch up with all the stories behind the headlinesSubscribe today Already a member? Log in Back to top Get in touch Contact us Help The Times Editorial Complaints The Sunday Times Editorial Complaints Place an announcement Classified advertising Display advertising The Times corrections The Sunday Times corrections More from The Times and The Sunday Times The Times e-paper The Sunday Times e-paper Times Currency Services The Sunday Times Wine Club Encounters Dating Times Print Gallery The Times Archive Times Crossword Club Sunday Times Driving Times+ The Sunday Times Rich List Insider City Guides Good University Guide Parent Power © Times Newspapers Limited 2017.  Registered in England No. 894646.  Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, SE1 9GF. Privacy & cookie policy Syndication Commissioning Terms Terms and conditions Stay well-informed Receive complimentary access to two articles from The Times and The Sunday Times every weekGet access now No credit card requiredI'm ok thanks
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 April 2017 by Military News Founders of The Scale Collective Jory Des Jardins and Stephanie Agresta join the Board of SheWorx Pair Take on Advisory Role and Equity Stake as SheWorx Scales NEW YORK, NY – 11 Apr, 2017 – Jory Des Jardins and Stephanie Agresta, founders of The Scale Collective, have joined the Board of SheWorx and are taking an equity stake in the company.  Held on November 2, 2016, in NYC and sponsored by Microsoft and other corporate partners, The Scale Collective gathered 300 investors, female founders of technology companies and industry experts to accelerate growth for women entrepreneurs. Des Jardins and Agresta will now support the portfolio of SheWorx products in an advisory capacity, provide counsel to SheWorx founders, and evangelize the organization’s global mission. The Scale Collective will now live within the SheWorx global brand. Founded by Lisa Wang and Yin Lin, SheWorx is a global collective supporting women entrepreneurs and the leading event series connecting women to top mentors. Grounded in the values of Ambition, Action, and Altruism, SheWorx has launched in 6 global cities, reached over 20,000 women, and curated nearly 100 dynamic events to provide women with actionable business strategies and access to investors.  With synergistic missions, networks and a shared dedication to high-quality events and content, the four women will now pool resources and experience to further aid women entrepreneurs using a mutually supportive “all boats rise” approach. Jory Des Jardins commented, “With SheWorx operational scale and our shared vision and values it makes entire sense we join forces and seize the huge opportunities to help empower the next wave of successful female founders.” Lisa Wang added, “This partnership is a true embodiment of this cycle of altruism as we bring two generations of female leaders together. Stephanie and Jory bring their experience, wisdom, and respective success stories into the momentum that Yin and I have created with SheWorx.  Together we will continue to grow the ecosystem of people and companies committed to women entrepreneurs building successful, scalable companies.”    About Jory Des Jardins & Stephanie Agresta Jory Des Jardins co-founded BlogHer, a venture backed, category-defining women’s digital lifestyle company that was acquired by SheKnows Media in late 2014. She spent 10 years on the founding team, enabling strategy from pre-venture funding through post-acquisition phase. Jory is a tireless crusader for women entrepreneurs and business leaders, sharing her personal growth story, contacts, and insights learned from 10 years of growth hacking, digital community building, strategy development and fundraising. She sits on the boards of several female-led or founded startups. For more information, visit: https://www.linkedin.com/in/jorydesjardins/ Stephanie Agresta is an award-winning, digital-first advisor who helps technology companies, startups, marketing teams and individuals build important ecosystems of influence. Named #6 among digital creators, innovators, and strategists by PR Week, Business Insider also cited her as one of the top 25 advertising executives on Twitter.  A strategic counselor, instrumental in developing digital and social media initiatives for major brands such as Comcast, PayPal, P&G, Samsung, PepsiCo and Microsoft, Stephanie has previously served in senior executive roles at world-class agencies including MSLGROUP, Weber Shandwick and Porter Novelli. A widely respected thought leader and a regular speaker at industry events, Stephanie works with clients to accelerate growth through influencer relationship management, partnership development, evangelism, and strategic counsel on marketing, communications, and advertising. She has also spent the last 25 years advocating on behalf of women’s issues and equality in the work place. For more information, visit: https://www.linkedin.com/in/stephagresta/ About Lisa Wang & Yin Lin Lisa Wang is the Co-Founder of SheWorx, the global collective of ambitious female entrepreneurs redefining leadership. Lisa is a former 4x USA National Champion Gymnast and 2014 inductee into the prestigious U.S. Hall of Fame for her landmark contributions to the progress of gymnastics in America. She began her professional career as a hedge fund analyst on Wall Street and later transitioned into working at a top mobile development and design agency. Previously, she founded a foodtech company incubated in Food-X, the world’s #1 food innovation accelerator. Lisa is passionate about helping women recognize their innate strengths and mentors on the power of “Enoughness.” She has been an Entrepreneur Insider for Fortune Magazine, featured in Forbes, Inc., WSJ, and recognized as one of the Top 20 Entrepreneurs to watch in 2017 by CIO. Lisa is a graduate of Yale University. For more information, visit: https://www.linkedin.com/in/lisawang007/ Yin Lin is the co-founder of SheWorx, the global collective for ambitious female entrepreneurs redefining leadership. Previously, she co-founded a design and development agency that helped early stage startups to build out their brand and technology at their most critical juncture. Clients that have leveraged their expertise have gone on to raise over $27M in funding. She was an associate Techstars, one of the most selective technology incubators in the world. Yin started her career as a Teach for America NY corps member teaching special education at an all-girls inner-city public school in Brooklyn. Yin has been recognized by Inc. as one of “17 Inspiring Women to Watch in 2017” and by CIO as one of the “Top 20 Female Entrepreneurs to Watch in 2017”. Yin speaks often about entrepreneurship and most recently spoke at the United Nations. She graduated with honors from Tufts University and serves as a board member for FWD.us, the inaugural Teach for America NY Alumni Association, and a co-host of the Immigrant Dinners. She is a triathlete and a 5-time marathon runner with plans to run a marathon and climb a summit on every continent — yes, even Antarctica! Yin’s life motto and advice to others is to “be uncomfortable”. For more information, visit: https://www.linkedin.com/in/yin2011/ Media Contact Company Name: Stephanie Agresta Consulting, LLC Contact Person: Stephanie A Agresta Email: stephanie.agresta@gmail.com Phone: 646-408-3318 Country: United States Website: http://www.stephanieagresta.com/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Financial Market, Marketing & Sales, Media & Communications, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Software Defined Networking Market Research Report- Global Forecast 2022 Next PostNext NZ Small and Mid-Cap stocks should list on the NZX Search Recent Posts emhLabs takes top electricity innovation prize Infortrend Storage Supports 24/7 Non-stop Operation of 2,500+ CCTV Cameras for Seoul Gwanak-Gu District Infortrend Storage Supports 24/7 Non-stop Operation of 2,500+ CCTV Cameras for Seoul Gwanak-Gu District PPG debuts next-generation PSX 805, PSX 800 coatings for steel, metal applications EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) Powder Injection Molding Market Report 2017 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 April 2017 by Military News Men’s Grooming Products Market to Rise at 8.4% CAGR by 2024 New York City, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/11/2017 — In terms of market value, the US$ 54 billion global market for men’s grooming products will expand at a CAGR of 8.4% through 2024. Germany, France, and the UK remain the top three markets, collectively accounting for over half of the revenue share of the Europe men’s grooming products market. North America, the second largest market globally, will rake in US$ 29 Bn in revenues by 2024. Key Regional Findings – In North America, shave care products and fragrances will be the top-selling men’s grooming products – The market in Asia Pacific will continue to post steady gains on account of rapidly growing sales in China Persistence Market Research’s study on the global men’s grooming products market has been compiled in the report titled „Global Men’s Grooming Products Sales Estimated to Reach US$ 104,199.2 Million by 2024 End; Europe’s Revenue Share to Remain Dominant.” Personalized shopping through e-commerce outlets has been identified as a key driving factor men’s grooming products globally. Increasing FDI in e-tailing businesses is further urging manufacturers of men’s grooming products to intensify their distribution operations through online retail channels. Easy accessibility and low costs are key factors for the rising men’s grooming products sales through e-commerce and online retail websites. Over the forecast period, online distribution channels will give rise to an absolute increment of more than US$ 12 billion. Nevertheless, sales of men’s grooming products through supermarkets and independent retail outlets remain key for companies looking to improve their sales potential by catering to impulsive buying and focusing on customer rapport. Globally, the sales of men’s shave care products such as trimmers will be way higher than any other types of grooming products. Being the highest-selling products in the global market, consumption of men’s shave care products will be valued at over US$ 40 billion by the end of 2024. Subsequently, men’s grooming products sales under fragrances will account for nearly 35% of the global market over the projected period. Hair care products sales will register a market value share of about 10%, while the demand for men’s toiletries will be pared down as compared to the above types of grooming products. Request to view table of content @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/mens-grooming-products-market/toc Higher disposable incomes don’t necessarily instrument higher sales of men’s grooming products in the premium price range. Half of the global men’s grooming products revenues are concentrated in the mid-price range, with over 7,000 million expected to be sold globally over the forecast period. A sample of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/11581 Procter & Gamble Co. will retain its competitive position as the global leader in shave care products. Independently, the company will also be dominant in the overall global men’s grooming products market by accounting for more than 10% market share. However, local manufacturers of men’s grooming products will collectively dominate the global market by accounting for nearly one-third of its market value. Accordingly, acquisition of such native players will be a strategic measure of expanding market presence for global leaders in consumer goods. Johnson & Johnson Private Limited, Koninklijke Philips N.V., ITC Limited, Coty Inc., Unilever PLC., Colgate-Palmolive Company, and Edgewell Personal Care Co., among others, are some leading manufacturers of men’s grooming products that intend to expand their businesses through acquisitions. Furthermore, L’Oréal S.A. and Beiersdorf AG are also some of the recognized players participating in the growth of the global men’s grooming products market. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Bio Active Protein and Peptides Market to Rise at 8.2% CAGR by 2026 Next PostNext Vitamin Ingredients Global Market Industry Analysis Research Reports and Forecast 2017 – 2025 Search Recent Posts Secretary-General Appoints Pramila Patten of Mauritius as Special Representative of the Secretary-General on Sexual Violence in Conflict Infinite Global Inc. Investigates 3 Key Skills that Can Be Learnt from Billionaires Maryland Author Joyce Tarpley to Feature at Two Book Events, April and May Event!t Pty: ‘Advertising Doesn’t Have to Be Annoying.’ Syrian Rock Band Sideffects Announce New Single „Wait for the Captain” Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Global Feminine Hygiene Market is Expected Expected to Hit US$ 35,203.8 Mn by 2024 End According to the latest market report published by Persistence Market Research (PMR) titled ‘Global Feminine Hygiene Product Market: Global Industry Analysis and Forecast, 2016-2024, the global feminine hygiene marketis expected to expand at CAGR of 7.2% over the forecast period (2016-2024) in terms of value. The report has categorically been divided into three sections namely by product type, distribution channel, and region. On the basis of product type, the global feminine hygiene market has been segmented into sanitary napkins/pads, tampons, panty liners, menstrual cup, and feminine hygiene wash. On the basis of a distribution channel, the global feminine hygiene market has been segmented into a supermarket, convenience stores, department stores, retail pharmacies, and online purchase. By product type, sanitary napkin/pad segment is expected to expand at highest CAGR of 8.4% over the forecast period, in terms of value, attributed to increasing awareness about the benefits of sanitary napkins/pads. This segment is expected to be valued at US$ 16,896.8 Mn by 2024 end. A Sample of this Report is Available Upon Request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/3226 By product type, tampons segment is expected to be the second most dominant segment during the forecast period. By distribution channel, supermarket segment is expected to dominate the global feminine hygiene market over the forecast period, followed by department stores distribution channel segment. Increasing awareness and high adoption of feminine hygiene products in developing countries are expected to drive demand for feminine hygiene products during the forecast period. Factors such as easy availability and affordable prices of such products are expected to drive revenue growth of the global feminine hygiene market during the forecast period. The global feminine hygiene market is fragmented in nature, with a prevalence of oligopolistic competition among renowned brands. Established players are focused on manufacturing innovative feminine hygiene products in developed and developing countries to increase revenue generation. The report offers analysis and insights into each segment of feminine hygiene market in specific regions. On the basis of region, the global feminine hygiene market is segmented into five key regions namely North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia-Pacific (APAC), and the Middle East and Africa (MEA). In 2015, Asia Pacific dominated the global feminine hygiene market in terms of revenue and is expected to register a CAGR of 5.4% over the forecast period. Request to View Tables of Content @http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/feminine-hygiene-product-market/toc Market participants covered in the report include Kimberley – Clark Corporation, Procter & Gamble, Unicharm Corporation, Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget SCA, Johnson & Johnson, Lil-lets UK Limited, Sanofi, Ontex, and Egdewell Personal Care. These companies are primarily focused on enhancing their product portfolio through research and development and introducing new cost-effective products, in order to strengthen its position in the global market. To Buy Full Report for a Single User @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/checkout/3226 CategoriesUncategorized Tagsfeminine hygiene market, Google News, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Cancer Immunotherapy Market: Emerging Trends, Size, Share and Growth Analysis 2024 Next PostNext Technology Spending on Core Administration in Healthcare Market Global Analysis & 2024 Forecast Research Report Search Recent Posts Secretary-General Appoints Pramila Patten of Mauritius as Special Representative of the Secretary-General on Sexual Violence in Conflict Infinite Global Inc. Investigates 3 Key Skills that Can Be Learnt from Billionaires Maryland Author Joyce Tarpley to Feature at Two Book Events, April and May Event!t Pty: ‘Advertising Doesn’t Have to Be Annoying.’ Syrian Rock Band Sideffects Announce New Single „Wait for the Captain” Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
