9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Final Cut Pro Diary: A video novice takes the step up from iMovie Trending in Apple How to turn the 2016 MacBook Pro into a Windows gaming machine using the compact Akitio Thunder3 + GTX 1050 Ti [Video] Trending in Apple Smart Home Diary: Getting started with HomeKit Trending in Apple What’s next for iOS? We break down rumored Siri updates, Dark/Theatre Modes, AR features & much more Trending in Apple Opinion: An Apple display with built-in eGPU could be a smart move right now Trending in Apple Hands-on: Turbo charge your MacBook Pro graphics performance with the Akitio Node eGPU over Thunderbolt 3 [Video] February 1 AAPL: 128.75 7.40 Report: Apple-developed ARM chip may appear in updated MacBook Pro this year Zac Hall - Feb. 1st 2017 1:50 pm PT @apollozac MacBook Pro Intel ARM View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Bloomberg reports that Apple is currently developing a new ARM-based chip that could appear in future MacBook Pros as soon as this year. According to the report, the new Mac chip may be used for low-power tasks that currently rely on Intel’s chip to process. The report does not detail a full switch to ARM chips for the Mac, however, noting that Macs will still rely on Intel processors unlike iPhones and iPads which are totally ARM-based. Issues with Intel preparing new chips in time to be used with Macs has fueled speculation that Apple could eventually switch to ARM-based chips in the future. For now, the new ARM chip would potentially be used for dedicated tasks like maintaining background app activity which could preserve battery life. The updated part, internally codenamed T310, would handle some of the computer’s low-power mode functionality, they said. […] Apple engineers are planning to offload the Mac’s low-power mode, a feature marketed as “Power Nap,” to the next-generation ARM-based chip. The report specifies that Apple may be planning to introduce the new chip in updated MacBook Pros as soon as this year. The new chip may first become available in an upgraded version of the MacBook Pro laptop planned for later this year, the people said. Relying on a dedicated chip for specific tasks could be a benefit to battery life which has been an issue with Apple’s latest MacBooks Pro models. iPhone, for example, features a dedicated co-processor that focuses on step tracking and listening for the ‘Hey Siri’ voice prompt. Apple already includes a custom ARM chip called the T1 with its latest MacBook Pro models with Touch Bar and Touch ID. Separately, new models of the MacBook Pro are expected to take advantage of Intel’s new Kaby Lake generation chips and and step up to 32 GB of RAM on notebooks which has not yet been an option. Apple is also expected to be preparing new iMacs with updated specs including USB-C after the last refresh occurred over a year ago. Guides MacBook Pro Apple's premium MacBook, built with the professional in mind. View THe Guide Intel View THe Guide ARM View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
  Guru3D.com Forums > Hardware > Laptops & Notebooks Graphics Card Driver HELP User Name Remember Me? Password Laptops & Notebooks Theyre completely portable, and they use less power and make less noise than desktop models. But what if you have questions ? Search Forums Show Threads   Show Posts Advanced Search Tag Search Go to Page...   Thread Tools Display Modes Graphics Card Driver HELP   (#1) qsxsqsxs Newbie   Videocard: Intel HD Graphics 5500 Processor: Aspire E5-571 Mainboard: Memory: Soundcard: PSU: Chicony AC Adapter Graphics Card Driver HELP - Yesterday, 21:17 | posts: 2 I need to update my graphics card driver, I have an Intel graphics card. So I tried to download the latest update from the Intel website, but because of how Acer modified my graphics card, the Intel update refuses to proceed. They told me to contact my manufacturer but my warranty is expired and Acer refuses to answer my calls. Acer does not have any graphics card updates for my Aspire E5-571. I'd like to get the generic Intel driver rather than this outdated Acer driver. Can anyone help me with that? If you need me to provide any more specifications, just ask and I'll update the post! I have my DxDiag and MSinfo on a text file too if that's necessary (I don't know much about computer support but if I forgot anything, I'll add it!) Also if this post isn't in the correct forum, please tell me and I'll move it! Last edited by qsxsqsxs; Yesterday at 21:18. Reason: Post placement     qsxsqsxs View Public Profile Find all posts by qsxsqsxs     (#2) Agent-A01 Ancient Guru     Videocard: 980Ti SLI H20 Processor: i7 5930k 4.7GHz H20 Mainboard: ASUS X99-A Memory: G.Skill 4x8GB 3200C12 Soundcard: Xonar Phoebus-PC360/HD598 PSU: EVGA P2-1200W Today, 00:52 | posts: 8,673 | Location: USA Download this driver dated 11/10/2016 http://www.station-drivers.com/index...html=1&lang=en To install generic driver follow this guide. Make sure after downloading driver to disable internet access so windows update does not install anything. Uninstall the driver in device manager and delete the software checkbox. Might have to do that again if you have older drivers in repository. http://www.intel.com/content/www/us/...000005629.html     Agent-A01 View Public Profile Find all posts by Agent-A01   (#3) qsxsqsxs Newbie   Videocard: Intel HD Graphics 5500 Processor: Aspire E5-571 Mainboard: Memory: Soundcard: PSU: Chicony AC Adapter Today, 03:47 | posts: 2 Thank you so much for your help but can I just ask for clarification over "Make sure after downloading driver to disable internet access so windows update does not install anything."? What does that mean? When do I disable my internet exactly?     qsxsqsxs View Public Profile Find all posts by qsxsqsxs Tags acer, download, driver, graphics card, update « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Thread Tools Show Printable Version Display Modes Linear Mode Switch to Hybrid Mode Switch to Threaded Mode Posting Rules You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is On HTML code is Off Forum Rules Forum Jump User Control Panel Private Messages Subscriptions Who's Online Search Forums Forums Home General Chat     The Guru's Pub     Folding@Home - Join Team Guru3D !     Frontpage news     Digital Photography, Home and Portable Electronics     Tablets and Smart Phones     The HTPC, HDTV & Ultra High Definition section Videocards     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce Drivers Section     Videocards - AMD Radeon     Videocards - AMD Radeon Catalyst Drivers Section     Videocards - 3dfx     Videocards vs General Purpose - NVIDIA Ageia PhysX, GPGPU etc.     3D Stereo Gaming Section     Benchmark Mayhem Hardware     General Hardware     Die-hard Overclocking & Case Modifications      Computer Monitor Forum     Soundcards, Speakers HiFI & File formats     SSD and HDD storage     Processors and motherboards AMD     Processors and motherboards Intel     Network questions and troubleshooting     Laptops & Notebooks Affiliates     Rivatuner Generic Discussion forum         RivaTuner Advanced Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Overclock Application Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Private Beta access     Guru of 3D Clan General     Games, Gaming & Game-demos     Game Tweaks and Modifications     Consoles & console games     Operating Systems     General Software and Applications     Hardware Reviews and News     Programming/Html     Links Powered by vBulletin® Copyright ©2000 - 2017, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd. vBulletin Skin developed by: vBStyles.com Copyright (c) 1995-2014, All Rights Reserved. The Guru of 3D, the Hardware Guru, and 3D Guru are trademarks owned by Hilbert Hagedoorn. -- Aria -- Dark -- Fast Contact Us - The Guru of 3D - Archive - Privacy Statement - Top
All News | Boards | Chips | Devices | Software | LinuxDevices.com Archive | About | Contact | Subscribe Follow LinuxGizmos: (get email updates) Search LinuxGizmos: Search LinuxGizmos.com + LinuxDevices Archive: LinuxGizmos Sponsor ads: (advertise here) Top 10 trending posts… Olimex spins open source Allwinner A64 based laptop kit COM runs Linux on tiny, power-sipping, 64-bit Cortex-A53 SoC Setting up an automated software lab for Linux SBCs Rugged SODIMM module runs Linux on i.MX6UL Kontron launches Linux-friendly Kaby Lake COMs Ringing in 2017 with 90 hacker-friendly single board computers IoT-oriented $7 Orange Pi Zero has both WiFi and Ethernet Arduino STAR Otto features STM32, multimedia, WiFi Catalog of 81 open-spec, hacker friendly SBCs Raspberry Pi imitator has GbE, 2GB RAM, and 4K video Follow LinuxGizmos or subscribe to our posts: Follow: Enter your email address to receive notifications of new posts: Email Address LinuxGizmos Sponsor ads: (advertise here) Kontron launches Linux-friendly Kaby Lake COMs Feb 2, 2017 — by Eric Brown — 106 views Kontron has shipped three COM Express Basic and Compact Type 6 modules with Intel’s 7th Gen Kaby Lake CPUs, up to 32GB DDR4, and extended temp support. Kontron has stepped up to Intel’s “Kaby Lake” generation by launching three COM Express Type 6 modules supporting the latest 7th Generation Intel Core and Xeon processors. The 95 x 95mm Compact form factor COMe-cKL6 and the 125 x 95mm Basic COMe-bKL6 are both available in 0 C to 60°C and -25 to 75°C versions. The bKL6R E2S, which is otherwise almost identical to the COMe-bKL6, comes standard with industrial -40 to 85°C support. COMe-cKL6 (left) and COMe-bKL6 (and COMe-bKL6R E2S) (click images to enlarge) Like Kontron’s 6th Gen “Skylake” based COMe-cSL6 Type 6 Compact and COMe-bSL6 and bSL6R E2S Type 6 Basic modules, the Kaby Lake models support Linux, and offer the new Kontron Security Solution. The latter comprises a security chip, Kontron’s Approtect software framework, and optional services. (For more information, see our COMe-bSL6 and bSL6R E2S coverage.) The new COMs follow many other Kaby Lake Com Express modules announced over the last few months. However, most of these are only becoming available this quarter, so the now shipping Kontron modules aren’t really that behind after all. The most recently announced Kaby Lake Com Express was Congatec’s Conga-TS175 Type 6 Basic module. Like the Conga-TS175, but not many others, Kontron’s new modules come with promised support for Intel Optane non-volatile memory technology. Intel Optane, which will ship in a few months, and is supported on associated carrier boards, but not the module itself, “works up to 1,000 times faster than a NAND flash memory and massively reduces latencies,” says Germany based Kontron. Like other Compact Kaby Lake offerings, the COMe-cKL6 taps Intel’s dual-core, 15W TDP U-Series in Core i7, i5, i3, and Celeron 3965U flavors up to a 2.8GHz Core i7-7600U. These dual-core models offer integrated I/O control functions rather than the discrete controller chipsets found on the models supported by the two Basic models The COMe-bKL6 and bKL6R E2S instead follow other Basic Kaby Lake modules in supporting faster, but less power efficient Kaby Lake chips. The COMe-bKL6 provides quad-core Core i7 and i5 EQ models, ranging from 2.1/2.9GHz (25W) for the Core i5-7442EQ to 3.0/3.7GHz (45W/35W) for the Core i7-7820EQ. The COMe-bKL6 can also run dual-core Core i3-E models at 2.1GHz (25W) and 2.9GHz (35W) as well as a pair of server class, quad-core Xeon-E3 models. The COMe-bKL6 offers an Intel Mobile CM238 or QM175 I/O chipset depending on the processor model. The industrial temperature bKL6R E2S, meanwhile, supports only the i3-E and Xeon-E3 parts mentioned above, not the i5 and i7 chips. The E2S module ships with an Intel Mobile CM238 chipset. The Compact COMe-cKL6 offers Intel Graphics 620 except for on the Celeron, which has Intel Graphics 610. The Basic COMs furnish Intel HD Graphics 630 for the Core chips and Graphics P630 for the Xeons. All these graphics offerings offer slight improvements over Skylake graphics. Aside from Intel chip support and the temperature range, the only difference between the two Basic modules is that the COMe-bKL6 has wide-range 8.5-20W supply while the rugged bKL6R E2S offers a choice of standard ATX or single-supply power inputs. The Compact COMe-cKL6 also offers an 8.5-20W supply. COMe-bKL6 block diagram (click image to enlarge) The Compact COMe-cKL6 module supports up to 24GB DDR4 by way of 8GB memory down and a 16GB SODIMM. By contrast, the COMe-bKL6 and bKL6R E2S give you up to the full 32GB DDR4-2400 via dual SODIMMs. On the other hand, the COMe-cKL6 is the only model to offer an option for up to 64GB of SLC eMMC 5.0 onboard flash. COMe-bKL6 (left) and COMe-bKL6R E2S block diagrams (click images to enlarge) Other major differences appear in SATA and PCIe support. The COMe-cKL6 has 2x SATA 3.0 interfaces vs. 4x on the Basic modules. The Compact model provides 5x PCIE 3.0 on PCIe lanes 0-4 and 4x PCIe 3.0 on PEG lanes 0-3, while the COMe-bKL6 and bKL6R E2S each offers 8x PCIe x1 and 1x PEG x16 interfaces. However, the Compact COMe-cKL6 gives you an option for swapping out other features for an additional PCIe x1 interface. Standard features on all three COMs include an Intel I219LM GbE controller, support for 4x USB 3.0 and 4x USB 2.0 ports, dual serial interfaces, and HD audio. They all have triple display support, with individual displays up to 4k@60Hz resolution. You get dual DP++ interfaces and what appears to be a choice of VGA, dual-channel, 18/24-bit LVDS, or eDP. Other common features include SPI, LPC, SMB, Fast I2C, staged watchdog, RTC, TPM 2.0, ACPI 4.0, and optional VPro. They all support Linux, Windows 10, or VxWorks. Common options include various heatspreader and other cooling solutions. COMe Ref.Carrier T6 (left) and COMe Eval Carrier T6 detail views (click images to enlarge) All three modules give you a choice of two optional carrier boards: a 170 x 170mm Mini-ITX COMe Ref.Carrier T6 and a more feature rich, 305 x 244mm COMe Eval Carrier T6 ATX board. The Ref.Carrier model stands out with its SIM Card slot while the Eval Carrier provides more I/O, including additional USB 3.0, DisplayPort, and PCIe interfaces. COMe Ref.Carrier T6 (left) and COMe Eval Carrier T6 port-side detail views (click images to enlarge)   Further information Kontron’s new Kaby Lake COM Express modules are available now at undisclosed prices. More information may be found at the COMe-cKL6 and COMe-bKL6 and bKL6R E2S product pages.   Related posts: COM runs Linux on Kaby Lake, supports Intel Optane COM Express modules build on Intel's Kaby Lake COM Express Type 6 and Type 7 modules feature security chip Kaby Lake board lineup includes a Mini-ITX SBC and two COMs Intel's Kaby Lake arrives on COM Express Compact at up… Intel reveals dozens of 7th Gen Kaby Lake CPUs Intel NUC mini-PCs set sail on Kaby Lake Apollo Lake thin Mini-ITX board focuses on security Compact, rugged Skylake computer-on-module is big on PCIe ﻿COM Express "server on module" taps Skylake… (advertise here) PLEASE COMMENT BELOW Please comment here... Cancel reply (advertise here) The content on this site is copyright © 2007-2017 Rick Lehrbaum unless otherwise noted. Comments are the property of their submitters. Content originally published on LinuxDevices is Copyright © 1999-2017 QuinStreet Inc. and is reproduced here under license from its owner. LinuxGizmos is part of the DeviceGuru Blog Network. Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Contact us | Privacy policy | Terms of use | About us | RSS feed
Friday, February 3, 2017  |  Jumada Al Ula 6, 1438 Business Things to do today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Personal Finance Aviation Banking Economy Energy The Life Markets Media Property Retail Technology Telecoms Travel & Tourism The Top 10 stock performers for dividends February 3, 2017 A high-dividend income is a thing of beauty in today’s low-interest rate world. Many top blue-chip companies offer income streams of between 3 and 6 per cent a year to reward investors for holding their stock, a far higher return than you will get from any savings account. Dividends also offer the prospect of a rising income stream, as most companies aim to increase the size of their payouts year after year. Yet too many investors fixate on share price growth when deciding which stocks to buy, and ignore the income on offer. Over the longer run, dividend payments can account for three-quarters of your total return from stocks and shares, provided you automatically reinvest them back into the stock for future growth. After you have retired, the dividends can top-up your pension. While investing in stocks and shares will always be riskier than leaving your money in the bank, it may be more rewarding in the longer run. You can reduce the dangers by holding for the long term, at least five years and preferably 10 years or longer and further limit your risk by picking a diversified range of stocks covering different markets, sectors and geographical regions. Dividend income is not guaranteed: companies may cut their payouts if, say, profits fall, although management is reluctant to do so as this sends out negative signals and punishes the share price. Dividend income is also potentially exposed to taxes. Here, the experts select 10 global companies that could help you come out on top. newslide US Bancorp (NYSE: USB) Tom Anderson, investment manager at UK-based Killik & Co, which has clients in the UAE, rates Bancorp as a top income stock. Mr Anderson says the US banking sector looks attractive right now, with the US Federal Reserve the only central bank in the world that is actually looking to increase interest rates. Higher rates will benefit US banks because they give them an opportunity to increase their margins on the money they lend to personal and business customers, he says. “Bancorp is a high-quality play on domestic US banking and looks set to continue generating healthy cash returns.” Bancorp currently trades at a 15 per cent premium to larger rival US banks, Mr Anderson notes. “We believe this premium is justified given the group’s industry leading returns and lower risk profile. It also offers high returns on tangible equity, which are now close to 20 per cent.” The prospective dividend yield is relatively low at 2.3 per cent but Anderson expects this to rise at a rapid rate, between, say, 7 and 9 per cent a year, giving investors a rising income stream. “Bancorp is a high quality play on the US banking sector under a Donald Trump presidency, offering a combination of both income and share price growth.” Income yield: 2.3 per cent newslide Novo Nordisk (OMX: NOVO.B) Mr Anderson also picks the global health care company, Novo Nordisk, as one of his top global income plays. The company, headquartered in Denmark, employs approximately 42,600 people in 75 countries and markets its products in more than 180 countries. “It is one of the world’s largest health care companies, with an industry-leading position in treatment of diabetes, one of the world’s fastest-growing health threats.” The rising cost of prescription drugs is a major concern and Trump threatened on the campaign trail to squeeze prices, which knocked its share price, although it is still up 80 per cent over the past five years. Mr Anderson says recent slippage could be a good buying opportunity. “The company now trades at the lowest valuation in 10 years, putting it in line with its peers. Yet we believe the shares deserve to trade at a premium given the long-term growth opportunity in diabetes.” Novo Nordisk also has a strong track record of generating cash and returning this to shareholders. “As well as a progressive dividend, with a current yield of 2.5 per cent, the company uses 95 per cent of free cash flow after dividends for share buy-backs, further boosting shareholder returns.” Income yield: 2.5 per cent newslide Intel (NASDAQ: INTC) Chipmaker Intel Corporation was a key figure in computing until recently, dominating the PC sector along with Microsoft. However, it has been hit by the slowdown in global shipments of desktops and laptops, failing to cash in on the surge in tablet and smartphone sales. Intel’s PC chip business is still profitable, making up around half of company revenues, but management is now looking elsewhere for growth. Profits fell sharply last year but Chris Beauchamp, market analyst at online trading platform IG, which recently opened offices in Dubai, says Intel is now putting recent troubles behind it and is looking to complete the shift from a PC company to one that powers the cloud and billions of smart, connected computing devices. “Intel has re-energised its performance with a focus on chips for data centres and on automation technologies that are a key part of the shift to the Internet of Things and cloud computing,” he says. The share price is up 40 per cent over the past five years. Mr Beauchamp adds: “The current yield of 2.85 per cent is lower than in previous years, but this is a sign of increasing investor confidence, which has pushed the stock price higher with hopes of more to come.” Income yield 2.85 per cent newslide ExxonMobil (NYSE: XOM) It is has been a tough few years for the oil industry, with the price of a barrel of crude plunging below $30 in January last year. Brent crude has since recovered to trade above $55 a barrel and this has helped oil stocks away from their recent lows. Mr Beauchamp picks ExxonMobil as one of his favourite global income plays. The US oil giant has inevitably been hit by the slump in oil prices, with its share price up just 13 per cent over the past five years. However, it has just posted healthy full-year earnings of $7.8 billion and fourth-quarter earnings of $1.7bn, while cash flow more than covered the company’s dividends and net investments. Quarterly earnings actually fell due to a one-off $2 billion impairment charge but Mr Beauchamp says the outlook for ExxonMobil should continue to improve. “Production costs have fallen over the past year, while there are signs that emerging market demand is picking up. With a current yield of around 3.60 per cent and an oil market that is far healthier than it was a year ago, ExxonMobil seems to be reclaiming its place as one of the key income stocks.” Income yield: 3.60 per cent newslide Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ) Another health care stock selected by Mr Anderson is Johnson & Johnson, one of the largest and most diversified health care companies in the world. The company is split into three divisions covering pharmaceuticals, medical devices such as surgical instruments, and consumer health care and beauty products. “Diversification is strength because the company is not dependent on the success of a small number of products.” J&J, as it is known, is one of only two US companies to be rated “AAA” by all three major ratings agencies, Fitch Group, Moody’s and Standard & Poor’s. Microsoft is the other. “Income seekers have benefited from rising cash flows and a shareholder-friendly approach, with dividends and share buy-back payouts totalling over $57 billion in the last five years, equating to over 80 per cent of free cash flow.” The company’s share price is up nearly 75 per cent over the past five years, it has just reported a steady 1.7 per cent rise in sales during the final quarter of last year and it yields 3 per cent – something Mr Anderson expects to grow as the company’s earnings should continue to rise. Income yield: 3 per cent newslide Nestlé (VTX: NESN) Swiss-based international Nestlé is the world’s largest food company, measured by revenues, offering everything from baby food to bottled water, breakfast cereals, coffee and tea, ice cream, frozen food and snacks. Top brands include Nespresso, Nescafé, Kit Kat, Smarties, Maggi, Carnation, Vittel, Häagen-Dazs and Mövenpick. The share price has performed solidly, rising 36 per cent over the past five years, and Mr Beauchamp describes the company as a steady income play. “Consumer staples never go out of vogue, and Nestlé’s broad suite of products means it is relatively immune to changing fashions,” he says. He warns that Nestlé may not grow as rapidly as some companies, but investors will enjoy the taste of its progressive income stream, with a current yield of 3.2 per cent a year. Income yield: 3.2 per cent newslide National Grid (LSE: NG) Publicly-quoted utility companies are considered one of the steadiest income sources of all, offering a basic service to millions of customers. London-listed National Grid is a twist on this theme because it doesn’t actually supply gas and electricity. Instead, its job is to operate essential infrastructure that keeps the energy flowing in both the UK and north-eastern US. Helal Miah, investment research analyst at UK stockbrokers The Share Centre, says it manages an everyday necessity for which there is constant demand. “This gives it relatively steady earnings and cash flow streams. In effect, National Grid is a natural monopoly.” National Grid currently yields a steady income of 4.67 per cent, and aims to increase this each year in line with the UK’s retail price index (RPI), which stood at 2.5 per cent in December. Mr Miah says the company recently announced plans to sell a majority stake in its gas distribution business and return £4 billion from the sale to shareholders, probably in the form of a special dividend. Recent share price performance has disappointed but National Grid continues to benefit from recent weakness in sterling, which boosts the value of its US dollar earnings. Income yield: 4.67 per cent newslide HSBC (LSE: HSBA) HSBC bank may be listed in London but China and Asia are its primary focus, making it a truly global bank. It survived the financial crisis in better shape than many banks but performance has been hit by the slowdown in China, and fears over the country’s credit and property bubble. However, its share price has rallied lately, up nearly 40 per cent in the last six months alone, and it currently offers a strong income stream of 5.06 per cent. Laith Khalaf, senior analyst at UK stockbroker Hargreaves Lansdown, says the bank has been through a major restructuring process and remains a work in progress. “It aims to become much more focused on its Asian roots, and far less exposed to volatile investment banking activities.” Income yield: 5.06 per cent newslide Royal Dutch Shell (LSE: RDSB) Anglo-Dutch oil giant Royal Dutch Shell is another beneficiary of the recent rally in oil prices, its share price rising almost 50 per cent over the last 12 months. Shell hasn’t cut its dividend since the second world war and Mr Miah says that proud record should continue. “Shell’s dividend now looks more secure as oil stabilises, making it a suitable stock for medium-risk investors seeking income.” Royal Dutch Shell is the largest listed company in the UK, an oil explorer, producer and refiner that also owns and operates filling stations worldwide, he adds. “It is completing major capital investment programmes which should boost efficiency, increase production capacity and create higher cash flows.” Shell’s refining business is performing well and mitigating some of the earnings lost due to cheaper crude. “It is the ideal company for investors looking to benefit from a longer-term recovery in the oil price.” Income yield: 5.54 per cent newslide SSE (LSE: SSE) London-listed utility company SSE has increased its dividend every single year since 1992, which is an incredible record. Better still, it has increased its payout at a compound annual rate of almost 10 per cent a year. Currently, the stock yields 5.96 per cent, and management is aiming to increase that in line with inflation going forward, as measured by the UK retail prices index. Mr Khalaf says SSE has invested more than £9 billion over the last six years but has made a disappointing return on this money. The dividend has been propped up by proceeds from asset disposals, debt, and share issuance and could be reduced unless cash flow improves. “The big question is whether SSE’s long-term investments will produce the cash required to sustain the generous dividend,” Mr Khalaf adds. Income yield: 5.96 per cent David Paul Morris / Bloomberg Jean-Francois Monier / AFP Mauritz Antin / EPA Matthew Brown / AP Photo Mike Blake / Reuters Fabrice Coffrini / AFP Simon Dawson / Bloomberg Matt Cardy / Getty Images Adrian Dennis / AFP Oli Scarff / AFP A high-dividend income is a thing of beauty in today’s low-interest rate world. Many top blue-chip companies offer income streams of between 3 and 6 per cent a year to reward investors for holding their stock, a far higher return than you will get from any savings account. Dividends also offer the prospect of a rising income stream, as most companies aim to increase the size of their payouts year after year. Yet too many investors fixate on share price growth when deciding which stocks to buy, and ignore the income on offer. Over the longer run, dividend payments can account for three-quarters of your total return from stocks and shares, provided you automatically reinvest them back into the stock for future growth. After you have retired, the dividends can top-up your pension. While investing in stocks and shares will always be riskier than leaving your money in the bank, it may be more rewarding in the longer run. You can reduce the dangers by holding for the long term, at least five years and preferably 10 years or longer and further limit your risk by picking a diversified range of stocks covering different markets, sectors and geographical regions. Dividend income is not guaranteed: companies may cut their payouts if, say, profits fall, although management is reluctant to do so as this sends out negative signals and punishes the share price. Dividend income is also potentially exposed to taxes. Here, the experts select 10 global companies that could help you come out on top. newslide US Bancorp (NYSE: USB) Tom Anderson, investment manager at UK-based Killik & Co, which has clients in the UAE, rates Bancorp as a top income stock. Mr Anderson says the US banking sector looks attractive right now, with the US Federal Reserve the only central bank in the world that is actually looking to increase interest rates. Higher rates will benefit US banks because they give them an opportunity to increase their margins on the money they lend to personal and business customers, he says. “Bancorp is a high-quality play on domestic US banking and looks set to continue generating healthy cash returns.” Bancorp currently trades at a 15 per cent premium to larger rival US banks, Mr Anderson notes. “We believe this premium is justified given the group’s industry leading returns and lower risk profile. It also offers high returns on tangible equity, which are now close to 20 per cent.” The prospective dividend yield is relatively low at 2.3 per cent but Anderson expects this to rise at a rapid rate, between, say, 7 and 9 per cent a year, giving investors a rising income stream. “Bancorp is a high quality play on the US banking sector under a Donald Trump presidency, offering a combination of both income and share price growth.” Income yield: 2.3 per cent newslide Novo Nordisk (OMX: NOVO.B) Mr Anderson also picks the global health care company, Novo Nordisk, as one of his top global income plays. The company, headquartered in Denmark, employs approximately 42,600 people in 75 countries and markets its products in more than 180 countries. “It is one of the world’s largest health care companies, with an industry-leading position in treatment of diabetes, one of the world’s fastest-growing health threats.” The rising cost of prescription drugs is a major concern and Trump threatened on the campaign trail to squeeze prices, which knocked its share price, although it is still up 80 per cent over the past five years. Mr Anderson says recent slippage could be a good buying opportunity. “The company now trades at the lowest valuation in 10 years, putting it in line with its peers. Yet we believe the shares deserve to trade at a premium given the long-term growth opportunity in diabetes.” Novo Nordisk also has a strong track record of generating cash and returning this to shareholders. “As well as a progressive dividend, with a current yield of 2.5 per cent, the company uses 95 per cent of free cash flow after dividends for share buy-backs, further boosting shareholder returns.” Income yield: 2.5 per cent newslide Intel (NASDAQ: INTC) Chipmaker Intel Corporation was a key figure in computing until recently, dominating the PC sector along with Microsoft. However, it has been hit by the slowdown in global shipments of desktops and laptops, failing to cash in on the surge in tablet and smartphone sales. Intel’s PC chip business is still profitable, making up around half of company revenues, but management is now looking elsewhere for growth. Profits fell sharply last year but Chris Beauchamp, market analyst at online trading platform IG, which recently opened offices in Dubai, says Intel is now putting recent troubles behind it and is looking to complete the shift from a PC company to one that powers the cloud and billions of smart, connected computing devices. “Intel has re-energised its performance with a focus on chips for data centres and on automation technologies that are a key part of the shift to the Internet of Things and cloud computing,” he says. The share price is up 40 per cent over the past five years. Mr Beauchamp adds: “The current yield of 2.85 per cent is lower than in previous years, but this is a sign of increasing investor confidence, which has pushed the stock price higher with hopes of more to come.” Income yield 2.85 per cent newslide ExxonMobil (NYSE: XOM) It is has been a tough few years for the oil industry, with the price of a barrel of crude plunging below $30 in January last year. Brent crude has since recovered to trade above $55 a barrel and this has helped oil stocks away from their recent lows. Mr Beauchamp picks ExxonMobil as one of his favourite global income plays. The US oil giant has inevitably been hit by the slump in oil prices, with its share price up just 13 per cent over the past five years. However, it has just posted healthy full-year earnings of $7.8 billion and fourth-quarter earnings of $1.7bn, while cash flow more than covered the company’s dividends and net investments. Quarterly earnings actually fell due to a one-off $2 billion impairment charge but Mr Beauchamp says the outlook for ExxonMobil should continue to improve. “Production costs have fallen over the past year, while there are signs that emerging market demand is picking up. With a current yield of around 3.60 per cent and an oil market that is far healthier than it was a year ago, ExxonMobil seems to be reclaiming its place as one of the key income stocks.” Income yield: 3.60 per cent newslide Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ) Another health care stock selected by Mr Anderson is Johnson & Johnson, one of the largest and most diversified health care companies in the world. The company is split into three divisions covering pharmaceuticals, medical devices such as surgical instruments, and consumer health care and beauty products. “Diversification is strength because the company is not dependent on the success of a small number of products.” J&J, as it is known, is one of only two US companies to be rated “AAA” by all three major ratings agencies, Fitch Group, Moody’s and Standard & Poor’s. Microsoft is the other. “Income seekers have benefited from rising cash flows and a shareholder-friendly approach, with dividends and share buy-back payouts totalling over $57 billion in the last five years, equating to over 80 per cent of free cash flow.” The company’s share price is up nearly 75 per cent over the past five years, it has just reported a steady 1.7 per cent rise in sales during the final quarter of last year and it yields 3 per cent – something Mr Anderson expects to grow as the company’s earnings should continue to rise. Income yield: 3 per cent newslide Nestlé (VTX: NESN) Swiss-based international Nestlé is the world’s largest food company, measured by revenues, offering everything from baby food to bottled water, breakfast cereals, coffee and tea, ice cream, frozen food and snacks. Top brands include Nespresso, Nescafé, Kit Kat, Smarties, Maggi, Carnation, Vittel, Häagen-Dazs and Mövenpick. The share price has performed solidly, rising 36 per cent over the past five years, and Mr Beauchamp describes the company as a steady income play. “Consumer staples never go out of vogue, and Nestlé’s broad suite of products means it is relatively immune to changing fashions,” he says. He warns that Nestlé may not grow as rapidly as some companies, but investors will enjoy the taste of its progressive income stream, with a current yield of 3.2 per cent a year. Income yield: 3.2 per cent newslide National Grid (LSE: NG) Publicly-quoted utility companies are considered one of the steadiest income sources of all, offering a basic service to millions of customers. London-listed National Grid is a twist on this theme because it doesn’t actually supply gas and electricity. Instead, its job is to operate essential infrastructure that keeps the energy flowing in both the UK and north-eastern US. Helal Miah, investment research analyst at UK stockbrokers The Share Centre, says it manages an everyday necessity for which there is constant demand. “This gives it relatively steady earnings and cash flow streams. In effect, National Grid is a natural monopoly.” National Grid currently yields a steady income of 4.67 per cent, and aims to increase this each year in line with the UK’s retail price index (RPI), which stood at 2.5 per cent in December. Mr Miah says the company recently announced plans to sell a majority stake in its gas distribution business and return £4 billion from the sale to shareholders, probably in the form of a special dividend. Recent share price performance has disappointed but National Grid continues to benefit from recent weakness in sterling, which boosts the value of its US dollar earnings. Income yield: 4.67 per cent newslide HSBC (LSE: HSBA) HSBC bank may be listed in London but China and Asia are its primary focus, making it a truly global bank. It survived the financial crisis in better shape than many banks but performance has been hit by the slowdown in China, and fears over the country’s credit and property bubble. However, its share price has rallied lately, up nearly 40 per cent in the last six months alone, and it currently offers a strong income stream of 5.06 per cent. Laith Khalaf, senior analyst at UK stockbroker Hargreaves Lansdown, says the bank has been through a major restructuring process and remains a work in progress. “It aims to become much more focused on its Asian roots, and far less exposed to volatile investment banking activities.” Income yield: 5.06 per cent newslide Royal Dutch Shell (LSE: RDSB) Anglo-Dutch oil giant Royal Dutch Shell is another beneficiary of the recent rally in oil prices, its share price rising almost 50 per cent over the last 12 months. Shell hasn’t cut its dividend since the second world war and Mr Miah says that proud record should continue. “Shell’s dividend now looks more secure as oil stabilises, making it a suitable stock for medium-risk investors seeking income.” Royal Dutch Shell is the largest listed company in the UK, an oil explorer, producer and refiner that also owns and operates filling stations worldwide, he adds. “It is completing major capital investment programmes which should boost efficiency, increase production capacity and create higher cash flows.” Shell’s refining business is performing well and mitigating some of the earnings lost due to cheaper crude. “It is the ideal company for investors looking to benefit from a longer-term recovery in the oil price.” Income yield: 5.54 per cent newslide SSE (LSE: SSE) London-listed utility company SSE has increased its dividend every single year since 1992, which is an incredible record. Better still, it has increased its payout at a compound annual rate of almost 10 per cent a year. Currently, the stock yields 5.96 per cent, and management is aiming to increase that in line with inflation going forward, as measured by the UK retail prices index. Mr Khalaf says SSE has invested more than £9 billion over the last six years but has made a disappointing return on this money. The dividend has been propped up by proceeds from asset disposals, debt, and share issuance and could be reduced unless cash flow improves. “The big question is whether SSE’s long-term investments will produce the cash required to sustain the generous dividend,” Mr Khalaf adds. Income yield: 5.96 per cent More from Business Live the nightlife on the water in a €220m Cypriot resort – in pictures High life in one of the Palm Jumeirah’s tallest towers – in pictures The most innovative companies, 2016 – in pictures More from The National A look at what’s on display at Lest We Forget: Emirati Adornment - in pictures Live the nightlife on the water in a €220m Cypriot resort – in pictures Dubai’s Nostalgia Classic Cars: in pictures Most viewed Inside the newly opened restaurant Qasr Al Sultan in the Dubai desert - in pictures Inside the Dubai Marina penthouse for rent at Dh1 million - in pictures Tiger Woods returns to Dubai to tee off in front of Burj Al Arab – in pictures FOLLOW US About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters China Business Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading The essential three ‘i’s of digital transformation: rethinking intelligence, integration and impact  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Sino-Japanese relations Hong Kong weather Rodrigo Duterte Sino-US relations #SoHongKong China Briefing Hongcouver Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Business›China Business Management Management The essential three ‘i’s of digital transformation: rethinking intelligence, integration and impact The question for the most important and influential of individuals at any company is no longer whether to change how they gather data, but it’s when and how PUBLISHED : Friday, 03 February, 2017, 10:35am UPDATED : Friday, 03 February, 2017, 11:06am Comments:   David Dubois Share PrintEmail Related topics Management Related Articles Companies Key technology trends for retail managers in Hong Kong 28 Jan 2017 Companies Integrating hotel revenue management with customer relations 1 Feb 2017 Banking & Finance Technology and digital solutions the way to go in bank cost cuts 20 Jan 2017 With successive waves of e-disruptions, from online social networks giving more power to customers to IoT (internet of things) multiplying the possibilities of collecting novel data, the question for the C-suite is no longer whether to change, but when and how. At its core, initiating a transformation starts with taking the time to understand the nature and scope of the changes that have remodelled the competitive landscape. In a nutshell, all e-disruptions have one thing in common —they profoundly reduce information asymmetry between different actors within a market (for instance, an apartment owner and a traveller), by making information immediately accessible. At a strategic level, this new world reduces power asymmetries between leaders and followers, makes it easier for new entrants to quickly penetrate a market or gain influence (for example, a new product or a rising star savvy with social media). With search engines processing a staggering 3.5 billion requests a day and massive quantities of content available through social media, digital data represents the richest resource of insights available to companies At an operational level, the enormous corpus of digital data becomes the new lifeblood that flows within and outside of key stakeholders including consumers, competitors and collaborators. To tackle the challenge of digital data, building agility and responsiveness around data becomes the new criteria that distinguish front-runners from the rest of the pack. Successfully driving the digital transformation typically means conducting concurrent changes in three areas where digital technologies and data profoundly change the face of business. The first area is intelligence and requires seeing digital data as a source of insight and using this data in knowledge-creation processes to create competitive advantages. With search engines processing a staggering 3.5 billion requests a day and massive quantities of content available through social media, digital data represents the richest resource of insights available to companies. Building intelligence capabilities based on this data starts with listening to social chatter and engaging in conversations about topics that speak to customers or relevant stakeholders. For instance, Intel in Asia Pacific has been particularly effective at building such capabilities, giving the organisation the means to listen to online chatters relevant to the brand and to engage in interaction with the online community to strengthen Intel’s core values. In one case, when sexist comments on women engineers that were contrary to Intel’s values appeared online in 2016, it only took a few minutes for Intel to capture this information. Next, the brand decided to engage in the conversation and highlight its own views regarding diversity and inclusion. In a matter of hours, the company pushed back by filming and sharing a couple of aspirational interviews of female engineers working at Intel. The quick response successfully grasped the attention of key audiences for Intel, from customers to applicants and business partners and contributed to showcasing Intel as a leader in this regard, further strengthening its brand positioning. Moving beyond conversations, an increasing number of companies are starting to integrate insights from social media and online searches to generate short-term insights and optimise operational decision-making. For instance, l’Oréal Paris actively tracks online chatters regarding hairstyles or skincare and integrates such insights into key operational decisions before it launches new brands and products. In an increasingly fast-paced, fast-changing competitive landscape, embracing the digital transformation can mean the difference between retaining leadership, losing ground and eventually being pushed out of the game In one case, the company even named a new brand after a very popular term that consumers were using when searching and discussing a hairstyle online (“Ombre”). At a highest level, the combined sum of insights from consumers, competitors and the media often reveals fresh new insights about a brand – the “unknowns-unknowns” that matter for strategy building: which markets to enter, which positioning to favour, what potential risks might emerge? For example, Tsquared, a pioneer in search analytics, works with several Asian brands from energy to FMCG and pharmaceuticals to help them understand their digital footprint and better leverage their brand by mapping relevant search behaviours and trends. Band requires leveraging digital channels to transform organisational processes and create agility. While the C-suite often recognises the importance of digital for companies, too many still decide to outsource the design and implementation of digital initiatives to agencies or consultancies. Outsourcing is not without any risks as companies deprive access to prime knowledge (insights) and become less familiar with digital technologies. In addition, they may end up losing touch with relevant digital data. By keeping the task in-house, firms advance organisational learning and ultimately increase company performance. To this end, AccorHotels recently acquired an Australian geolocalisation solution company which can identify pictures posted on social media anytime they have been taken from an AccorHotels’ location. This enables hotels to collect strategic information from social media and online channels, allowing them to become more customer-centric by following its customers along each step of their journeys. Successful integration first involves the creation of a common repository on successful and less successful initiatives accessible across the company’s different divisions to keep track of online and offline initiatives – a sort of digital memory. Such memory can take various forms from simple spreadsheets to more complex data sharing platforms. This toolkit can provide a useful benchmark to learn from past mistakes, build best practises and stay ahead of the competitive. Integration also requires gaining the ability to implement a continuous flow of digital data between the departments and division to make sure that everyone in the organisation is aware of external perceptions about the brand and its products or services. In the hospitality industry, many hotels routinely communicate dashboards to hotels’ staff and even integrate e-reputation performance scores (for example, positive or negative changes in the hotel’s online reputation based on positive and negative feedback). AccorHotels uses digital listening capabilities such as TrustYou worldwide which tracks online chatters on key dimensions of the services provided, from food to cleanliness, and has even integrated these new metrics into the staff incentive structure. Some companies have fully absorbed the pace of digital disruptions by implementing new initiatives using IoT to create new sources of value. With the ability to collect novel data (for instance, a B2B manufacturer able to track where its products go worldwide), a company can become more knowledgeable and rapidly improve quality and learning across the organisation. Recently, Rolls-Royce with the help of Microsoft started to insert trackers in their aircraft engines to monitor potential defects as well as the engine’s resistance and performance to different weather conditions. By increasing its knowledge, Rolls-Royce was able to extend its services to become a data provider for airline companies such as Singapore Airlines to help them better programme flight efficiency. The third and final area is impact and requires rethinking how digital dynamics can improve a company’s value proposition. This often means connecting firms with their audience online – customers, collaborators and the media – to increase brand awareness. Brands can also foster digital and non-digital interactions with customers to increase value. An increasingly widespread strategy entails ‘seeding’ products to key influencers to facilitate and speed up product adoption. Ultimately, taking the lead of disruption will entail using digital technologies through the lens of the customers to create a continuous flow of self-generated innovations. In an increasingly fast-paced, fast-changing competitive landscape, embracing the digital transformation can mean the difference between retaining leadership, losing ground and eventually being pushed out of the game. Rethinking intelligence, integration and impact will be the first step to winning this vital challenge. David Dubois is assistant professor of marketing at INSEAD   Most Popular Viewed 1 Growing number of foreign firms shutting shop in China 2 The rise of female bodyguards in China 3 Billionaire’s wife helms company while husband is on mainland 4 Hong Kong investors are cashing in their luxury homes 5 Regal wins contract for new airport hotel in Hong Kong Shared 1 Growing number of foreign firms shutting shop in China 2 Billionaire’s wife helms company while husband is on mainland 3 The rise of female bodyguards in China 4 Regal wins contract for new airport hotel in Hong Kong 5 Tumultuous times for China’s tycoons Commented 1 HKU chief Peter Mathieson quits early after two years of turmoil 2 The chilling war prediction Trump’s top strategist has about China 3 What’s behind Trump’s apparent cold shoulder to Xi? 4 Growing number of foreign firms shutting shop in China 5 How Trump’s phone call with Australia’s PM Turnbull really went       You may also like China Chinese tycoon ‘helping inquiries’ into stock market turmoil 2 Feb 2017 - 5:29pm 22 Tech companies have women in mind In partnership with: HKT PREMIER Insight & Opinion Why China doesn’t really celebrate Lunar New Year 1 Feb 2017 - 6:35pm 2 Shining a new light on virus detection Sponsored by: The Hong Kong Polytechnic University Film & TV Joshua Wong on human rights, the CIA, and his Sundance winner 1 Feb 2017 - 5:40pm 28 China Leukaemia patient’s Lunar New Year heartache 31 Jan 2017 - 10:40pm 2 Insight & Opinion China’s baby girls should be a thing of wonder, not pity 31 Jan 2017 - 5:55pm 1 World Trump fires acting attorney general for defying immigration ban 31 Jan 2017 - 11:23pm 37 China Chinese firms wish Trump happy Lunar New Year ... in Times Square 31 Jan 2017 - 10:21am 7 China China and US urged to plan for ‘major storm’ in ties 30 Jan 2017 - 8:54pm 67 Insight & Opinion Shopaholic Hongkongers must learn some self-control 30 Jan 2017 - 5:25pm 12 Companies How lai see became an $8 billion tradition in Hong Kong 29 Jan 2017 - 10:44pm South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Login All Reviews Editorials News Apple Working on Custom Mac Chips to Cut Reliance on Intel Hackers Post Cellebrite's Smartphone Cracking Tools Online Federal Court Blocks Part of Trump's Immigration Executive Order Tips How To (Sort of) Block Emails In Apple Mail On macOS How to Install ddrescue and Recover Files for Free Podcasts Ebook Sales Take a Hit, Apple Watch Battery Band Patent - TMO Daily Observations 2017-02-02 Apple Profits, Mac Sales, and Fun with Apple's Cash Hoard - ACM 396 View All Results → V-Moda Crossfade LP2 Headphones Sweat the Details iKlip Grip Pro an Excellent Multifunction Tripod, Monopod, Selfie Stick Minix NEO C Mini USB-C to HDMI: Low Cost, Low Weight Just Mobile's AluCharge 4-Port USB-A Charger Falls Just Short Matias Wireless Aluminum Keyboard: The Apple Keyboard You've Been Looking For View All Reviews → Tempered Tantrum: Screen Protectors for iPhones Apple CEO Tim Cook Says Trump's Muslim Ban 'Is Not a Policy We Support' How Can We Tell if Our Love for Apple is Logical or Biased? Meet Alo, A Phone Concept From The Future Just in Cases: iPhone Protection 2017 View All Editorials → Apple Working on Custom Mac Chips to Cut Reliance on Intel Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet Feb 2nd, 2017 6:28 PM EST | News Apple is reportedly working to scale back its reliance on Intel for MacBook and MacBook Pro chips by designing its own ARM-based processor. The Apple-designed chip will handle low power functions such as Power Nap, and could be a step towards abandoning Intel at some point in the future. Apple wants to put more of its own chips in the Mac Apple has been working on the new chip code named T310 since last year, according to insider sources speaking with Bloomberg. Those sources said the T310 chip will supplement Intel’s chips, but won’t replace them. The T310 will handle tasks like Power Nap mode which lets Macs check for and install updates, sync calendars, and check email when they otherwise appear to be in sleep mode. Apple’s Custom Processors This isn’t Apple’s first foray into custom chip design. The company has used its own custom ARM-based processors in the iPhone and iPad for years, and Apple Watch runs on an Apple-designed processor, too. Apple is already using a custom processor for the MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar called T1, as well, so using more in-house designed chips for system tasks isn’t a stretch. Apple CEO Tim Cook and Steve Jobs before him have pushed for less reliance on third party companies for key device components, and designing task-specific chips is part of that philosophy. It’s also another step down the path towards completely custom processors for Apple’s computers. The company has years of experience with running devices on its own processors thanks to the iPhone and iPad. That’s useful information as the company pushes forward with its custom Mac chips. Apple Chips Versus Developers Creating the T1 and T310 aren’t, however, signs that Apple is ready to abandon Intel’s processors. Intel’s chips handle more intensive operations and that isn’t likely to change any time soon. Convincing big name developers, like Adobe and Microsoft, to rewrite their products for a whole new processor platform could be a problem, too. They slowly transitioned away from PowerPC processors to Intel when Apple made that change, but convincing them to do it again may not be so easy. For now, Apple can leave power and processor-intensive tasks to Intel’s chips and tasks that can benefit from the power saving features of custom designed T-series chips can help extend battery life and work more efficiently with software. That’ll help make Apple’s computers more efficient, but it won’t overcome Intel’s processor refresh cycle which doesn’t seem to be in line with its own computer upgrade schedule. The MacBook Pro, for example, stagnated for years waiting fort significantly improved processors and in the end Apple released the Touch Bar MacBook Pro with the Skylake chipset even though the newer Kaby Lake chipset was in production. For Apple, waiting any longer to refresh the MacBook Pro wasn’t an option. The company chose to use the year-old Skylake technology in the new models because Kaby Lake chipsets weren’t shipping in the quantities it needed. Rumors claim Apple plans to release a Kaby Lake-based version of the MacBook Pro in the coming months, which will overcome power and RAM limitations that come along with Skylake. Apple can’t walk away from Intel’s laptop and desktop chipsets, but it can supplement them with its own designes to improve performance and battery life. It looks like that’s Apple’s plan for now, but Intel is no doubt watching closely to see if future Macs can run on chips it doesn’t make. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Email Print Tumblr Tags: Apple, ARM, Intel, MacBook Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Apple, Google, Other Techs Build Coalition to Oppose Trump's Muslim Ban Bryan Chaffin | February 2, 2017 Surprise: Hardback Book Sales Overtake E-books Despite iPad and iPhone John Martellaro | February 1, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $128.52 -0.23 (-0.18%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Apple Working on Custom Mac Chips to Cut Reliance on Intel Hackers Post Cellebrite's Smartphone Cracking Tools Online Federal Court Blocks Part of Trump's Immigration Executive Order Tempered Tantrum: Screen Protectors for iPhones Prince Coming to Apple Music, Spotify Recent Tips See All » How To (Sort of) Block Emails In Apple Mail On macOS How to Install ddrescue and Recover Files for Free Setting Your Default Calendar Across macOS and iOS Devices How to Enable Night Shift in macOS 10.12.4 macOS Sierra: Using Content-Aware Reminders Recent Editorials See All » Tempered Tantrum: Screen Protectors for iPhones Apple CEO Tim Cook Says Trump's Muslim Ban 'Is Not a Policy We Support' How Can We Tell if Our Love for Apple is Logical or Biased? Meet Alo, A Phone Concept From The Future Just in Cases: iPhone Protection 2017 10644 Jeff Gamet news 0 1486060083 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
Connect To Top TELEVISION RHOA Kenya Moore NeNe Leakes Kandi Burruss Phaedra Parks Cynthia Bailey Porsha Williams Claudia Jordan RHOC Tamra Barney Vicki Gunvalson Shannon Beador RHOBH Lisa Vanderpump Brandi Glanville Kim Richards Kyle Richards Lisa Rinna Eileen Davidson RHONJ Teresa Giudice Joe Giudice Melissa Gorga RHONY Ramona Singer Bethenny Frankel Sonja Morgan Carole Radziwill Real Housewives of Melbourne Gina Liano Southern Charm Thomas Ravenel Kathryn Dennis Ladies of London Caroline Stanbury Chrisley Knows Best Chrisley and Company Chase Chrisley Julie Chrisley Todd Chrisley Nellyville Nelly Lil Shawn Braxton Family Values Tamar Braxton Toni Braxton Nuestra Belleza Latina MUSIC Rihanna Madonna Chris Brown FILM Angelina Jolie Brad Pitt Tom Cruise SPORTS GOLF Leaderboard PGA LPGA Euro Tour Tiger Woods Rory McIlory BOXING Floyd Mayweather Manny Pacquiao NFL MLB NBA NCAAB NCAAF HORSE RACING SOCCER Premiere League La Liga Bundesliga Liga MX Champions League Europa League Copa Mundial Nation Powerball Mega Millions Tornado Fires World Earthquakes Hurricanes > HOME ENTERTAINMENT NFL NCAAM NBA SOCCER GOLF NATION WORLD STAFF ABOUT Budweiser Immigrant Commercial: Best Super Bowl Ads 2017 Lakers vs Wizards Score: NBA Basketball Score Results Omega Dubai Desert Classic Leaderboard: Tiger Woods 77 Score Cameroon vs Ghana Score: Africa Cup of Nations Did Groundhog See His Shadow Today: Did Phil See His Shadow 2017 Super BowlFebruary 2, 2017 Tom Brady Intel Commercial: Best Super Bowl Ads 2017 Terrence Wilt Share Tweet Pin Snickers Betty White, Adam Driver: Best Super Bowl Ads 2017 Patriots vs Falcons Super Bowl 2017, Start Time, TV Channel Tom Brady Intel Commercial: Best Super Bowl Ads 2017 Tom Brady Intel Commercial: Best Super Bowl Ads 2017 ST LOUIS (LALATE) – A Tom Brady Intel Commercial is already one of LALATE’s pick for one of the Best Super Bowl Commercials 2017. Gone are the Puppy Monkey Baby commercials. But instead of Mountain Dew, this year Super Bowl fans watch Intel return to ad spots. Intel hasn’t bought a Super Bowl ad spot in seven years. And will it pay off? The Tom Brady Intel Commercial is heating up Best Super Commercials 2017 predictions. Entitled “Brady Everyday” the commercial promotes the Intel 360. “Intel 360 replay makes anything look epic. Literally anything. Wait til you see it in the game”, the announcer tells news. Brady gets three words of dialogue. “Enough, they get it”. Intel says of the spot “As if Tom Brady needed any more help looking amazing…Intel presents: Tom Brady waking up, brushing his teeth and eating a pancake….off the floor. Proving that, with Intel 360° Technology, you can make anything look epic. Literally anything.” Meantime Jim Parsons will joins Michael Phelps for “Phelps Face”. This commercial is not new but will repair from Intel during the Super Bowl. Overall this is the fourth year of Intel advertising during the Super Bowl. The Brady ad spot is down by the McGarryBowen Agency. Below is this Super bowl Ad. For live score results of Sunday’s Super Bowl football game click HERE, for live updates on the game and all the Best Super Bowl Commercials 2017 click HERE. Terrence Wilt ABOUT THIS AUTHOR || Chief Correspondent: Entertainment (TV, Film, Music) | Terrence (twilt@lalate.com) loves everything entertainment. Terrence delivers original reporting on television, film, and music news, authoring huge exclusives on Hollywood daily. Terrence lives for Braxton Family Values, loves Real Housewives, and can't get enough of Hollywood Divas. From exclusive to breaking news, and shocking spoilers, Terrence has his finger on major TV, film and music news, sometime even before it happens. || TO CONTACT THIS AUTHOR | Email Address: twilt@lalate.com | Telephone: 314-400-8010 | Follow on Twitter: Twitter.com/LALATETV | Biography http://news.lalate.com/author/terrence-wilt/ | LALATE Staff & Physical Address: http://news.lalate.com/staff/ Related ItemsFeaturedSuper Bowl You must be logged in to post a comment Login Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. LATEST NEWS Budweiser Immigrant Commercial: Best Super Bowl Ads 2017 Snickers Betty White, Adam Driver: Best Super Bowl Ads 2017 FOOTBALL NEWS San Diego Raiders: LA Fans will Make the Drive – EXCLUSIVE Patriots vs Falcons Super Bowl 2017, Start Time, TV Channel More in Super Bowl Budweiser Immigrant Commercial: Best Super Bowl Ads 2017 ST LOUIS (LALATE) – The Budweiser Immigrant Commercial is LALATE’s pick for overall Best Super Bowl Ad 2017: “Born The Hard... Terrence WiltFebruary 2, 2017 Snickers Betty White, Adam Driver: Best Super Bowl Ads 2017 ST LOUIS (LALATE) – A Snickers Betty White & Adam Driver commercial is heating up Best Super Bowl Ads 2017 predictions.... Terrence WiltFebruary 2, 2017 Patriots vs Falcons Super Bowl 2017, Start Time, TV Channel ST LOUIS (LALATE) – A Patriots vs Falcons Super Bowl 2017 battle is set! What is the start time on the... Sarah LevelleJanuary 22, 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Start Time, TV Channel: Falcons ST LOUIS (LALATE) – The Super Bowl 2017 start time and TV channel is set. And the Atlanta Falcons are in... Sarah LevelleJanuary 22, 2017 Who Won the Super Bowl 2016 Tonight: Broncos Win Super Bowl, Final Score LOS ANGELES (LALATE) – Who won the Super Bowl 2016 last night, who is winner of Super Bowl 50, what was... LALATEFebruary 7, 2016 Copyright © & TM 1998-2017 LALATE. All Rights Reserved. Home Staff About Privacy Policy Terms of Use Posting Comments Archives Contact Us NFL TODAY San Diego Raiders: LA Fans will Make the Drive – EXCLUSIVE Patriots vs Falcons Super Bowl 2017, Start Time, TV Channel Steelers vs Patriots Score: AFC Championship Game, NFL Scores Super Bowl 2017 Start Time, TV Channel: Falcons Packers vs Falcons Score: NFC Championship Game, NFL Scores Tags Featured Soccer College Football Golf football College Basketball Leaderboard AP Top 25 Winning Numbers EPL Table Liga MX PGA Baseball Tornado Earthquake Powerball RHOA Mega Millions Fire Bracket MLB hurricane Playoff March Madness NCAA Projected Path LPGA Bowl Champions League National Hurricane Center Basketball CFP RHOC Cardinals Kenya Moore World Cup TDF Tour de France La Liga Copa Mundial
Don't Miss: Pat McGovern and the birth of Computerworld IT Resume Makeover: A new perspective Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Prices still climbing for enterprise mobility management software What's next for Azure Site Recovery? IT turns to employee resource groups to attract, retain tech talent What IT security pros are earning in 2017 More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Computer Hardware Apple Mac Apple Holic By Jonny Evans |Follow About | Appleholic, (noun), æp·əl-hɑl·ɪk: An imaginative person who thinks about what Apple is doing, why and where it is going. Delivering popular Apple-related news, advice and entertainment since 1999. Opinion Apple ARM’s for battle If you enjoyed the PC wars, you’ll love the connected everything annihilation Computerworld | Feb 2, 2017 6:01 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Apple More like this Apple’s iPhone: 10 years old and only getting started Is MacBook Pro the future of the Apple desktop? What to expect from Apple’s new Mac 'hello' Video Mingis on Tech: The MacBook Pro show-and-tell Apple is not an imitation. It plans its own future and while it takes inspiration from everywhere, it remains resolutely committed to adapting new ideas within its own unique expression. That’s what Steve Jobs meant when he said “Great artists steal”. Macs are moving to ARM A Bloomberg report suggests Apple plans to give more responsibility to ARM processors inside future Macs. The Apple Touch ID unit used inside the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar is already powered by its own ARM-based chip, which runs independent of the Intel processor. The report tells us Apple plans to put an ARM chip inside future Macs that will be responsible for handling “low-power tasks”, such as background app activity, Power Nap mode and so on. Better battery This should help improve Mac battery life, the report explains. It specifically suggests that Macs will be more able to retrieve e-mails, install software updates, and synchronize calendar appointments with the display shut and not in use. This is what Power Nap already does, though by default it only does so when your Mac is connected to a power supply. (You can override this in System Preferences, but you are likely to see an impact on battery life). The report claims Apple intends popping the new processor inside MacBook Pro models later this year. These are expected to use Intel’s Kaby Lake chips as their main processor. It has previously been suggested they will appear in Q2. Inevitability and gradualness I don’t think it’s all about power, even though better power management as a slogan seems to echo beyond the technology industry these days. I imagine it also means you’ll see another level of iOS-like performance on your Mac. Your apps will be on without lag, data will sync between Apple platforms, and you will also see the kind of tight storage management and retrieval you may have become used to on iOS devices. Chips with vroom We first began to hear speculation Apple may migrate the Mac to ARM back in 2011. That's when reports claimed Apple would need to develop 64-bit iOS chips in order to enable this transition. Apple’s A-series processors have been 64-bit since the iPhone 5s. They have been through multiple iterations since and the current model is the fastest mobile processor money can buy. It will be until Apple improves it again later this year in the new iPad Pro. The company has poured resources into processor development and the next iPad refresh in calendar Q2 will offer an A-series chip capable of PC-type performance. PCs will be trucks, but it takes time. What next? This isn’t about Intel. There is no doubt that the ability to run Windows on Macs has helped Apple build Mac market share since the Intel transition took place. Apple doesn’t need to sacrifice that advantage. Windows 10 already runs on ARM-based processors, and Intel has already reached a deal to make ARM-based chips. Apple can migrate without losing key partnerships – but it is not time… yet. Mobile technology is pervading every part of life. Connected everything means mobile processors will be everywhere, so it makes sense to ensure our PCs are deeply compatible with these things. Bloomberg’s warning that Apple is giving ARM chips more responsibilities within future Macs reflects a wider move, one in which the computer is everywhere and inside everything. Apple has no intention of being at any disadvantage on this emerging battlefield. It is equipped for the critical everything everywhere platform war, with the future of the world at stake. Google+? If you use social media and happen to be a Google+ user, why not join AppleHolic's Kool Aid Corner community and join the conversation as we pursue the spirit of the New Model Apple? Got a story? Drop me a line via Twitter. I'd like it if you chose to follow me there so I can let you know when fresh items are published here first on Computerworld. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Apple Mac Apple iOS Internet of Things Apple ARM Jonny is a freelance writer who has been writing (mainly about Apple and technology) since 1999. Learn R programming basics with our PDF You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon What Readers Like China reminds Trump that supercomputing is a race China said it plans to develop a prototype of an exascale supercomputer by the end of this year,... Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Why you should start using Google Keep right away Services like Keep, Evernote and Microsoft OneNote are often called "note-taking apps." But they've... Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt It had a good 36-year run, but its day is done. BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by VMware AirWatch IoT Will Have a Big Impact on Enterprise Mobility Popular Resources Business needs are changing rapidly, and legacy datacenter models and processes just can't keep up. It's time for a better solution ECM in the Cloud: Content Made Easier Integrating Logentries with .NET- The How & Why Learn How to Monitor & Analyze your Log Data Troubleshooting Microsoft SQL Server Go Top Stories AWS quarterly revenue continues to rise, but at a slower pace The rocketship of cloud growth continued at the end of 2016 for Amazon Web Services. The public cloud... Prices still climbing for enterprise mobility management software Vendors are consolidating their market power in the field of mobile device and app management software,... Review: 3 services for managing all your cloud storage accounts Do you often find yourself playing 'find the file' among all your cloud storage services? One of these... Mac ends sales slump with record revenue of $7.2B The uptick in sales was a departure from the recent past: For the four quarters preceding December's,... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Use integration, automation, & intelligence to outsmart cybercriminals. Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home MWC 2017 search Is Apple making its own chips for Macs so it can eventually ditch Intel? Elyse Betters3 February 2017Laptops Pocket-lint Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Apple seems to be actively lessening its reliance on Intel chips. According to Bloomberg, Apple is designing its own A-series ARM-based chips, even though Intel processors have powered Apple's Mac lineup for more than a decade. The company isn't going to dump Intel chips right away, but by all indications, it at least wants to dip its toes into the water by developing its own silicon for MacBooks and iMacs. For now, this ARM-based chip is being built with one idea in mind. In an attempt to save battery life, Apple reportedly wants to offload the Mac's "Power Nap" feature from the main Intel processor. Power Nap lets Macs run software updates, sync to iCloud, and more -- all while the computer sleeps. Some of these features require the Mac to be charging, however, but with a chip that requires less energy, Power Nap's features could maybe one day work with just the Mac's battery. Which MacBook is best for you? MacBook, MacBook Air or MacBook Pro? It's worth stressing Apple might want to ditch Intel altogether, too. Industry insiders have claimed that Apple wasn't happy when Intel didn't have Kaby Lake processors ready for the new MacBook Pro. Apple was forced to launch the machines running old microarchitecture. Also, maybe now, by developing its own silicon, it's ready to better coordinate macOS and Mac releases like it does with iPhone/iOS. Also, Apple has been investing a lot into its own series of chips for the last seven years, and it even designed an ARM-based chip - the T1 - for the MacBook Pro last autumn. (It controls the Touch Bar and Touch ID sensor.) Experimenting with ARM inside Macs seems like an obvious sign that Apple either wants to take more tasks away from the main Intel processor, or maybe even more closely combine iOS and MacOS. We'll know more this autumn, when Apple updates the MacBook Pro. Sections Apple Laptops Source: Bloomberg Best laptops and tablets of CES 2017: The greatest from HP, Dell, Lenovo and others Which Apple MacBook is best for you? MacBook, MacBook Air or MacBook Pro? 5 best laptops for Windows 10: The best available to buy today Is Apple making its own chips for Macs so it can eventually ditch Intel? Popular In Laptops On Pocket-lint Is Apple making its own chips for Macs so it can eventually ditch Intel? Acer Spin 5 review: An affordable all-rounder Apple is bringing iOS' Night Shift mode to Macs with Sierra update When is the 2017 Super Bowl LI and where can you stream it online? Good news, all 2017 Chromebooks will support Android apps BT launches Whole Home Wi-Fi to eliminate dead spots Wondershare data recovery: Recover deleted files from Recycle Bin/Pendrive/SD Card/Hard disk/Memory Card New Windows 10 privacy dashboard gives you more control over data Apple found out what's messing with the new MacBook Pro's battery life Dell XPS 27 (2017) preview: Audiophiles, this 4K touchscreen AIO is for you Nintendo Switch pre-order stock available again, get one while you can Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus: What's the story so far? Future batteries, coming soon: Charge in seconds, last months and power over the air Mobile World Congress 2017: Nokia, Sony, Huawei, smartphones and more Facebook Friends Day: What is it and how do those cheesy videos work? Nintendo Switch: Release date, price, specs and everything you need to know Samsung Galaxy Tab S3: What's the story so far? Audi A5 (2017) review: Sporty looks, refined drive Android Nougat: How to get Android 7.1.2 on your phone right now O2 now sells car insurance and even offers a black box for teens Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2017 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Digital Trends Home > Computing > New Dell XPS 13 and 15 now available with… New Dell XPS 13 and 15 now available with fingerprint scanner, Windows Hello By Mark Coppock — February 2, 2017 4:06 PM Subscribe Share Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Why it matters to you If you want Windows 10 Hello support on your new Dell XPS 15, then you'll want to place your order soon, and add the fingerprint option. CES 2017 brought a number of new and updated notebooks, with Intel’s seventh-generation CPUs and Nvidia’s Pascal graphics architecture making their way into the mainstream. One of the most anticipated machines is the update to Dell’s XPS 15 workstation, which was officially announced after a brief unintentional outing on Dell’s website. The new Dell XPS 15 features up to Intel’s quad-core Core i7-7700HQ CPU, Nvidia’s GeForce GTX 1050 GPU, and up to 32GB RAM, making it a powerful mobile workstation. There’s been some confusion, however, as to whether Dell was jumping on the Windows Hello password-less login bandwagon, and that’s now been clarified, as Windows Central reports. More: Updated XPS 15 and new XPS 27 AIO headline Dell’s XPS line update for 2017 Many new notebooks feature Windows Hello, which allows users to securely log into their Windows 10 PCs with one form of biometric sensor or another. One of the more popular options is facial-recognition scanners, which use infrared scanners to make sure the person who’s looking at the screen is an authorized user. Another is the time-tested fingerprint scanner, which allows a user to swipe a finger and log in via Windows Hello. When news of Dell’s updated XPS 15 first broke, it appeared that it would include a fingerprint scanner supporting Windows Hello. Looking at the initial product listings on Dell’s website, however, which showed models shipping in early February 2017, a fingerprint scanner couldn’t be found anywhere. Apparently, the reason is relatively simple: A fingerprint scanner option was coming but wasn’t made available on the earliest configurable systems. According to Dell, “Folks should see configurations for XPS 15 on Dell.com get updated to include the fingerprint reader option during the first week of February.” As Windows Central reports, the fingerprint scanner option is now available for the new XPS 15 at Dell.com. There’s even more good news: the newest XPS 13 notebook also now offers the same fingerprint option, which for all applicable models is selectable as the “Backlit keyboard, with fingerprint scanner” option for the reasonable additional cost of $24.50. If you want an XPS 13 or 15 with Windows Hello support, then you’ll want to make sure to select the appropriate configuration. If you’ve already pre-ordered a new XPS 15 without the fingerprint scanner, then you’ll want to contact Dell and switch out your order. Story originally published in January 2017. Updated on 2-2-2017 by Mark Coppock: Added information that the fingerprint scanner option is now available for purchase.
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us New Balance RunIQ smartwatch introduced, powered by Intel Atom By Rei Padla - February 2, 2017 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter We knew this one is coming because earlier at the CES 2017 event, we featured this Intel-engineered wearable from New Balance. The lifestyle brand is finally ready to roll out the RunIQ smartwatch that runs Android Wear and is powered by Intel Atom inside. It looks more like a health and fitness watch. Well, there’s the fact that it was developed by New Balance plus its features focused on analyzing workouts and heart rate. The smartwatch comes equipped with GPS, WiFi, Bluetooth, sync with STRAVA for the sharing, and Google Play Music support. Official specs include a 1.39-inch AMOLED display screen, gyroscope, accelerometer, 512MB DRAM, and 4GB onboard storage among others. It’s powered by Android Wear and can operate in different languages from English to Japanese, Korean, German, Italian, and French. The optical heart rate monitoring is located near the back of the watch for obvious reasons. It is close to your wrist for monitoring heart rate, locating via GPS, and location tracking when necessary. The New Balance watch’s battery can last the whole day. There’s a “one-tap LAP” button for easier access in the future. This device is ready for health tracking for whatever physical activity you are doing whether running, lifting weights, HIIT, playing tennis, or just about any other sports you love to do. VIA: SlashGear Story Timeline Intel-engineered New Balance RunIQ revealed at CES 2017 TAGS Android Android Wear intel smartwatch wearable Rei Padla Must Read HTC U Ultra, U Play hands-on: putting “U” at the center 15 best Android games of 2016, which means you should try these if you haven’t already Top 20 Android Apps for 2016 Stay Connected 883,798FansLike 136,166FollowersFollow 102,861FollowersFollow 473,425FollowersFollow 60,111SubscribersSubscribe About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2008 - 2017 Android Community - Part of R3 Media LLC
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending Buying Guides MWC 2017 LG G6 Samsung Galaxy S8 iPhone 8 Nintendo Switch iOS 10.2 Reviews Acer Spin 7 review Acer Spin 7 review By Gabe Carey Laptops and netbooks  It’s more like a flip than a spin, but by no means a flop Shares 1. Introduction and design 2. Value, performance and verdict Jump to Section: Best Price Comments Our Verdict Acer’s first go at crafting the thinnest convertible in the world is held back by the world’s most antiquated trackpad and charger, but it makes up for it with a satisfying keyboard, the ideal amount of USB-C ports and a subtle design that works in its favor. For Cozy keyboard Classy design Two USB-C ports Against Trackpad requires too much force Poor speaker placement Goofy power brick Somewhat short battery life If nothing else, the first of Acer’s “Spin” convertible lineup was a feat to pull off. Though it just so happens to be the world’s scrawniest hybrid notebook, it still fails to beat Acer’s own Acer Swift 7 of this year in terms of thinness alone.  Despite being sleek and versatile, boasting four different modes to put its 14-inch screen on display, the Spin 7 succeeds in more than just appearances. The rebranded Intel Y-series processors show up in the form of the 7th-generation Kaby Lake Intel i7-7Y75 processor, complete with the fanless designs of the former Core M-series chips.  While you shan’t expect it to fly nearly as fast as the full-on i7-7500U featured in the likes of the Dell XPS 13, you should have your battery to thank you for it. Unfortunately, we find the Spin 7’s longevity to be middling, but it offers a gorgeous 2-in-1 experience all the same. Price and availability The cost of the Acer Spin 7 – $1,249, £1,099 or AU$1,999 – lands about where it should for a notebook of its stature. Seeing as there’s only one configuration to choose from, bearing a 7th-gen Core i7 processor and stunning appearance, it seems appropriately priced. That is, of course, until you dive into some details in the nitty gritty. Keep in mind, the Acer Spin 7 is available across the US, UK and Australia at the aforementioned respective price tags and comes exclusively furnished in a black all-metal finish. It can be purchased directly from Acer’s website, on Amazon or practically anywhere else laptops are sold. Spec Sheet Here is the Acer Spin 7 configuration sent to TechRadar for review: CPU: 1.3GHz Intel Core i7-7Y75 (dual-core, 4MB cache, up to 3.6GHz) Graphics: Intel HD Graphics 615 RAM: 8GB LPDDR3  Screen: 14-inch, 1920 x 1,080 FHD IPS Storage: 256GB SSD (SATA) Ports: 2 x USB 3.1 Type-C ports,  Headphone/mic jack Connectivity: Gigabit 802.11ac Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4.1 Camera: 720p HDR webcam Weight: 2.65 pounds (1.20kg) Size: 12.8 x 9 x 0.4 inches (32.5 x 22.8 x 1.01cm; W x D x H)  Design In addition to the obvious convertible design aspects, the Acer Spin 7 is graced with an all-metal chassis, a lean, albeit comfy keyboard and even a wide-angle glass trackpad embellished with decorative chamfered edges. Acer even went as far as to match the border of the trackpad with its pair of silvery hinges. The keyboard exhibits travel that’s far superior to the MacBook’s infamous butterfly switches. Instead, it feels like a normal chiclet keyboard you would use for a work desktop in 2017. Even so, it’s not without its faults. The absence of LED backlighting could be read as an oversight for a laptop in this price range. Unfortunately, regardless of whether you decide to use the Acer Spin 7 as a traditional laptop, a tablet or a multimedia tent, you’ll be disappointed to discover that the speakers are placed on the device’s underside. This makes for a rather inconvenient way to listen to music or watch videos considering they’ll pretty much always be in contact with another surface.  Trackpad ennui Though we’re blessed to have a keyboard that is this damn pleasing on the fingers, the same cannot be said of the Acer Spin 7’s trackpad. As much as we wanted to love it for its sheer latitude, we suppose it couldn’t be helped that, when moving from this to a MacBook, performing clicks made the 2-in-1’s touchpad feel like a chore in comparison.  It’s nice to have a wide-angle touchpad, but it’s definitely a burden to fully press down on every time you need to click on or highlight something, and it doesn’t help that it’s distractingly loud  when you do so. At least, at the same time, there’s a touchscreen in place to emulate the trackpad functionality more quietly. 1 2 Current page: Introduction and design Next Page Value, performance and verdict ABOUT THE AUTHOR Gabe Carey Gabe has been writing about video games and technology since he was 16 years old. Currently serving as a Contributing Editor & Producer for TechRadar, where he keeps articles fresh and up to date on the reg, you may recognize his byline from Digital Trends, TechSpot and Kotaku UK. He can't tell if his adoration of Sonic the Hedgehog is genuine or ironic anymore. Tags Asus Load Comments Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 Microsoft has a new plan to make PCs cool again 2 We may see Samsung Galaxy S8 this month after all 3 Tesla just pulled the same strategic shift Apple did 10 years ago 4 Why new Chromebooks make Android tablets completely irrelevant 5 Samsung Galaxy S8: release date and everything you should know 1 Microsoft has a new plan to make PCs cool again 2 We may see Samsung Galaxy S8 this month after all 3 Tesla just pulled the same strategic shift Apple did 10 years ago 4 Apple’s Magic Keyboard and Trackpad become one with MagicBridge 5 Samsung Galaxy S8 could have 6GB of RAM – but you might only get 4GB TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. About Us Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
Skip to content 512 Pixels About Projects Sponsor Book → RSS → Hybrid Questions » February 2, 2017 ⌘ Permalink Jason Snell, on the whole ARM+Intel thing: If you were to list Mac functions that might be offloaded to an ARM processor, Power Nap would be a good place to start, especially if macOS were tuned to be more aggressive about putting the system to sleep. What would an ARM-Intel hybrid Mac look like? Would whole segments of the operating system run on the ARM processor, allowing the more power-hungry Intel chip to be put to sleep except when it was absolutely needed? There are a bunch of big questions here, most notably the identity of the code that would run on the ARM processor and where it came from. Would Mac apps include extensions or plug-ins that would be designated to run on ARM? Would Mac apps provide two separate sets of program binaries so that the system could switch them between processor architectures at will? PowerPC to Intel was clean and fast; this sounds anything but. Post navigation ← Previous Post RSS Sponsorship: The best way to advertise on 512 Pixels is via the RSS feed. Exclusive for one week, sponsored posts come with a whole pile of benefits.     Aqua and Bondi My book about the computer that saved Apple and the road to OS X is on sale now on the iBooks Store and as a PDF. 512 Pixels is a blog written by Stephen Hackett about things that light up and make noise. Follow via RSS or Twitter. Extra goodies: YouTube | Apple History Library | Archive | Contact copyright 2008-2017, Hackett Technical Media, LLC made with love in Memphis, Tennessee
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Artificial Intelligence Global Market by Technology & Data Validation, Analysis and Forecast 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Artificial Intelligence Market from its database. This report Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations. This report Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements. (EMAILWIRE.COM, February 03, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Global Artificial Intelligence market is poised to grow at a CAGR of above 35% during the forecast period 2015 to 2022. Growing number of AI applications in various industries and increasing adoption of AI enabled products & software tools improving consumer services are some of the factors driving the market. In addition to this, some of the key drivers include increased usage in 3D printers and adoption of digital assistance system in healthcare and transportation. Natural language processing and robotics among technology segment are expected to dominate the market owing to increasing adoption of language processing for the better consumer services, moreover, usage of robotics in industry automation and various government initiatives are the reason behind the growth of technology segment. The North American market is estimated to dominate the market segment due to widening usage of AI applications among various verticals. However, Asia Pacific is expected to be the fastest growing region with respect to developing economies & electronics industry base. For more information at http://www.reportsweb.com/artificial-intelligence-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 . Some of the key players of the Artificial Intelligence market include Apple Inc., Bloomberg, Coursera, Facebook, Fingenius Limited, General Vision, Inc., Google Inc., IBM Corporation, Inbenta Technologies, Inc., Intel Corporation, Microsoft Corporation, Numenta, Inc., Nvidia Corporation, Qualcomm, Sentient Technologies Holdings Ltd. and Tesla Motors. Systems Covered: - Expert Systems (ES) - Decision Support Systems (DSS) - Fuzzy Systems - Multi-Agent Systems - Intelligent System - Hybrid Systems - Other Systems Industries Covered: - Agriculture o AI-Guided Drone o Automated Irrigation/Harvesting (GPS-Enabled) Systems o Crop Monitoring - Automotive & Transportation o Autonomous Guided Vehicles o Infotainment Human-Machine Interface - BFSI o Automated Virtual Assistants o Fraud Detection o Wealth Management - Education - Entertainment o Drug Development o Health Assistance and Medical Management - Healthcare - Manufacturing o Robot Integrated CIM Systems - Media & Advertising o Customer Self-Service o Facial Recognition Advertising - Oil and Gas o Exploration and Production (E&P) Life Cycle - Retail o Product Recommendations o Autonomous In-Store Robots - Robotics - Science - Space Technology - Other Industries o Legal Informatics o Virtual Mentor Request Sample Copy: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001583403/sample . Technologies Covered: - Cognitive Computing - Context-Aware Processing - Deep Learning - Digital Personal Assistant - Image Recognition - Machine Learning - Natural Language Processing - Predictive APIs - Querying Method - Robotics - Speech Recognition - Other AI Technologies Services Covered: - Installation Services - Customization Services - Maintenance and Support Services - Application Integration Services Regions Covered: - North America o US o Canada o Mexico - Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe - Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific - Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: - Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments - Market share analysis of the top industry players - Strategic recommendations for the new entrants - Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets - Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) - Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations - Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends - Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments - Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Make an enquiry: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001583403/buying . Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Budget 2017 SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News Others WD Blue SSD: Fast, durable but comes at high price (Tech Review) WD Blue SSD: Fast, durable but comes at high price (Tech Review) Source : Last Updated: Fri, Feb 03, 2017 13:00 hrs Tweet Mail Print New Delhi, Feb 3 (IANS) Designed to drive Solid State Drive (SSD) adoption in mainstream computing platforms for both corporates and consumers, US-based data storage company Western Digital(WD) recently introduced a new Blue SSD that is optimised for multitasking and resource-heavy applications. Priced at Rs 9,500, WD Blue SSD has a SATA 6Gb/s interface, is available in 250GB, 500GB and 1TB capacities. It is available in both 2.5-inch/7mm case or M.2 2280 form factors to accommodate most laptops and desktop PCs. Here is what works for the device. To test the SSD's performance, we installed it on a test bed that includes Intel Pentium G3240 CPU clocked at 3.10GHz paired up with 4GB of RAM and running Windows 7 Professional operating system. In "Crystal Disk Mark" benchmark, it delivered 281.8 MB/s read and 271.5 MB/s write speed and with "HD Tune Pro", it delivered minimum read speed of 217.3 MB/s and maximum 242.0MB/s read speed with an access time of 0.042 milli-second. In real life test, when we transferred assorted data of approximately 14GB (including videos, documents and images) from a USB 3.0 drive to SSD, it took about five minutes and 50 seconds to complete the process. Overall, the SSD ran seamlessly on demanding applications. The drive includes WD SSD Dashboard software which allows continuous performance and capacity monitoring and is free for download. What does not work? The SSD comes at a higher price in comparison to Samsung 850 Evo. Conclusion: Having fast transfer speed, the WD Blue SSD is an excellent choice for consumers who are looking for instant responsiveness, durability and low-power consumption to boost their PCs or laptops. (Anuj Sharma can be contacted at anuj.s@ians.in) --IANS anuj/na/vm/sa/ky SEARCH About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
Presented by In Association With Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #BudgetSpeech #Personal I-T rate #Budget2017 #PopulistBudget #IRCTC News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-IANS » Business-Economy Russia seeks return of medals from athletes caught doping Business Standard WD Blue SSD: Fast, durable but comes at high price (Tech Review) IANS  |  New Delhi  February 3, 2017 Last Updated at 12:40 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UTKcwZ ALSO READ New vehicles to have digital tags for paying toll Helpline being set up for digital payments Niti Ayog announces incentive schemes to boost digital payments Over Rs 60 cr given away under digital payments promotion schemes Idea Money launches 'Retailer Assisted Model'; to promote digital payments Designed to drive Solid State Drive (SSD) adoption in mainstream computing platforms for both corporates and consumers, US-based data storage company Western Digital(WD) recently introduced a new Blue SSD that is optimised for multitasking and resource-heavy applications. Priced at Rs 9,500, WD Blue SSD has a SATA 6Gb/s interface, is available in 250GB, 500GB and 1TB capacities. It is available in both 2.5-inch/7mm case or M.2 2280 form factors to accommodate most laptops and desktop PCs. Here is what works for the device. To test the SSD's performance, we installed it on a test bed that includes Intel Pentium G3240 CPU clocked at 3.10GHz paired up with 4GB of RAM and running Windows 7 Professional operating system. In "Crystal Disk Mark" benchmark, it delivered 281.8 MB/s read and 271.5 MB/s write speed and with "HD Tune Pro", it delivered minimum read speed of 217.3 MB/s and maximum 242.0MB/s read speed with an access time of 0.042 milli-second. In real life test, when we transferred assorted data of approximately 14GB (including videos, documents and images) from a USB 3.0 drive to SSD, it took about five minutes and 50 seconds to complete the process. Overall, the SSD ran seamlessly on demanding applications. The drive includes WD SSD Dashboard software which allows continuous performance and capacity monitoring and is free for download. What does not work? The SSD comes at a higher price in comparison to Samsung 850 Evo. Conclusion: Having fast transfer speed, the WD Blue SSD is an excellent choice for consumers who are looking for instant responsiveness, durability and low-power consumption to boost their PCs or laptops. (Anuj Sharma can be contacted at anuj.s@ians.in) --IANS anuj/na/vm/sa/ky (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Digital | News-ians | Business-economy PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Save Tax on Your Premium u s 80D Free Brokerage for 1st Month Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Make Your Premium Payment Easier. Know more Exploring Untapped Potential of Mutual Funds. IIM Bangalore: Aerospace Management Programme Supercharge your Indian property portfolio Get life cover worth Rs 1 CR Rs 18 per day Open 100% Paperless Demat Account in just 15 mins. Bengal Global Business Summit. click here Rise and fall of Bitcoin, does history repeat itself? WD Blue SSD: Fast, durable but comes at high price (Tech Review) Designed to drive Solid State Drive (SSD) adoption in mainstream computing platforms for both corporates and consumers, US-based data storage company Western Digital(WD) recently introduced a new Blue SSD that is optimised for multitasking and resource-heavy applications. Designed to drive Solid State Drive (SSD) adoption in mainstream computing platforms for both corporates and consumers, US-based data storage company Western Digital(WD) recently introduced a new Blue SSD that is optimised for multitasking and resource-heavy applications. Priced at Rs 9,500, WD Blue SSD has a SATA 6Gb/s interface, is available in 250GB, 500GB and 1TB capacities. It is available in both 2.5-inch/7mm case or M.2 2280 form factors to accommodate most laptops and desktop PCs. Here is what works for the device. To test the SSD's performance, we installed it on a test bed that includes Intel Pentium G3240 CPU clocked at 3.10GHz paired up with 4GB of RAM and running Windows 7 Professional operating system. In "Crystal Disk Mark" benchmark, it delivered 281.8 MB/s read and 271.5 MB/s write speed and with "HD Tune Pro", it delivered minimum read speed of 217.3 MB/s and maximum 242.0MB/s read speed with an access time of 0.042 milli-second. In real life test, when we transferred assorted data of approximately 14GB (including videos, documents and images) from a USB 3.0 drive to SSD, it took about five minutes and 50 seconds to complete the process. Overall, the SSD ran seamlessly on demanding applications. The drive includes WD SSD Dashboard software which allows continuous performance and capacity monitoring and is free for download. What does not work? The SSD comes at a higher price in comparison to Samsung 850 Evo. Conclusion: Having fast transfer speed, the WD Blue SSD is an excellent choice for consumers who are looking for instant responsiveness, durability and low-power consumption to boost their PCs or laptops. (Anuj Sharma can be contacted at anuj.s@ians.in) --IANS anuj/na/vm/sa/ky (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 WD Blue SSD: Fast, durable but comes at high price (Tech Review) Designed to drive Solid State Drive (SSD) adoption in mainstream computing platforms for both corporates and consumers, US-based data storage company Western Digital(WD) recently introduced a new Blue SSD that is optimised for multitasking and resource-heavy applications. Priced at Rs 9,500, WD Blue SSD has a SATA 6Gb/s interface, is available in 250GB, 500GB and 1TB capacities. It is available in both 2.5-inch/7mm case or M.2 2280 form factors to accommodate most laptops and desktop PCs. Here is what works for the device. To test the SSD's performance, we installed it on a test bed that includes Intel Pentium G3240 CPU clocked at 3.10GHz paired up with 4GB of RAM and running Windows 7 Professional operating system. In "Crystal Disk Mark" benchmark, it delivered 281.8 MB/s read and 271.5 MB/s write speed and with "HD Tune Pro", it delivered minimum read speed of 217.3 MB/s and maximum 242.0MB/s read speed with an access time of 0.042 milli-second. In real life test, when we transferred assorted data of approximately 14GB (including videos, documents and images) from a USB 3.0 drive to SSD, it took about five minutes and 50 seconds to complete the process. Overall, the SSD ran seamlessly on demanding applications. The drive includes WD SSD Dashboard software which allows continuous performance and capacity monitoring and is free for download. What does not work? The SSD comes at a higher price in comparison to Samsung 850 Evo. Conclusion: Having fast transfer speed, the WD Blue SSD is an excellent choice for consumers who are looking for instant responsiveness, durability and low-power consumption to boost their PCs or laptops. (Anuj Sharma can be contacted at anuj.s@ians.in) --IANS anuj/na/vm/sa/ky (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers News Conference Index TQ Deals Answers Tech5 Contact Jobs Contribute Advertise Team About Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract Offers Launch Distract World Have a cookie TNW uses cookies to personalize content and ads to make our site easier for you to use. We do also share that information with third parties for advertising & analytics. Got it! or More info Sections Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract Offers About TNW About Team Advertise Contribute Jobs Contact TNW Sites News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Cyberspace Culture 4 of the best CES-inspired tech products of 2017 by TNW Deals — in Offers 296 shares Technology is all about staying ahead of the curve. So with a new year now underway, we thought this would be a good time to clue you into a handful of truly innovative products from TNW Deals, all marked down from their original prices. And did we mention you can get an additional 10 percent off when you enter the coupon code CES10 during checkout? Well, we just did.   Plugies Magnetic Charging Cables No more charger plug-in disasters… with Plugies, your portable device connects to a cable via sleek, simple magnetics. Power your smartphone or tablet with a simple click, enjoy a reliable, durable charge with the braided nylon and anodized aluminum casing cable — and never face the possibility of accidentally pulling your charging phone off the table again. Buy now: Pick up these convenient chargers for $27.99 each, lowered from $40.   Ockel Sirius B Windows 10 Pocket PC The future of computing right in your pocket — the Ockel Sirius B is an Intel-powered, Windows-run computer that you can take with you anywhere. Wi-Fi and Bluetooth enabled, the Ockel Sirius B connects to nearly any monitor or accessory to offer full computing capabilities with touting around even a laptop. Buy now: It normally retails for $249, but you can score this micro-marvel for just $189.   HUDWAY Glass Heads-Up Navigation Display Be a safer driver with a device that looks straight out of “Minority Report” — the HUDWAY Glass is the in-car navigation system we’ve all been waiting for. Pop this futuristic display on your dashboard, load up your preferred navigation app on your phone, and put your device on the display’s platform. Your app will reflect onto the screen, its contents magnified by 20 percent. Buy now: Take your car navigations to the next level for only $49.95.   iKlips DUO+ Dual Interface Flash Drive They don’t call it the world’s smartest flash drive for nothing. Clipping neatly to your keychain, the iKlips DUO+ is the Swiss Army knife of storage options. It syncs easily with Apple products and PC devices alike, so your videos, music, photos, and other media are ready at a moment’s notice anywhere. Buy now: Get a 64GB version (in either gold, black or red) for only $88.99, lowered from $99. Read next: 'Serial' podcast creators are returning with another true crime nailbiter you can binge in one sitting Share on Facebook (40) Share on Twitter (208) TNW Deals Happy to hear your thoughts on offers@thenextweb.com or @tnwdeals on Twitter. Hot deals courtesy of The Next Web. Contact Mail Tweet Posts 1050 Posts / mo. 25.1   All posts by TNW > Latest deals 99% off Microsoft Office Specialist Excel Certification Bundle $1990 $15 98% off MailButler Professional: Lifetime Subscription $1470 $34.99 98% off eduCBA Tech Training Bundle: Lifetime Subscription $2299 $49 88% off Data Visualization with Tableau Desktop 9 Bundle $235 $28 Shh. Here's some distraction 6 reasons why app stores should transition to subscription models TNW with Setapp Review: The Tostitos pseudo-breathalyzer bag actually works Napier Lopez From yellow brick road to dark as night: How color has become an important storytelling tool TNW with LG Donald Trump's newest Twitter rival is... an onion in a bag? Bryan Clark 'Star Wars: The Last Jedi' confirmed as name for Episode VIII Napier Lopez How to use data to make killer content decisions TNW with Tibco Comments Recommended 5 tips for dominating your online reputation Melissa Thompson Most popular 1 Twitter employees donate over $1 million to ACLU to battle Trump’s immigration ban Mix 2 Instagram may soon let you share multiple photos in one post Napier Lopez 3 Apple is considering taking Trump and his immigration ban to court Mix 4 Apple, Google, Microsoft, Facebook unite to draft letter against Trump's immigration ban Mix 5 How today's top social sales pros use tech tools Ben Jacobson Never miss out Stay tuned with our weekly recap of what’s hot & cool by our CEO Boris. Thank you! Do it Join over 260,000 subscribers! Who's Hiring Add your company ABN AMRO Reinventing the world of banking Philips Embrace the unexpected Facebook Build and make an impact Amazon We are a company of pioneers Latest Facebook's introduces 'Discover People' to help you break the ice with strangers Abhimanyu Ghoshal Uber's CEO is quitting Trump's advisory council, but Elon Musk is sticking around Abhimanyu Ghoshal Apple is reportedly gearing up to manufacture iPhones in India Abhimanyu Ghoshal Snapchat growth slowed significantly after the launch of Instagram Stories Bryan Clark Study: Living in space could reverse a key aspect of aging Bryan Clark Snapchat parent company files for huge IPO at last Napier Lopez Chrome update on Android will let you pin websites to the app drawer Napier Lopez iPhone 8 concept reimagines the home button with a Touch Bar-like interface Bryan Clark Google cooks up advanced recipe search Napier Lopez Facebook's new search AI lets you find images by content Napier Lopez Twitter employees donate over $1 million to ACLU to battle Trump’s immigration ban Mix Here are the first 100 investors coming to TNW Conference Matthew Elworthy Pornhub launches sex ed portal to teach you how to love responsibly Mix Ugh, Uber wants you to bond with your fellow UberPOOL passengers Matthew Hughes Marketing the TNW Way #18: Making the switch to HTTPS Martijn Scheijbeler Days ● Hours ● Minutes ● Seconds ● UNTIL PRICES RISE TNW Conference is Europe's leading technology festival. Super Early Bird passes are available until January 31st! Learn More Upcoming Events SXSW Mar 10, 2017 TNW Conference May 18, 2017 Popular Companies Amazon eBay Facebook Google Yahoo Trending Topics iPhone MacBook Playstation Samsung Galaxy YouTube Events About Team Advertise Contribute Jobs Contact © 2006–2017 The Next Web B.V. Made with ♥ in Amsterdam. Powered by Stay tuned Treat yourself Sit back and let the hottest tech news come to you by the magic of electronic mail. Thank you! Sign up Prefer to get the news as it happens? Follow us on social media. 1.65M followers 763K likes Help us out Who are you? Got two minutes to spare? We'd love to know a bit more about our readers. Start! All data collected in the survey is anonymous. ↑ ↓ Navigate up/down Enter Go to article / Search new term Esc Close search
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,369 Reviews & Articles | 53,950 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU Home News Deals Hardware deals: $309 Core i7-7700K, $142 Radeon RX 480 Hardware deals roundup! Kaby Lake Core i7-7700K's and i5-7600K for cheap, along with new lows on the Radeon RX 480 and 470 By: TweakTown Dealzon | Deals News | Posted: 2 hours, 17 mins ago Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA It's a new month with new hardware deals for PC enthusiast. Since a number of new products are coming out (Zen etc.), prices on Intel Kaby Lake are already making some movements beyond suggested list price. As of writing, you can pick up the latest Core i7-7700K for as low as $309.99 via Monoprice's eBay store. This is a straight-up $40 discount (11% off) as all other retailers have the CPU priced at $350 or above.     So far, 680 units have been sold as of writing and we suspect Monoprice isn't carry enough units for the deal to last through the weekend. You'll earn some extra savings too as long as you don't reside in California or Kentucky, as sales tax is imposed to only these two states.   Continuing on with other hot hardware deals, Jet.com, the web retailer now owned by Walmart, has always been a hardware buyer favorite to score components on the cheap. While the "new" online retailer could use some improvement in the organization department (seriously its very hard to find things on their website) they are often at the forefront of great pricing to lure in new customers. As of writing, you can pick up an ASUS Radeon GPU for cheap, with the RX 480 4GB OC Edition priced at only $141.49 after rebate and coupon.   CPU Deals   Intel Core i7-7700K 4.20GHz Processor (Kaby Lake) - $309.99 (list $350) Intel Core i5-7600K 3.8Ghz Processor (Kaby Lake) - $204.11 (list $240) Use coupon: TRIPLE15   GPU Deals   ASUS Radeon RX 480 OC Edition 4GB Video Card - $141.49 (list $230) Use coupon: TRIPLE15 Use rebate here ASUS ROG STRIX Radeon RX 470 OC Edition 4GB Video Card - $123.80 (list $200) Use coupon: TRIPLE15 Use rebate here   Other Hardware Deals   MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Gaming X 8G Video Card - $594.99 (list $690) Use this rebate. ARRIS SURFboard SB6183 DOCSIS 3.0 Cable Modem (Refurbished) - $49.99 (list $100) HP OfficeJet 4650 Wireless All-in-One Printer (Refurbished) - $44.99 (list $150) Logitech MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse - $39.99 (list $70) NVIDIA Shield Remote - $39.99 (list $50) SanDisk Ultra Fit 128GB Flash Drive - $24.99 (list $120) Thermaltake 500W SLI/CrossFire Ready 80+ Power Supply - $19.99 (list $50) Recommended for You PC game release deals: Shadow Tactics + Arizona Sunshine... Blizzard adds Reaper to the ranks of collectible statues... Save big on this week's best tech deals Dishonored 2 pre-load goes live, Steam deals 20% off... >> NEXT STORY: Far Cry 5 rumored for a release sometime this year << PREVIOUS STORY: MMO deals: 20% off Conan Exiles, Guild Wars 2 up to half Related Tags ARRIS ASUS eBay HP Intel Logitech MSI NVIDIA SanDisk Thermaltake Walmart Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Hardware deals: $309 Core i7-7700K, $142 Radeon RX 480 AMD shares up 16% riding upcoming Ryzen, Vega waves Facebook edges close to 2 billion monthly users Far Cry 5 rumored for a release sometime this year MMO deals: 20% off Conan Exiles, Guild Wars 2 up to halfView More News Posts Forum Activity H170M-D3H No POST from main bios chip, how to recover? ASRock Z87 Extreme4 SSD Problems Z87 Extreme 4 will not wake from sleep, code 32 Asrock Z77E-ITX GA-Z77x-UP5 TH-CFView More Forum Posts Press Releases Nokia and Orange Group collaborate to shape the future of 5G services Razer updates the world's best mechanical gaming keyboard: the Razer Blackwidow ASUS announces Designo Curve MX34VQ Ultrawide 4K display ASUS Republic of Gamers announces Swift PG258Q G-Sync display with 240Hz, 1ms response time Marvel Entertainment and Square Enix team up for multi-year, multi-game creative partnershipView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
IE Home Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Gadgets Review Photos Videos Mobile & Tabs Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Tech News Tech firms call for strong electronics manufacturing ecosystem Tech firms call for strong electronics manufacturing ecosystem Tech players said the absence of a robust electronics manufacturing ecosystem will only restrain the ambitious Make in India and Digital India vision. By: IANS | Updated: February 3, 2017 12:18 pm Rahul Agarwal, CEO, Lenovo India, said the focus on digital literacy will act as an enabler for job creation and skill development. (Image for representation) Though Budget 2017-18 demonstrated the government’s commitment towards making India a digital economy, tech players on Thursday said the absence of a robust electronics manufacturing ecosystem in the country will only restrain the Make in India and Digital India vision. “We are disappointed with the lack of provisions for creating a robust domestic electronics manufacturing ecosystem in India beyond smartphones. I strongly urge the government to re-consider this as the absence of a robust electronics manufacturing ecosystem will only restrain the ambitious Make in India and Digital India vision,” said Debjani Ghosh, Managing Director, Intel South Asia. Watch all our videos from Express Technology Rahul Agarwal, CEO, Lenovo India, said the focus on digital literacy will act as an enabler for job creation and skill development. However, “we would expect more proactive measures from the government on ease of doing business as the cost of compliance in India is higher as compared to other countries, because of which large scale manufacturing is not yet shifting to India,” Agarwal added. While welcoming the government’s move to reduce corporate tax for small companies to 25 per cent with annual turnover upto Rs 50 crore, Samson Khaou, Managing Director, Dassault Systemes India, told IANS that 96 per cent of the Micro Small and Medium Enterprises (MSME) will benefit from this move. Also Read: Union Budget 2017: Aadhaar-Pay, BharatNet and other Digital India announcements “This move will prove to be a welcome relief for the cash-strapped MSME sector. About 96 per cent of the MSME’s will benefit from this move and it sets government’s objective clear of making India competitive globally,” Khaou said, adding that the move will boost exports and manufacturing at large. Tags: Digital India make in india Budget 2017 BusinessMost deposited Rs 2 lakh or more, some used one PAN for 20 accounts: Govt Budget wasted, no steps to spur growth: Chidambaram BusinessEnforcing Rs 15-lakh cap on cash holding difficult; idea still being examined, says Hasmukh Adhia Best of Express ED moves SC against special court's order discharging Marans in Aircel-Maxis case, hearing at 2 pm today EntertainmentRaees box office collection day 9: Shah Rukh Khan film collects Rs 122.36 crore EntertainmentAjith's six-pack abs in Vivegam impress SRK EntertainmentBeyonce's nude pregnancy photoshoot EntertainmentKung Fu Yoga movie review Must Read SportsYuzvendra Chahal thrives in adversity SportsDespite roll back, BCCI will earn around Rs 2,500 crore SportsAITA paying the price for selection disaster: Bopanna TechnologyApple iPhones will be manufactured in Bengaluru: Here are the details TechnologyTrump immigration ban: Microsoft's exemption plan, Facebook to be hit by H1-B TechnologyXiaomi Redmi Note 4 sale on Mi.com over, all versions out of stock  LFW S/R 2017: Preity Zinta steals the show in a Mekhla Chador on Day 2, highlights Feb 03: Latest News Motorola Moto G5 to hit stores soon after MWC 2017, claims leak Meditating on Music Salman Khan’s performance in Tubelight five times better than Bajrangi Bhaijaan: Kabir Khan The Conducting of Carlos Rizzi Gold glittered in 2016 on keen investment demand: World Gold Council                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team TC's CrunchBoardThe Best Companies Are Looking For You On CrunchBoard. Check Out The Jobs Fundings & Exits CEO Evan Spiegel’s Snap ownership is worth about $3.5 billion Snap commits $2 billion over 5 years for Google Cloud infrastructure Snapchat international user growth slowed in the second half of 2016 Browse more... phones Crunch Report | Instagram Shoppable Photos Google’s Android 7.1 Developer Preview starts rolling out to beta testers Kodak teases a new phone for an October 20 reveal Browse more... robin Robin makes the office smarter with $7 million in new funding Nextbit’s Robin Is An Android Smartphone That Taps The Cloud For Bonus Smarts Robin, A Company Enabling Sensor-Powered Smart Offices, Raises $1.4 Million Browse more... Razer Two of Razer’s crazy concept laptops were stolen at CES and the company is offering a big reward Razer goes immersive with new in-room gaming projection and 3-screen laptop Razer’s Blade 14 successfully merges mobile gaming with slick hardware Browse more... Razer acquires Nextbit, the startup behind the Robin smartphone Posted Jan 30, 2017 by Ingrid Lunden (@ingridlunden) 0 SHARES Next Story Trump’s immigration order sends ripples of dismay through UK tech community Three months after acquiring iconic audio tech company THX, Razer is making another move to expand its business beyond hardware and software for the gaming community. The company has acquired Nextbit, the startup behind the Robin smartphone, founded by Android veterans who had set out with high hopes (and some decent funding) to rethink how to build a mobile phone that leaned on cloud storage. Financial terms of the deal, which closed earlier this month, have not been disclosed by either company, but sources hint that there was a decent equity portion to it. Nextbit had raised $18 million in funding from Accel, GV and Dentsu, plus another $1.36 million on Kickstarter as part of a crowdfunding campaign partly used to market the Robin smartphone. Razer will be bringing on Nextbit’s staff of 30, and Min-Liang Tan, Razer’s co-founder and CEO, said in an interview that the plan will be to develop more products keeping the Nextbit brand, which will operate as its own standalone business unit. “We’ve been huge fans of what Nexbit has been doing,” he said, “both the work on the phone technology and on the cloud-based storage side of things. There is a lot of potential and talent.” But the carry-over will not include Nextbit’s Robin phone — which in any case was no longer being sold by Nextbit, either. Min confirmed that the Robin has been discontinued, but the software and existing phones will continue to be supported for at least the next six months. As for what is coming next, Min would not specify whether that will be something similar to what Nextbit has made before or something else altogether. “We’ll be ready to talk about that when we’re ready,” Min said in an interview. “With Nextbit, it was really the software and design talent we wanted to bring in. We have a good track record of going into traditional markets and building out from there.” After THX, and gaming company Ouya, this is the third recent acquisition for Razer (which itself has disclosed around $125 million in funding from backers like Intel and Accel, with a valuation of well over $1 billion). But as a possible guidance of where Razer might go with Nextbit, we could look further back to 2008, when Razer quietly acquired another company, OQO, whose team served as the core of its move into laptops. Another clue might be found in something that Tom Moss, the co-founder of Nextbit who served as its CEO, told me about the acquisition. He said there were others who approached Nextbit, “the companies you would expect, some interested in what we were already doing in hardware, and others interested in what we were doing in software,” but the good thing about Razer, he added, “is that we can continue to do both.” (Moss and Min were introduced, he said, not by common investor Accel but by John Lagerling, VP of partnerships at Facebook, which is probably the perfect job for him.) Razer has been focused squarely on gaming (the company’s motto is “For Gamers. By Gamers”), and it has been a pretty aggressive believer in targeted, vertical integration, building a wide range of hardware and software for the gaming market. So it’s interesting that before now, the company has stayed away from making mobile phones, which have such a strong link to the gaming world. It’s not clear why that’s the case, but it’s worth wondering what kind of a role the branding of another “Razr” phone may have played. Motorola, now owned by Lenovo, made a very popular range of handsets under the Razr brand in two phases, first a “razor-thin” flip phone and then the Android-based Droid Razr, and you can imagine how potential trademarking issues or just concerns about brand confusion would have kept Razer away from the mobile handset game. (Small, coincidental side note: Years ago, Moss started, and his Nextbit co-founder MIke Chan worked at, a startup called 3LM, which was eventually acquired by none other than Motorola.) For Nextbit, the startup has found a landing place where its business can tap a large existing audience of Razer customers and (importantly) fans. But on the other hand, its decision to go the acquisition route underscores the many challenges of building hardware or cloud-based businesses (let alone a company that wanted to do both) from the ground up in today’s market — where both areas are dominated by scale: outsized companies, huge customer bases and lots of capital. Nextbit itself was no stranger to those problems: the company had planned, and sold against, but ultimately cancelled a plan to launch a CDMA version of its original GSM-based Robin handset, a crucial turning point for the startup. Time will tell if Razer will be a big enough platform to step up into the race more definitively. In its favor, it’s had an interesting and quietly successful track record so far. And there are the bigger trends of the tech world. “Every time there is a status quo for top players, something else comes along,” Moss said. “Innovation definitely slowed in the past few years, but I think of it as more of a pause. As well as technology being on the bleeding edge, there is still a lot of opportunity for change. There always has been.” 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Razer Founded 2005 Overview Razer™ is a world leader in connected devices and software for gamers. Razer is transforming the way people play games, engage with other gamers and identify with the gamer lifestyle. Having won the coveted “Best of CES” award consecutively for six years, the company’s leadership in product innovation continues to create new categories for the gaming community that is estimated to have … Location Irvine, CA Categories iOS, Consumer Electronics, Gaming Founders Min-Liang Tan, Robert Krakoff Website http://www.razerzone.com Full profile for Razer Nextbit Systems Founded 2013 Overview Nextbit Systems is a mobile technology startup founded by early Android veterans Tom Moss and Mike Chan. The company is currently in stealth mode. Location San Francisco, CA Categories Consumer Electronics, Software, Mobile Founders Tom Moss, Mike Chan Website https://www.nextbit.com Full profile for Nextbit Systems Robin Description Robin is the only cloud-first smartphone. It gets smarter every day and makes running out of space history. Website https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/nextbit/robin-the-smarter-smartphone Full profile for Robin Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Snap files publicly for its massive IPO | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes phones robin Razer Fundings & Exits Popular Posts Featured Stories Snap files publicly for its massive IPO | Crunch Report VIDEO | 4:43 | Crunch Report Snapchat growth slowed 82% after Instagram Stories launched 9 hours ago | Josh Constine Uber CEO Travis Kalanick quits Donald Trump’s business advisory council 11 hours ago | Darrell Etherington Snap has finally filed publicly for its massive IPO 11 hours ago | Matthew Lynley Cuban: “Just plain stupid” to not go public 13 hours ago | Katie Roof Latest From Mobile Snap paid $114.5M to acquire Vurb and gives acquisition details for Bitstrips and Looksery 9 hours ago | Matthew Lynley Snapchat growth slowed 82% after Instagram Stories launched 9 hours ago | Josh Constine Snapchat paid Reggie Brown $157.5M to settle his ‘ousted founder’ lawsuit 10 hours ago | Ingrid Lunden Snapchat international user growth slowed in the second half of 2016 11 hours ago | Ryan Lawler Comment moderation powered by Up Next Trump’s immigration order sends ripples of dismay through UK tech community Posted Jan 30, 2017 CrunchBoard Job Listings eCommerce Business Analyst at CORT (Austin, Texas 78759, United States) Sales Executive at Agrilyst (Brooklyn, NY, United States) Frontend Web Developer (m/f) at Mimi Hearing Technologies GmbH (10178, Berlin, Deutschland) Finance Business Analyst at Prisms Consulting Group (Los Angeles, CA, United States) Director, Validation Test at TASER International (Scottsdale, AZ, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Crunch Report | Snap files publicly for its massive IPO 4 hours ago by Khaled "Tito" Hamze Medium plans to launch a consumer subscription product this quarter 6 hours ago by Josh Constine Elon Musk says he’ll present objections to Trump’s immigration order at Friday advisory council meeting 7 hours ago by Darrell Etherington Team BlackSheep’s Vendetta is a fast racing drone with a high learning curve 7 hours ago by Stefan Etienne CEO Evan Spiegel’s Snap ownership is worth about $3.5 billion 7 hours ago by Katie Roof, John Mannes How WhatsApp is fighting spam after its encryption rollout 8 hours ago by Kate Conger Snap commits $2 billion over 5 years for Google Cloud infrastructure 9 hours ago by Ryan Lawler Snap paid $114.5M to acquire Vurb and gives acquisition details for Bitstrips and Looksery 9 hours ago by Matthew Lynley Snapchat growth slowed 82% after Instagram Stories launched 9 hours ago by Josh Constine Microsoft is taking its Detroit operation downtown 9 hours ago by Matt Burns
232966353382852 News Politics Things To Do EAT & DRINK Entertainment Secrets of NY Real Estate Transit Opinion Home News Top stories Today's paper Politics Elections Things To Do Eat & Drink Top stories Restaurant openings Restaurant closings Entertainment Top stories Celebrities Fashion Top stories Fashion week Pets Secrets of NY Real Estate Top stories City Living Brooklyn Manhattan Queens Staten Island Transit Sports Opinion Top stories Jim Marguiles Cartoon roundup Weather http://www.amny.com/entertainment/celebrities/super-bowl-li-commercials-star-lady-gaga-melissa-mccarthy-justin-bieber-more-1.13057146 Big names will be gracing Super Bowl commercials this year. http://cdn.newsday.com/polopoly_fs/1.13056794.1486079170!/httpImage/image.jpeg_gen/derivatives/display_600/image.jpeg Comments Celebrities Super Bowl LI commercials star Lady Gaga, Melissa McCarthy, Justin Bieber, more By Verne Gay   verne.gay@newsday.com February 2, 2017 Advertisement Advertise here HIGHLIGHTS The number of celebrity ads is down, but there will still be dozens Many ads are now pre-released to the internet Welcome to Celebrity Bowl LI. The fun officially begins Sunday, but — in fact — it’s already here. This is the bowl within that other bowl: Those commercials, dozens of them, that sell everything from mobile service to avocado dip, but especially sell the famous faces that star in them. Lots of famous faces. Out of a total of 62 Super Bowl commercials on CBS’ telecast of Super Bowl 50 in 2016, just under 40 featured celebrities, according to one count (Encino, California-based E-Poll Market Research). That was an all-time high. There are expected to be fewer celebrity ads on Fox’s Super Bowl LI this year, but “fewer” is a relative term: There will still be dozens. Justin Bieber’s commercial for T-Mobile was released online Thursday, becoming part of a conga line of pre-releases that star Melissa McCarthy (Kia, although teases only), Tom Brady (Intel), Jason Statham and Gal Gadot (Wix), Joe Montana and Mike Singletary (Hyundai), Lil Buck (Lexus), Marshawn Lynch (Skittles), Brett Favre (Buffalo Wild Wings), Peter Fonda (Mercedes), John Malkovich (Squarespace), Jon Lovitz (Avocadoes from Mexico), Justin Timberlake (Bai) and Lady Gaga (Tiffany). Meanwhile, Jon Hamm will star in a major in-game commercial for H&R Block. Patriots wide-receiver Rob Gronkowski — sidelined since early December with a ruptured disc — will co-star in at least two commercials, including that one with the Beebs. Adam Driver will star in a live commercial for Snickers after the game ends. Why this arms race for Super Bowl celebrity pitchmen-and-women? Ever since the first Super Bowl, when RCA hired a Twiggy-lookalike to star in an ad for camera film, advertisers have figured: Why not hire the real person? And they have. Celebrity ads are as fundamental a part of the Super Bowl ad experience as CGI-enhanced (or CGI-degraded) animals. But since the beginning of the decade, they’ve boomed. For example, there were just 19 ads with celebs in 2013. Per E-Poll, the figure doubled in just three years. Why? Three reasons: The internet, the internet, and the internet. Ads with celebrities live long on past the game, sometimes for years, where they take up permanent residence on Facebook or YouTube. When a fans search for their favorite star on Google, they also get the ad on their results list. Another reason: The ads have enormous traction even before the game — itself one of the reasons behind the so-called pre-release craze of the past decade, in which most ads were online before they were on TV Ispot-TV — a leading firm that tabulates advertising effectiveness across the media spectrum — reports that of the Top-10 pre-release commercials this year, six feature celebrities. The top-ranked one, by far, is Wix, which stars Statham and Gadot who together demolish a restaurant. (The ad was directed by French-born high-octane action director, Louis Leterrier — the “Transporter” films, “Unleashed,” “The Incredible Hulk” and “Clash of the Titans” — and looks it.) How big is the Wix ad? By Thursday, about 20 million people had already seen it online — mostly Facebook (10 million views alone) — which means that by the time this airs in the fourth quarter Sunday, more people will have seen it on their cell phones than on their TVs. Wix — a website builder — got its money’s worth. Verne Gay Email vernejgay NYC, in your inbox. Sign up for NYC news plus the scoop on things to do, see and eat. sign up More like this Christina Ricci talks new Zelda Fitzgerald series ‘Georgie’ a fine tribute to slain actor George Rose Your chances of winning the 'Hamilton' lotto just doubled Comments Back to Top Services Today's paper Join us on Facebook Join us on Twitter Sign up for newsletters Get our Apps OUR NETWORK Newsday News 12 Newsday Cars The Hometown Shopper Newsday Homes CareerBuilder Optimum Newsday Connect MSG Varsity News Elections Entertainment Celebrities Fashion Fashion Week Secrets of New York Sports Things to do Events this week Weekend best bets Eat & Drink Oldest restaurants Bars with fireplaces Opinion Mark Chiusano Jimmy Margulies Cartoon roundup Real Estate City living Brooklyn Bronx Manhattan Queens Staten Island Transit Live updates About AMNY Staff & Bios Contact us Jobs at amnewyork SITE MAP PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF SERVICE 240 W 35TH ST., 9TH FLOOR NY, NY 10001 646.293.9499 FAX: 212.239.2828 COPYRIGHT © 2017 NEWSDAY. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
Menu Deadline TV Super Bowl Ads: Politics, Fishing & Oh So Many Celebrities Home Film TV Awardsline Box Office Business INTL Video Jobs Got A Tip? Top Stories Film Amazon Wins ‘Unfit’ Auction; Dakota Johnson Circling Lead by by Lisa de Moraes Business Bob Iger Won’t Attend Trump Meeting At White House by by Lisa de Moraes Film Oscars & Politics: Can AMPAS Avoid Alienating Audience? by by Lisa de Moraes TV Pilot Season: Who Sits Atop The Actors Hot List by by Lisa de Moraes TV Super Bowl Ads: Politics, Fishing & Oh So Many Celebrities by Lisa de Moraes February 2, 2017 4:50pm 1 TV Advertising Breaking News News Sports Bryan Cranston Fox Wix.com After the heartbreak of watching Hollywood celebrities, tirelessly pitch their POTUS candidate of choice in vain for months, it will be nice to see them back in their comfort zone on Sunday, pitching products to the American public during TV’s biggest event. Although NFL games overall suffered an 8% slump in ratings this season, for which President Donald Trump has taken credit, Sunday’s Super Bowl is expected to produce crowds on par with last year’s 112M viewers – roughly the same size crowd as watched Trump’s inauguration, his SCOTUS pick primetime special and all future major Trump clambakes, according to White House estimates. Related Will Hollywood's Super Bowl Ads Score, Or Be Sacked, As NFL Ratings Slide? John Malkovich is charting new Super Bowl commercial territory, in a spot that simultaneously touts Squarespace.com, JohnMalkovich.com, the actor-director’s latest fashion line, and gins up sympathy for some fishing blogger who might or might not be real and/or also named John Malkovich: Adam Driver, meanwhile, will star in Super Bowl’s first live commercial, apparently co-starring a horse. According to ad industry trade reports, the Snickers spot continues the candy campaign in which attractive women in iconic screen scenes, who have turned into unattractive men for want of sugar, are transformed back through the magic of Snickers – think Willem Dafoe as Marilyn Monroe cooling off over that subway vent in The Seven Year Itch. Snickers also promises 36 full hours of livestream from the set of the ad, leading up to the game: And Turbo Tax is trying out a Super Bowl ad trilogy this year. Part 1 launched days before the game. Part 2 will be launched during Super Bowl LI and Part 3 after the game wraps. Part 1 stars Humpty Dumpty: Dumpty has set the bar high for the rest of Sunday’s Super Bowl celebrity product pitchers. Kia is counting on Melissa McCarthy: Honda has high hopes for Steve Carell: Mercedes is banking on Peter Fonda, directed by the Coen brothers: T-Mobile put its money on Justin Bieber, after last year’s ad, “Restricted Bling” starring Drake, paid off: And Justin Timberlake, having last year become an investor in beverage startup Bai Brands, hired himself to plug the line at the big game: Wix.com landed action stars Gal Gadot and Jason Statham: Intel is counting on an insatiable appetite for Tom Brady. In addition to his New England Patriots playing the Atlanta Falcons in the Super Bowl, Intel’s spot features Brady yawning, Brady stretching, Brady brushing his teeth and Brady eating a pancake he dropped on the floor before his dog can snatch it: RelatedSuper Bowl Movie Trailers: Sneak Peek At Paramount’s ‘Ghost In The Shell’ Celebrities have become so ubiquitous that they’re now making news when they narrate a Super Bowl spot. This year that includes Minnie Driver’s unveiling as the “new voice of Lexus” — though her work, and the car, might be overshadowed a bit by the dance steps of Charles “Lil Buck” Riley:   Meanwhile, Bryan Cranston narrates Ford’s “Go Further” commercial: Ads eschewing celebrities seem to be in the minority this Super Bowl. Some of those doing without stars instead are counting on political statements to catch viewers’ attention. Construction-supply company 84 Lumber, making its Super Bowl debut, went with the can’t-miss, too-hot-for-the-network buzz generator. The company reportedly created a spot that featured a wall and some laborers looking for work. Fox deemed that too political and sent it back to the drawing board. Nicely played, 84 Lumber! Budweiser marketing execs have insisted in interviews that its “Born the Hard Way” ad is not intended to make any kind of political statement about this country’s raging immigration debate. This would be easier to swallow had the ad’s story of Adolphus Busch’s immigration been a little less creative a molding of the rough clay of truth: And Audi’s so-called feminist-dad ad, called “Daughter,” purports to illustrate a commitment to equal pay for equal work on the part of the car manufacturer which — Forbes reports, last fall celebrated the grand opening of its first plant in North America. In Mexico. Speaking of Mexico – avocados! One of this year’s funniest Super Bowl ads features a flash of Jon Lovitz, who was a contestant on The Celebrity Apprentice during the years when Trump – who now, as POTUS, threatens to slap a 20% tariff on the critical guacamole ingredient –  was the reality series’ Grim Reaper: Subscribe to Deadline Breaking News Alerts and keep your inbox happy 1 1 Comment Cancel reply Comments On Deadline Hollywood are monitored. So don't go off topic, don't impersonate anyone, and don't get your facts wrong. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (Address never made public) Name Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. anonymous • 7 hours ago Gal Gadot is sooooo gorgeous. Perfect casting for Wonder Woman. Just saying! xx Reply What's Hot on Deadline 1 As The Oscars Near, The Academy Looks Warily At Awards Night Politics 2 'xXx: Return Of Xander Cage' Muscles Into No. 1 With $51.5M - International Box Office 3 Matthew McConaughey Says America Should "Embrace"& "Be Constructive" With President Trump 4 Amazon Wins 'Unfit' Auction; Dakota Johnson Circling RatPac Drama 5 'Black Lightning' Drama Eyes Move To the CW To Join Greg Berlanti Comic Lineup 6 Stephen Colbert's 'Late Show' Tops Late-Night Ratings For Second Night This Week 7 Pilots Season 2017 Actors Hot List: Sarah Shahi & Maya Rudolph Among Top Choices 8 Angelina Jolie Rips Donald Trump's Travel Ban In New York Times Op-Ed 9 White House Defends Donald Trump's Use Of National Prayer Breakfast To Pray For 'Apprentice' Ratings 10 'The Goldbergs' 1990s Spinoff Starring Bryan Callen Gets Pilot Order At ABC Latest TV News Carol Burnett Comedy From Amy Poehler & Michael Saltzman Gets ABC Pilot Order ‘The Goldbergs’ 1990s Spinoff Starring Bryan Callen Gets Pilot Order At ABC No Sony Sale, Kazuo Hirai Says ‘Black Lightning’ Drama Eyes Move To the CW To Join Greg Berlanti Comic Lineup ‘South Park’ Creators Backing Off On Mocking Donald Trump More Marketplace Featured Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut SEE MORE JOBS Eric Clapton Movie to Be Directed by Oscar-Winner Lili Fini… HTGAWM Recap: Philly Prison Blues Say Goodbye to Your Cable Clutter with the Bluelounge CableBin Kristen Stewart Extremely Worried She'll 'Fail' As Host Of… Nokia's Android phones probably won't live up to the company's… About Us Advertise Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Google+ The Power of Content Variety india.com Hollywoodlife SPY TV Line BGR WWD Footwear News Copyright © 2017 Penske Business Media, LLC. All rights reserved. HOLLYWOOD™ & Design © 2017 Hollywood Chamber of Commerce. The Hollywood Sign is a trademark and intellectual property of Hollywood Chamber of Commerce. All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP ad
Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Find local news Home UK World Business selected Politics Tech Science Health Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability Business selected Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Business Business Can a 'superpower force field' protect us from hackers? By Matthew Wall Technology of Business editor 3 February 2017 From the section Business Share Share this with Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-38829663 Read more about sharing. Close share panel Image copyright Pixar Image caption Can virtual software be as effective as virtual superheroes? In the Disney Pixar animation The Incredibles, the daughter in the family of superheroes, Violet, has a particular superpower. She can create a protective force field around herself - an impenetrable bubble. She can also make herself invisible. Businesses trying to ward off millions of dangerous cyber-attacks in an increasingly connected world probably wish they had the same superpower. Well, perhaps now, they do. A cybersecurity firm called Bromium reckons its technology can protect laptop and desktop users in large organisations against malware hidden in email attachments and compromised websites. It does this through a process called micro-virtualisation. Every time you open a document or visit a website, Bromium creates a mini protected virtual environment for each task - like a series of Violet's bubbles. Even if you've clicked on an email link containing a virus, there's nowhere for that malware to go because it is isolated within its bubble. It cannot infect the rest of the machine or penetrate the corporate network. Image copyright Pixar Image caption Violet's forcefield can protect anyone inside from attack. Can software do the same thing? Bromium co-founder and president Ian Pratt, who sold his first company XenSource to Citrix for $500m (£398m) in 2007, says it has taken his firm six years to perfect the product. "This is by far the hardest thing I've done by miles," he tells the BBC. One helpful development was when the big computer chip makers, such as Intel and Arm, began producing chips that had virtualisation capability built in to them. "We've created a billion virtual machines since we started - no bad stuff has ever escaped from one of them," says Mr Pratt. The technology has proved popular with intelligence services and other government agencies, he says. Image copyright Bromium Image caption Bromium co-founder Simon Crosby says trying to detect the bad guy "always fails" "The US intelligence services tend to compartmentalise data from secret sources using separate banks of computers. Now, using virtualisation, they can keep secret data separate and secure virtually on one computer," he says. One computer can have 50 virtual machines (VMs) running at the same time without much loss in performance speed, he says, although a typical user will have five to 10 running concurrently. It is this ability to create VMs instantly without much drain on the computer processor's resources that is one of the product's main advantages, he believes. Weakest link At the World Economic Forum's recent Davos summit, a cybersecurity roundtable discussion revealed that the biggest banks can now expect up to two billion cyber-attacks a year; retailers, a mere 200 million. And recent research from IT consultancy Capgemini finds that only 21% of financial service organisations are "highly confident" they could detect a data breach. Unfortunately, despite all the latest firewalls and antivirus software, it is we humans who are the weakest link in any organisation's security defences. Despite all the warnings, we still click on email links and attachments, download software to enable us to watch that cute kitten video, and visit websites we probably shouldn't - even while at work. Virtualisation is one defence against such attacks. Image copyright Thinkstock Image caption How many of us have visited websites we shouldn't have, even at work? Prof Giovanni Vigna is a director of the University of California in Santa Barbara's cybersecurity centre and co-founder of malware detection company, Lastline. He says: "Virtualisation is a very effective way of containing the effects of an attack because it isolates the bad stuff, and that's awesome," he says. But it is not a "silver bullet", he warns. "It won't prevent users from giving away sensitive security data in targeted spear phishing attacks," he says. This is where staff are hoodwinked into giving away security details because hackers have collated enough personal details to make an email or document look entirely official and convincing. This type of manipulation - called social engineering - is still "very effective", says Prof Vigna. "It's difficult to protect against human stupidity." Bromium's Ian Pratt accepts that this is a limitation of virtualisation, but he maintains: "In 80% of cases hackers are gaining access to enterprise networks through staff clicking on dodgy links. "Our system limits the damage that can be caused. We're trying to make these attacks far more expensive to execute." 'Major competitor' Traditional anti-virus (AV) software works by identifying malware signatures and adding them to the huge database. Once a known signature has been detected it can then quarantine and delete the suspect program. The problem with this approach, however, is that it's reactive and does nothing to prevent previously unknown attacks made by new forms of malware, many of which can evolve within an infected system and evade the AV software. One cybersecurity firm trying to tackle this issue is Invincea, which describes its X product as "machine learning next-generation antivirus". Image copyright Thinkstock Image caption Big banks can expect billions of cyber-attacks a year It aims to detect and stop malware without relying on signatures. It learns how suspect programs look and behave when compared to legitimate programs and other known forms of malware. And if a suspect file exceeds a risk threshold it is quarantined or deleted. The deluxe version of Invincea's product also ensures that all links and attachments are opened in a virtual isolated environment - it's own version of Violet's bubble. "Invincea is a major competitor to Bromium," says Prof Vigna. "The advantage is that is works on CPUs [central processing units] that don't support micro-virtualisation, so it can be used in organisations with older computers." 'Squidgy bit' Microsoft has also been exploring the benefits of virtualisation. Its next major Windows 10 update will enable users to run the Edge browser within a protected virtual machine environment. Prof Alan Woodward from the University of Surrey's computer science department thinks the tech giant could go further. "Virtualisation is a neat idea," he says. "Lots of people are taking it very seriously. My personal suspicion is that someone like Microsoft may well try to build it into their operating system [OS] directly." Although we have much better malware detection systems these days, we - "the squidgy bit in the chair", as Prof Woodward calls us - remain the most vulnerable point in this cybersecurity warfare. Can we develop a version of Violet's bubble to protect us from ourselves? Follow Matthew on Twitter and Facebook Click here for more Technology of Business features Related Topics Computer security Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn Technology of Business Top Stories Russian hacks 'aim to destabilise West' Moscow is trying to expand its influence by "weaponising misinformation", the defence secretary warns. 3 February 2017 May to press EU over defence spending 3 February 2017 Vegetable rationing hits UK supermarkets 3 February 2017 Features 'Tuberculosis in my brain' How a smartphone is giving Johnny and other patients hope Grape debate Does Shiraz wine come from Iran? Before the Beatles Tracing the pre-history of pop with St Etienne's Bob Stanley Superpower software Is this the best way to protect your business from hackers? Trans parenting I may get pregnant but I won’t be an ‘expectant mother’ Your buried treasures Digging deep to recall contents of childhood time capsules A painful goodbye The choices you have if your baby dies News navigation Business Sections Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Alba Wales Cymru World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada Business selected Business Home Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Politics Politics Home Parliaments Brexit NI Election 2017 Tech Science Health Education Education Home School Report Global Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health Mach Tech Science Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Dakota Pipeline Protests Europe's Border Crisis TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Business Business News Consumer Travel Economy Personal Finance Markets Business Jan 30 2017, 12:48 pm ET America’s Financial Success Owes a Lot to Immigrants by Martha C. White Share Share Tweet Share Comment Email Print advertisement The tech industry has been the loudest in its condemnation of Donald Trump's travel ban, but the history of immigrants coming to the United States and becoming pillars of industry goes back further than the iPhone, further than dial-up — further, even, than the telephone itself. Play Facebook Twitter Google Plus Embed Civil rights groups, lawyers battle against immigration ban 3:54 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/865885763718" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Silicon Valley leaders spoke out en masse over the weekend, pointing out that America's technological growth would never have happened without immigrant entrepreneurs. Some of the stories are familiar: Many people know Steve Jobs' biological father was a native Syrian (Jobs was adopted as an infant by a California family), and that Google co-founder Sergey Brin's Jewish parents left Russia in 1979 to escape religious persecution. Even two technology scions who reportedly have Donald Trump's ear, Tesla founder Elon Musk and billionaire investor Peter Thiel, were born in other countries (South Africa and Germany, respectively). But people might be less familiar with others: "My mother was undocumented. No mom, no @Reddit," Reddit cofounder Alexis Ohanian tweeted on Sunday. Yes. My mother was undocumented. No mom, no @Reddit. https://t.co/ItkOOvIxSg— Alexis Ohanian (@alexisohanian) January 30, 2017 Intel co-founder Andy Grove came to the U.S. after fleeing political upheaval in Hungary as a young man. In his memoir, he wrote, "[M]any young people were killed; countless others were interned. Some two hundred thousand Hungarians escaped to the West. I was one of them." Last March, the National Foundation for American policy found that immigrants founded 44 of the 87 start-up "unicorns" valued at $1 billion or higher. Altogether, the value of those companies is $168 billion. On average, each of these billion-dollar start-ups has created 700 jobs, although some are much higher, such as Musk's 4,000 SpaceX employees. Musk, a member of two advisory councils in the Trump administration, on Saturday tweeted his distaste for the immigration plan. The blanket entry ban on citizens from certain primarily Muslim countries is not the best way to address the country’s challenges— Elon Musk (@elonmusk) January 29, 2017 He also said he would speak to the president about the possibility of modifying the measure — but noted there was "no possibility of retraction." Please read immigration order. Lmk specific amendments. Will seek advisory council consensus & present to President. https://t.co/qLpbsP4lEk— Elon Musk (@elonmusk) January 29, 2017 According to a 2011 analysis conducted by the Partnership for a New American Economy, 18 of the companies in Fortune's Top 100 in 2010 had founders born outside the U.S., and that doesn't even count the ones like Apple that were founded by first-generation Americans. In total, 40 percent of the 2010 Fortune 500 were founded by either immigrants or children of immigrants. Today, the number of immigrant-founded companies on the Fortune 100 is up to 19, and runs the gamut of industries, from pharmaceuticals to telecommunications to retail. "We must do more to welcome the next generation of entrepreneurs," the group said in its report. "For years, America has loomed largest in the minds of the most enterprising individuals around the world. But as the global marketplace evolves, we cannot count on remaining their top choice." These are the companies, along with their rankings in the current Fortune 100, that were founded by immigrants. 10: AT&T Alexander Graham Bell, Scotland 11: General Electric Elihu Thomson, England 12: AmerisourceBergen Lucien Brunswig, France 13: Verizon Alexander Graham Bell, Scotland 34: Procter & Gamble William Procter, England; James Gamble, Ireland 36: Alphabet Sergey Brin, Russia 37: Comcast Daniel Aaron, Germany 45: United Technologies Igor Sikorski, Russia 51: Intel Andy Grove, Hungary 55: Pfizer Charles Pfizer and Charles Erhart, Germany 64: Ingram Micro Geza Czige, Hungary 72: Merck Theodore Weicker, Germany 75: Honeywell International Albert Butz, Switzerland 79: Cigna John Nesbitt, Ireland 82: TIAA Andrew Carnegie, Scotland 83: INTL FCStone Saul Stone, Russia 88: General Dynamics John Philip Holland, Ireland 89: TJX Companies Max Feldberg and Morris Feldberg, Russia 95: Exelon Samuel Insull, England Martha C. White Email Topics Business News, Politics News, U.S. news, World First Published Jan 30 2017, 12:48 pm ET Next Story Amid H-1B Visa Lawsuit, Harley-Davidson Execs Roll up to the White House advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
Close Skip to main content sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Public Leaders Network Global public leaders In two minds: governments' quantum leap into the future Governments are investing millions in quantum in the hope it might help save lives. But will this gamble on subatomic particles pay off? Canadian prime minister Justin Trudeau has in-depth knowledge of quantum computing and has authorised $50m investment in the technology. Photograph: Andrew Harnik/AP Supported by About this content Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Davey Winder Thursday 2 February 2017 19.01 EST Last modified on Thursday 2 February 2017 19.04 EST Governments around the world are taking a leap into the future by investing heavily in quantum technology research. The UK alone has pledged £270m over five years, with the more cautious Australian government promising a AU$25m (£15m) investment over the same period, and the Canadians putting in $50m (£31m). So just what are they investing in, and why? While the end product may be some way off, quantum technologies promise to deliver multibillion-pound industries across multiple sectors in return for that investment. Quantum has touched a political nerve, from the UK’s National Quantum Technologies Programme, Australia’s Centre for Quantum Computation and Communication Technology or the European Union’s €1bn (£0.9bn) for an EU quantum manifesto, not to mention Canadian prime minister Justin Trudeau’s well-documented knowledge of the topic. What is quantum technology? Has the age of quantum computing arrived? Read more When you think of quantum you’re transported into the subatomic world of Schrödinger and his cat and the ability to be in two states at the same time. In the case of the cat, locked in a box with a randomly triggered radiation source, it’s both alive and dead until the box is opened and it can be observed as either one or the other. In the quantum computing world, the bits at the heart of a computer with a binary state of either one or zero become qubits (quantum bits), which can simultaneously be a one, zero, both or anything in-between. If a binary system has a one or zero at opposite poles of a sphere, then a quantum one has values anywhere and everywhere. This makes a quantum system fast at calculating because it can test every possibility simultaneously; no waiting for one calculation after another. Interrupt it at any given time to collapse it at one of its states, and hey presto you have your answer. There is, of course, a caveat: you have to control the qubits and the subatomic particles in which they are stored. And that is very, very hard indeed. Even the likes of Intel, which last year pledged $50m (£39m) to quantum computing research at the University of Delft, admit that a practical quantum computer is at least a decade away. Privacy is dead What can we look forward to when quantum computers do arrive? Well, there’s the death of encryption for a start. Encryption of data relies upon how time consuming it is to factor very large numbers into two primes. A quantum computer will quickly decrypt data that would take billions of years today. You might think this bad from the security perspective, allowing criminals to decrypt every encrypted database. But quantum research is expensive, very expensive. So the “good guys”, with the government budgets, will get the tech first, by a long margin. And when the bad guys do get all the gear, what quantum giveth it will soon taketh away again. While quantum computers will crack most any encryption, you’ll know your data’s been looked at, thanks to something called entanglement. Einstein called this “spooky action at a distance” and spooky it may be, but it does provide us with perfect privacy. Quantum key distribution systems are already being developed that will know if they are being eavesdropped on and stop communicating until the spy goes away. What will governments do with quantum? Can quantum help governments wage war? Perhaps. The Ministry of Defence lab at Porton Down has been developing a device to measure tiny fluctuations in gravitational pull, which would act like super accurate radar, with the capability to see through walls or deep underground. Relativity v quantum mechanics – the battle for the universe Read more But some of the most exciting possibilities lie in the area of public health. Researchers at the University of Glasgow, working for one of the quantum technology hubs, established through £120m of UK investment, are hoping to revolutionise quantum imaging. Their projects include developing ultrasensitive cameras that can actually detect light down to a single photon. This has the potential to detect cancer without invasive medical imaging. And Australian researchers from the government-funded Centre for Quantum Computation and Communication Technology are taking the field of medical imaging into a whole new dimension. Rather than using magnets to create 3D images, the team’s nano-MRI project uses the natural magnetic properties of the qubit to, in theory at least, allow imaging at the molecular level. If used to determine the structure of biomolecules such as proteins it could overcome many issues researchers face when developing new drugs. At the moment quantum computing is largely speculative and hugely expensive. It has staggering potential, but it remains to be seen whether governments’ investments will pay off in the real world of public services. Talk to us on Twitter via @Guardianpublic and sign up for your free weekly Guardian Public Leaders newsletter with news and analysis sent direct to you every Thursday. More features Topics Central government Public services policy Computing Physics Civil service Justin Trudeau Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Public Leaders Network › Central government Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
OregonLive.com Menu Home News by Topic News by Location Sports High School Sports Entertainment/Lifestyle Eat, Drink, Cook Opinion Real Estate Obituaries Jobs Autos Classifieds Connect With Us Extras Subscribe Back to Main Menu Crime Trending Politics Watchdog Education Environment Health Business Video Photos Marijuana Diversity Traffic Interactive Maps & Charts Columnists/Voice Back to Main Menu Politics Home My Government Back to Main Menu Education Home My Schools Back to Main Menu Business News Home Real Estate News It's Only Money Oregon & the Economy Playbooks & Profits Silicon Forest Window Shop Business Public Blog Back to Main Menu Steve Duin Samantha Swindler Tom Hallman Jr. Mark Katches John Canzano Kristi Turnquist Grant Butler Jessica Greif Teresa Mahoney Dave Killen Back to Main Menu Portland Pacific Northwest Multnomah County Washington County Clackamas County Clark County Oregon U.S./World Back to Main Menu Oregon Sports John Canzano Ducks Beavers Blazers Pilots Thorns Timbers Vikings NFL NBA MLB Recruiting News Sports on TV More Sports Back to Main Menu NCAA Pac-12 Hops Track & Field Winterhawks Back to Main Menu Boys Girls Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Basketball Swimming Wrestling Back to Main Menu Basketball Swimming Dance and Drill Back to Main Menu Football Baseball Softball Volleyball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Back to Main Menu TV Movies Music Best of Living Homes & Gardens Travel & Outdoors Arts & Performance Books Pets Vintage Oregon Events Advice Puzzles & Games Comics Back to Main Menu Cheap Eats Dining Out Portland's Best Restaurants Recipes Cooking Beer Bars Wine Back to Main Menu The Stump Editorials Letters to the Editor My Oregon OpEd Elizabeth Hovde David Sarasohn Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Twitter Facebook Instagram Pinterest Our Staff Oregonian Plus Members Buy an ad Back to Main Menu Find & Save Local Businesses Living Plus Travel Plus Back to Main Menu The Oregonian Digital Edition Manage your subscription Email newsletters Mobile apps Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search OregonLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to OregonLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Oregonian Digital Edition Manage your subscription Email newsletters Mobile apps comments Microsoft asks for exceptions to Trump travel ban for workers, students Earns Microsoft In a letter sent Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, to the State Department and Department of Homeland Security, Microsoft said that visas sponsored by companies or academic institutions should bypass the Trump administration's immigration ban because they have already gone through a rigorous vetting process. (The Associated Press) Print Email The Seattle Times By The Seattle Times The Oregonian on February 02, 2017 at 9:05 PM, updated February 02, 2017 at 9:34 PM comments SEATTLE -- Microsoft on Thursday asked the U.S. government to carve out exceptions to President Donald Trump's U.S. entry ban for people with visas sponsored by companies or academic institutions. In a letter sent to the State Department and Department of Homeland Security, Microsoft President and Chief Legal Officer Brad Smith said people on work and student visas have already gone through a rigorous vetting process. Smith proposed that, in cases of family emergencies or business travel, they should be allowed to travel abroad and re-enter the U.S. "These are not people trying to avoid detection," Smith said in the letter, addressed to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly. "Rather, these individuals are 'known quantities' in their communities: their character, personalities, conduct, and behavior is well recognized and understood by their employers, colleagues, friends, and neighbors." Trump's executive order, signed last Friday, set a 90-day ban on entry into the U.S. for citizens of Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan and Yemen, and set a 120-day halt on entry for all refugees. It sparked protests nationwide and drew opposition from a wide range of civil liberties groups, companies and academic institutions. Microsoft called the move a "fundamental step backwards" that endangered the country's values and reputation. In Smith's request Thursday, he highlighted some of the hardships presented to Microsoft employees caught up in the order. One woman who has accepted a job offer in the U.S. has been unable to enter the country. Some employees have been separated from spouses, and at least one is confronted with the choice of visiting a dying parent overseas and perhaps not being allowed to return. Other large companies have voiced dismay over the ban. Intel's Brian Krzanich and Nike's Mark Parker were among several high-profile chief executives to issue statements condemning the order. Microsoft's request asked that holders of temporary work or student visas, and their visa-holding immediate family members, be allowed to travel abroad for up to two weeks on business trips, or to address family emergencies. In a blog post, Smith said Microsoft's request wasn't the end of the company's involvement in the debate around the executive order. "But even amidst these debates, there is an opportunity under the executive order to address the pressing needs of real people," Smith said. - The Seattle Times Most Read Business Briefing The top business headlines of the day delivered to your inbox. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for subscribing! To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us About OregonLive.com Our Journalists Contact the newsroom Join our team Frequently Asked Questions Subscriber Services Advertise with us Subscribe Today The Oregonian Email Newsletters Already a Subscriber Manage your Subscription Delivery Feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment OregonLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Opinion Obituaries Videos Weather Sitemap & search Your Regional News Pages Clackamas County Gresham Portland Washington County Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on OregonLive.com Classifieds Jobs Autos Rentals Real Estate Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sponsor Content Local Deals Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram | Tumblr Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Oregon Live LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Oregon Live LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Main Menu Your Mutual Funds May Have Bets On Super Bowl Advertisers 3 February 2017Military News Shutterstock photo As you sit back on Sunday to enjoy the Super Bowl, the New England Patriots and the Atlanta Falcons are not the only teams you could have a rooting interest in. Through mutual funds in which you are a shareholder, you may have a financial stake in the annual sports and advertising extravaganza. More than 10,000 mutual funds hold shares in at least six companies that are running ads during the game in NRG Stadium in Houston, which is expected to be watched by more than 100 million viewers. The ranks of those funds include some of the biggest names in the industry. That puts the odds in your favor that a slice of your portfolio may gain value, depending on the impact of ads during the National Football League’s championship game. The odds go up that your portfolio will be impacted when the pool of mutual funds is expanded to account for ads before and after the game as well. Advertisers range from the very familiar such as Budweiser beer, whose parent company is Anheuser Busch InBev ( BUD ), and carmaker Mercedes-Benz, owned by Daimler ( DDAIF ), to lesser-known enterprise software company Wix.com ( WIX ). IBD’S TAKE: IBD reported Thursday that German automaker Daimler said that its fourth-quarter net profit rose 18%, but the firm offered only modest guidance for future earnings as it gets ready to spend on new models and advanced technologies such as autonomous driving. Mutual funds owning a piece of advertisers in the big game include $104 billion Fidelity Contrafund ( FCNTX ), $82.2 billion American Funds Investment Company of America ( AIVSX ), $40.9 billion MFS Value (MEIAX), $16.7 billion T. Rowe Price New Horizons (PRNHX), $13.1 billion JPMorgan U.S. Equity (JUEAX), $12 billion Franklin Growth (FKGRX) and $8.5 billion Hartford Capital Appreciation (ITHAX). Other funds with players in the ad contest: $7.5 billion MFS Total Return (MSFRX), $6.8 billion Vanguard Total International Stock Index (VGTSX), $5.7 billion ClearBridge Large Cap Growth (SBLGX), $4.8 billion Goldman Sachs Mid Cap Value (GCMAX), $4.6 billion AMG Yacktman Focused (YAFFX) and $3.3 billion Alger Capital Appreciation (ALARX). Those funds are among the stock owners in six publicly traded companies that are slated, according to superbowlcommercials.co, to advertise on television during the Super Bowl: Budweiser, Intel (INTC), Mercedes-Benz, Mountain Dew (PEP), Victoria’s Secret (LB) and Wix.com. Altogether, 10,898 mutual funds held stakes in those six companies or their corporate parents as of Dec. 31. Their positions in the six amounted to 2.49 billion shares. Mutual funds held just 1.3% of total shares in Budweiser owner Anheuser Busch InBev. Mutual funds owned 40.7% of Wix.com, an Israeli company that offers customers a web development platform. Mutual funds held 39.1% of the shares in Victoria’s Secret parent L Brands, 34.8% of Intel, 31.7% of Mountain Dew parent PepsiCo and 26.6% of Mercedes driver Daimler’s ADRs. RELATED: Where Mutual Fund Bigwigs Expect To See Stock Gains In 2017 2017 Personal Finance Action Plan & 2016 Stock Market Review The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. Posted Under Uncategorized Tagged American Football Companies company Industry Markets Sports Technology Uncategorized Video Games Post navigation Advanced Disposal Announces Entry Into New Indiana Market Through Acquisition of CGS Services Focus on American Funds American Balanced R5 Fund (RLBFX) Search Search for: Partners US Restaurants Copyright © 2017 MilTech. Proudly powered by WordPress. | Theme: Awaken by ThemezHut.
Software store | AliExpress | MightyApe | The Grand Tour | Amazon Prime | Amazon Fire TV | Amazon (Kindle, books, electronics) Home Forums News Reviews Price comparison Email Blasts Slack Search Contact Welcome Guest. You haven't logged in yet. If you don't have an account you can register now. Forums › Jobs › Wanted: Project Manager (Digital) - Preferably Hamilton Based, but Auckland a possibility. DaveDog 187 posts Master Geek +1 received by user: 63 Topic # 208260 3-Feb-2017 15:51 My employer is looking for a Project Manager (Digital), so I thought I'd pop it here... In the first instance, send (PM) your applications to me and I'll happily pass them on...   Project Manager - Digital   MEA is global, tech-loving agency. We’re a 60-strong team of problem-solving creatives and developers with a proven history of delivering great work for great clients. With five offices across New Zealand and the United States we’re both a full-service creative agency and a digital product lab. To date, we have developed and released over 300 apps and websites with millions of downloads. We work with top businesses and institutions in New Zealand and internationally with brands such as Levis, Samsung, ESPN, Intel, Blackberry and RipCurl. We are extremely proud to have worked on great projects over multiple industries including agri-business, education, science, banking, engineering and entertainment. Joining this business means that you will have an opportunity to work within a multi skilled, cross-functional team of designers and developers and be part of a business that’s making waves. You will be managing a variety of projects and it is an excellent environment to develop your project management skills and work on some exciting new developments. Here’s what we need:     Three to five years’ experience in the management of projects in a multi project, software environment A tertiary qualification in computer science or equivalent Project management certification or proven results in industry Excellent customer service and communication skills Great organisation skills and time management ability A passion for the industry and new technologies Ability to work with a diverse team A flexible approach and the ability to use initiative and think well on your feet Must be a permanent NZ resident.     Preferably this position will be Hamilton based, but Auckland applicants are invited. There is scope to base this position in our Auckland office. Twitter » Follow us to receive Twitter updates when new discussions are posted in our forums: Follow @geekzonenzforum Follow us to receive Twitter updates when news items and blogs are posted in our frontpage: Follow @geekz1 Follow us to receive Twitter updates when tech item prices are listed in our price comparison site: Follow @geekzoneprices News » Opportunity for New Zealanders to have their say on personal data use Posted 2-Feb-2017 19:39 New Zealand government secures major agreement with HP Enterprise Posted 1-Feb-2017 17:02 Spark store ram-raided, stolen phones blocked on all NZ networks Posted 1-Feb-2017 15:54 Telstra, Ericsson, Qualcomm Technologies and NETGEAR deliver commercial Gigabit LTE network Posted 1-Feb-2017 09:07 IBM: your computer can help scientists search for new childhood cancer treatments Posted 1-Feb-2017 08:11 Malwarebytes releases Global State of Malware Report Posted 1-Feb-2017 08:00 Geekzone Live » Try automatic live updates from Geekzone directly in your browser, without refreshing the page, with Geekzone Live now. Updates » Are you subscribed to our RSS feed? You can download the latest headlines and summaries from our stories directly to your computer or smartphone by using a feed reader. Alternatively, you can receive a daily email with Geekzone updates. RSS feeds Main feed Forums feed All RSS feeds Site features Geekzone Mobile Geekzone Badges Geekzone Slack channel Geekzone on Twitter Geekzone Dashboard Geekzone offers Amazon orders (Kindle, books, everything) MightyApe orders Geekzone software store Payoneer card Site Information Subscribe to Geekzone Privacy Statement Forum Usage Guidelines (FUG) Advertising on Geekzone Trademark and copyright ©2002-2017 Geekzone®
Software store | AliExpress | MightyApe | The Grand Tour | Amazon Prime | Amazon Fire TV | Amazon (Kindle, books, electronics) Home Forums News Reviews Price comparison Email Blasts Slack Search Contact Welcome Guest. You haven't logged in yet. If you don't have an account you can register now. Forums › Jobs › Wanted: Project Manager (Digital) - Preferably Hamilton Based, but Auckland a possibility. DaveDog 187 posts Master Geek +1 received by user: 63 Topic # 208260 3-Feb-2017 15:51 My employer is looking for a Project Manager (Digital), so I thought I'd pop it here... In the first instance, send (PM) your applications to me and I'll happily pass them on...   Project Manager - Digital   MEA is global, tech-loving agency. We’re a 60-strong team of problem-solving creatives and developers with a proven history of delivering great work for great clients. With five offices across New Zealand and the United States we’re both a full-service creative agency and a digital product lab. To date, we have developed and released over 300 apps and websites with millions of downloads. We work with top businesses and institutions in New Zealand and internationally with brands such as Levis, Samsung, ESPN, Intel, Blackberry and RipCurl. We are extremely proud to have worked on great projects over multiple industries including agri-business, education, science, banking, engineering and entertainment. Joining this business means that you will have an opportunity to work within a multi skilled, cross-functional team of designers and developers and be part of a business that’s making waves. You will be managing a variety of projects and it is an excellent environment to develop your project management skills and work on some exciting new developments. Here’s what we need:     Three to five years’ experience in the management of projects in a multi project, software environment A tertiary qualification in computer science or equivalent Project management certification or proven results in industry Excellent customer service and communication skills Great organisation skills and time management ability A passion for the industry and new technologies Ability to work with a diverse team A flexible approach and the ability to use initiative and think well on your feet Must be a permanent NZ resident.     Preferably this position will be Hamilton based, but Auckland applicants are invited. There is scope to base this position in our Auckland office. Twitter » Follow us to receive Twitter updates when new discussions are posted in our forums: Follow @geekzonenzforum Follow us to receive Twitter updates when news items and blogs are posted in our frontpage: Follow @geekz1 Follow us to receive Twitter updates when tech item prices are listed in our price comparison site: Follow @geekzoneprices News » Opportunity for New Zealanders to have their say on personal data use Posted 2-Feb-2017 19:39 New Zealand government secures major agreement with HP Enterprise Posted 1-Feb-2017 17:02 Spark store ram-raided, stolen phones blocked on all NZ networks Posted 1-Feb-2017 15:54 Telstra, Ericsson, Qualcomm Technologies and NETGEAR deliver commercial Gigabit LTE network Posted 1-Feb-2017 09:07 IBM: your computer can help scientists search for new childhood cancer treatments Posted 1-Feb-2017 08:11 Malwarebytes releases Global State of Malware Report Posted 1-Feb-2017 08:00 Geekzone Live » Try automatic live updates from Geekzone directly in your browser, without refreshing the page, with Geekzone Live now. Updates » Are you subscribed to our RSS feed? You can download the latest headlines and summaries from our stories directly to your computer or smartphone by using a feed reader. Alternatively, you can receive a daily email with Geekzone updates. RSS feeds Main feed Forums feed All RSS feeds Site features Geekzone Mobile Geekzone Badges Geekzone Slack channel Geekzone on Twitter Geekzone Dashboard Geekzone offers Amazon orders (Kindle, books, everything) MightyApe orders Geekzone software store Payoneer card Site Information Subscribe to Geekzone Privacy Statement Forum Usage Guidelines (FUG) Advertising on Geekzone Trademark and copyright ©2002-2017 Geekzone®
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Apple's working on its own chip for the MacBook Pro (Apple Byte Extra Crunchy, Ep. 70) Thanks to the iPhone, Apple's had its best quarter ever. Apple wants to be less dependent on Intel chips, and is Prince coming to Apple Music? Tech Culture by Brian Tong February 2, 2017 4:57 PM PST @briantong by Stephen Beacham February 2, 2017 4:57 PM PST @stephenbeacham Up Next Tech companies newest cause celebre? Boycott Breitbart Subscribe to the Apple Byte Podcast iTunes MP3 | RSS MP3 | FeedBurner MP3 SoundCloud | Google Play | TuneIn iTunes video | RSS video | FeedBurner video YouTube | Livestream | Stitcher Extra Crunchy Podcast, Ep. 70 Your browser does not support the audio element. THE APPLE BYTE EXTRA CRUNCHY SHOW NOTES: Apple's record breaking quarter iPhone 7 propels Apple to record-shattering sales Apple Reports Record Results for 1Q 2017: $17.9B Profit on $78.4B Revenue, 78.3M iPhones Apple bumps Samsung from top spot in smartphone share w/ record Q4 iPhone sales iPad Sales "We've got some exciting things coming on iPad and I'm optimistic about where things are headed," said Apple CEO Tim Cook. "Customer satisfaction is through the roof. iPad Pro at 99%. So I see a lot of good things and hope for better results." Tim Cook says more features planned for Apple TV, notes of 'cable bundle beginning to break down' Apple Watch Dominated Holiday Season With Estimated 5.2 Million Shipments Apple Said to Work on Mac Chip That Would Lessen Intel Role Apple AirPods silently receive bug fix firmware update to version 3.5.1 Facebook reportedly working on an app for Apple TV for long-form video content LG UltraFine 5K Display, Apple's external monitor solution, can become unusable when near a router Justin Long, actor who played the Mac in Apple ad campaign, now appearing in (terrible) Huawei ad [Video] Following Mario's mobile success, Nintendo plans to release 2-3 new iPhone games each year Prince's music reportedly coming to Apple Music, other platforms on February 12 CALL US: 1-800-616-2638 SOCIAL NETWORKING: Tweet at Brian Tong on Twitter Tweet to Stephen Beacham on Twitter With contribution from Stephen Beacham. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Apple Byte Tech Culture Gadgets Apple Music MacOS Related Stories Justin Bieber is oddly delightful in T-Mobile's Super Bowl ad Could superheroes move from fantasy to reality? (Farsighted Podcast, Ep 4) Hackers loop anti-Donald Trump rap song on several radio stations This YouTube channel turns pop songs into every musical style Close   Discuss: Apple's working on its own chip for the MacBook... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Tech companies newest cause celebre? Boycott Breitbart New Porsche Panamera E-Hybrid has great looks and green cred The first generation of Porsche Panamera may not have won everyone over but the latest incarnation might. The e-Hybrid version also adds a responsible options for those wanting to drive a little greener. by Drew Stearne 9:09 ZeniMax awarded $500M, AT&T launching 5G in two cities The tech world's biggest stories include ZeniMax's $500M award in its Oculus suit, AT&T bringing 5G to two cities and Snap's new AR tech can overlay images in the real world. by Jeff Bakalar Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan AT&T to start rolling out 5G markets in Austin, Indianapolis At launch, the wireless networks should offer theoretical peak speeds of 400Mbps, reaching peak speeds up to 1Gbps in some areas later in the year. By Stephanie Condon for Between the Lines | February 1, 2017 -- 20:34 GMT (12:34 PST) | Topic: Networking AT&T announced on Wednesday that it's rolling out so-called 5G "evolution markets" in Austin and Indianapolis this summer, as part of a broader push to upgrade its networks. This showcase markets will start out with theoretical peak speeds of 400Mbps. That's five times faster than what AT&T currently offers in terms of wireless connectivity, AT&T CTO Andre Fuetsch noted at an event in San Francisco, Calif., on Wednesday. However, it doesn't meet the typical standard for 5G, which is supposed to reach 1Gbps. AT&T said it expects to enable theoretical peak speeds of up to 1Gbps in some areas by the end of the year. Additionally, the company announced it's building two new 5G testbeds that will go on-air this spring at the AT&T Labs in Austin. This comes on the heels of the 5G network test AT&T launched at Intel's Austin office last year. The new testbeds will support the 5G trial it's starting for DirecTV NOW customers in Austin, Texas. They include dedicated 5G outdoor and indoor test locations and will feature flexible infrastructure, allowing for updates as 5G standards develop. AT&T announced its 5G developments as part of "Indigo" -- its plan to upgrade and enhance its networks with 5G capabilities, software-defined networking, big data, AI, and improved security. As part of its Indigo rollout, AT&T also announced that its new goal of hitting 55-percent network virtualization by the end of 2017. The company has already converted 34 percent of its network functionality to SDN and is on track to hit 75 percent by 2020. Additionally, AT&T announced that ECOMP, the orchestration platform created to power its software-defined network, will be part of an open source project hosted by the Linux Foundation. Special Feature Next Generation Networks The rising tides of big data, video, and cloud computing are driving tremendous demand for faster and more efficient networks. We delve into how things like software-defined networks (SDN) and new wireless technologies are enabling business transformation. Read More Video: Starman and Nokia to deploy Europe's first nationwide 10G fiber network Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Telcos ACCC makes final decision to regulate ADSL during NBN transition Networking iiNet experiencing nationwide email fault Mobility Vodafone uses NBN to extend its mobile coverage Security Telstra: Some SMS messages 'incorrectly delivered' after exchange fire × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Neuromorphic Chip Market: U.S. Neuromorphic Chip Market Projected to Register High Y-o-Y Growth During the Forecast Period: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment, 2016-2026 News provided by ReportBuyer Feb 02, 2017, 18:21 ET Share this article LONDON, Feb. 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- North America region to stretch the periphery of the global neuromorphic chip market The global neuromorphic chip market is expected to witness a significant surge by the end of 2026. The market will record a CAGR of 20.7% within the forecast period (2016 – 2026). The value of the global neuromorphic chip market crossed US$ 1,420 Mn in 2015 and is expected to touch an approximate value of US$ 10,810 Mn by the end of 2026. The market is likely to showcase an incremental dollar opportunity of more than US$ 9,170 Mn during the period of forecast. In terms of revenue the North America neuromorphic chip market is projected to be the most attractive region. The North America neuromorphic chip market was valued at more than US$ 400 Mn in 2015 and is expected to surpass the value of US$ 2,700 Mn by the end of 2026. The market will expand at a CAGR of 19.7% in terms of value over the forecast period. This booming regional market is expected to represent an incremental dollar opportunity of more than US$ 2,300 Mn during the period of assessment. Recent trends in North America include convergence of new and advanced technologies with existing technologies to enhance operations in different verticals such as automobiles and aerospace & defence. Neuromorphic chips, built with hundreds of neurons, are being tested for application in unmanned drones. A chip that works on a complex pattern matching algorithm is being developed to be able to identify and store the signal patterns emitted from the surroundings of any defined space. Using this information, the chip will enable the drone to recognise the space the next time it is at the same location. For applications in the automotive industry, with the help of other technologies such as signal processing etc., the chip is expected to help drivers in taking better informed decisions by offering data and information about their immediate surroundings. In the U.S., the government is taking initiatives to promote research and development of advanced technologies, which can replace or enhance existing non-efficient ones. Moreover, the U.S. government is taking advantage of the presence of established players for conducting research and development studies for neuromorphic chips. Furthermore, companies are focussing on agreements and collaborations in order to develop neuromorphic chips with advanced features. In 2013, DARPA started a project with the objective to develop neuromorphic chips technology, which would be comparable to a mammal's brain. DARPA signed on established players such as IBM Corporation and HRL Laboratories, LLC, for this project. North America neuromorphic chip market: Segment wise performance report In terms of value, image recognition segment is estimated to be the most attractive in the North America neuromorphic chip market over the forecast period. In terms of revenue, image recognition segment is projected to be the most lucrative segment in the North America neuromorphic chip market during the forecast period. However, signal recognition segment is expected to register high Y-o-Y growth rates throughout the forecast period. In terms of value, this segment is expected to expand at a CAGR of 21.2% during the forecast period. In terms of value, the consumer electronics segment is expected to expand at a CAGR of 25.0% during the forecast period. The aerospace & defence segment is expected to be the most attractive segment in the neuromorphic chip market in North America. In 2015 the automotive segment was valued at more than US$ 80 Mn and it is expected to be valued close to US$ 530 Mn by the end of 2026, expanding at a CAGR of 18.4 % between 2016 and 2026. Leading market players are planning to dominate the global and regional markets through new strategic tie-ups and innovations IBM was awarded 7,355 patents in the US in 2015, putting it in the leading position for the 23rd consecutive year Intel Corporation invested US$ 12.1 Bn on R&D in 2015. Such high R&D investments allow the company to develop leading proprietary technologies and attain a strong leadership position. In September 2016, General Vision collaborated with Mando-Hella Electronics Corp. – a tier1 South Korean automotive systems manufacturer, to develop advanced driver assistance and monitoring systems integrated with NeuroMem technology, enabling advanced image recognition and multisensory pattern recognition Hewlett Packard Labs focusses on transferring advanced technologies into innovative products in order to propel the company's growth, maintain industry leadership and competitive advantage HRL Laboratories focusses on widening its products portfolio reach into new application areas, which helps the company gain a competitive edge Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4665964/ About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers http://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/neuromorphic-chip-market-us-neuromorphic-chip-market-projected-to-register-high-y-o-y-growth-during-the-forecast-period-global-industry-analysis-and-opportunity-assessment-2016-2026-300401740.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Related Links http://www.reportbuyer.com Feb 02, 2017, 18:23 ET Preview: Cosmetic Pencil & Pen Packaging Market: Asia Pacific to Record Steady Y-O-Y Growth Rate Throughout the Forecast Period: Global Industry Analysis & Opportunity Assessment, 2016-2024 Feb 02, 2017, 18:21 ET Preview: Biodiesel Market by Feedstock Type, Animal Fats, Brown Grease/ Trap Grease, Application, and Region - Global Forecast to 2021 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Feb 02, 2017, 18:26 ET2017 Asia-Pacific Infectious Disease Testing Market: Sales and... Feb 02, 2017, 18:25 ETAir Separation Plant Market by Process, Gas, End User, Region -... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Publishing & Information Services Biotechnology Health Care & Hospitals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Neuromorphic Chip Market: U.S. Neuromorphic Chip Market Projected to Register High Y-o-Y Growth During the Forecast Period: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment, 2016-2026 News provided by ReportBuyer Feb 02, 2017, 18:21 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In

RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Friday, February 03, 2017 4:47 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 33°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Advertisers eye winning Super Bowl strategy Friday February 3, 2017 02:45 PM GMT+8 ICYMI ProjekMMO: Kenapa sihir guna jin Islam lebih mahal? Hasselbaink: Conte has earned utmost respect from his players The Edit: Gaga promises Super Bowl message of inclusion Dego Ride wants to be ‘B40 for B40’ service in Malaysia Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Quarterback Cam Newton #1 of the Carolina Panthers (left) and model Miranda Kerr pose for a photo at 'Buick Super Bowl ad featuring the cascada and encore with football star Cam Newton and supermodel Miranda Kerr on January 13, 2017 in Los Angeles, California. ― Emma McIntyre/Getty Images for Buick/AFPWASHINGTON, Feb 3 — There’s the new Wonder Woman actress in action and a sexed-up Mr Clean. And some political messages too — but only if you pay close attention. Sunday’s Super Bowl is not just the biggest US sporting event, it’s also the most important event of the year for advertisers. For some, the clash of top marketers overshadows the premier American football game. The Super Bowl is expected to draw more than 110 million US viewers, and a 30-second spot on the Fox network will cost an estimated US$5 million (RM22.12 million). This offers both challenges and risks for brands, according to Tim Calkins, professor at Northwestern University’s Kellogg School of Management, who leads a Super Bowl ad review with his students. Calkins said the event — a matchup in Houston between the New England Patriots and Atlanta Falcons — draws in many people who are not football fans, giving the ads greater prominence. “A lot of people aren’t interested in the game, and many of them focus on the ads more than the game itself,” he said. “This is a rare opportunity to reach a huge amount of the US population at one time. There’s nothing anywhere that comes close to this for marketers.” Brands are pulling out all the stops to stand out. Hyundai, the South Korean automaker, hired film director Peter Berg, known for Patriots Day and Deepwater Horizon, to create a 90-second “documentary” filmed and produced entirely during the game. “We wanted to push the creativity and storytelling even further,” said Hyundai marketing chief Dean Evans. Another “live” ad will be created for Snickers with actor Adam Driver, which will follow a 36-hour livestream by the Mars brand on its own site and on Facebook. An immigrant’s tale Some advertisers also appear to be making an end run around the ban on overtly political ads. One of them is Budweiser, whose ad tells a 60-second story about its founder, Adolphus Busch, and his journey as a German immigrant — a theme set to make waves as debate rages over US immigration policy. “This commercial shows the start of Budweiser’s journey, and while it is set in the 1800s, it’s a story we believe will resonate with today’s entrepreneurial generation — those who continue strive for their dreams,” said Ricardo Marques, vice president of the Anheuser-Busch beer brand. The brewer “told us they wanted to celebrate those who embody the American spirit,” said Mike Byrne of the agency Anomaly, which created the ad called “Born the Hard Way.” Ads seen as too political or provocative can be rejected, and home improvement retailer 84 Lumber was forced to revise its original concept, which had depicted a border wall. The ad, which aims to recruit new employees, originally included a wall blocking people looking for work — an image deemed too sensitive in light of President Donald Trump’s plan for a wall on the border with Mexico. Audi’s “Daughter” ad also offers political overtones with a story of a girl competing in a cart race and a message of equal pay for women. Mr Clean gets dirty At the provocative end of the ad spectrum, Procter & Gamble turns Mr Clean into a household sex symbol in the spot dubbed “Cleaner of Your Dreams.” “Mr Clean is showing off his strong and sexy side, and hopefully even inspiring men across America to pick up a mop and bucket themselves,”  said P&G vice president Martin Hettich. “Wonder Woman” actress Gal Gadot joins her Furious 7 partner Jason Stratham in an action-packed spot for website builder Wix.com created by French director Louis Leterrier, known for his Transporter and Incredible Hulk films. Some memorable spots from previous Super Bowls include Apple’s dystopian 1984 Ridley Scott ad launching the Macintosh, a 2011 ad celebrating Chrysler’s return from bankruptcy and Budweiser’s 2014 “puppy love” commercial showing a Clydesdale horse befriended by the canine. Some ads have done more harm than good: a notorious 2015 Nationwide Insurance ad featuring a young child who explains how he will miss out on life’s experiences because he is dead missed its target by a long shot. This year, newcomers such as Australian winemaker Yellow Tail (helped by a kangaroo) will join well-known brands such as Intel, TurboTax and Avocados from Mexico and several automakers and consumer brands. Larry Chiagouris, a professor of marketing at Pace University, said the Super Bowl offers a unique opportunity to promote or reposition a brand. He noted brand boosts from Super Bowl ads such as E-Trade, which launched its talking baby ad in 2008, and web hosting firm Go Daddy, with its scantily clad woman testifying before Congress. “The key has always been to have something that is not expected, not typical of the category,” Chiagouris said. The ads are worth it, “if you put the creative effort into it,” he said. “If it’s not creative, if it’s been seen before, it’s a waste of money.” ― AFP                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Uphill task for Geely if Proton deal goes through, research house says Chatime owner accuses Malaysian franchisee of using unapproved ingredients KL shares higher at mid-day If Trump hits China, regional demand would ease blow in Asia Moody’s eyes downgrade for Sime Darby after planned units spin-off Jakim’s new certification enables Halal Pharmaceuticals to expand locally, globally US airlines tumble amid fear Trump travel ban will spread An iPhone made in America? Not that simple, experts say Without immigrants, these world-renowned US companies wouldn’t exist (VIDEO) Oil groups slash costs, but investors spared Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: Uber CEO quits Trump’s business advisory group ‘Smurfs: The Lost Village’ gets a new trailer See this new clip for ‘John Wick: Chapter 2’ Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: Fancy a gourmet meal underwater? Related Articles Private jets descend on Houston for Super Bowl (VIDEO) Will be true to my beliefs during Super Bowl show, says Gaga (VIDEO) Heroic Rodgers adding to his legend Lady Gaga to headline Super Bowl 2017’s halftime show Watch the best food and beverage Super Bowl ads 2016 (VIDEO) Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
connexion Français English Español Português Deutsch العربية EN Seoul (AFP) - 02/03/2017 - 02:13 N. Korea nuclear attack would trigger 'overwhelming' response: Mattis Washington (AFP) - 02/03/2017 - 00:36 White House says new Israeli settlements 'may not be helpful' Washington (AFP) - 02/03/2017 - 00:22 US Vice President to visit Brussels, Munich: White House United Nations (United States) (AFP) - 02/02/2017 - 23:17 No lifting of Russia sanctions as long as Crimea annexed: US San Francisco (AFP) - 02/02/2017 - 22:53 Snapchat parent Snap to raise up to $3 bn in IPO Search form Search The News The Agency AFP management AFP in dates AFP in numbers AFP in the world AFP in pictures AFP Charter Awards Press releases and newsletter Subsidiaries Annual report Medialab Products Products and services Partners AFP News BUY OUR PRINTS You are here Home News Advertisers eye winning Super Bowl strategy 3 Feb 2017 Getty/AFP / Tim Warner The Super Bowl is expected to draw more than 110 million US viewers, and a 30-second advertising spot on the Fox network will cost an estimated $5 million There's the new "Wonder Woman" actress in action and a sexed-up Mr. Clean. And some political messages too -- but only if you pay close attention. Sunday's Super Bowl is not just the biggest US sporting event, it's also the most important event of the year for advertisers. For some, the clash of top marketers overshadows the premier American football game. The Super Bowl is expected to draw more than 110 million US viewers, and a 30-second spot on the Fox network will cost an estimated $5 million. This offers both challenges and risks for brands, according to Tim Calkins, professor at Northwestern University's Kellogg School of Management, who leads a Super Bowl ad review with his students. Calkins said the event -- a matchup in Houston between the New England Patriots and Atlanta Falcons -- draws in many people who are not football fans, giving the ads greater prominence. "A lot of people aren't interested in the game, and many of them focus on the ads more than the game itself," he said. "This is a rare opportunity to reach a huge amount of the US population at one time. There's nothing anywhere that comes close to this for marketers." Brands are pulling out all the stops to stand out. Hyundai, the South Korean automaker, hired film director Peter Berg, known for "Patriots Day" and "Deepwater Horizon," to create a 90-second "documentary" filmed and produced entirely during the game. "We wanted to push the creativity and storytelling even further," said Hyundai marketing chief Dean Evans. Another "live" ad will be created for Snickers with actor Adam Driver, which will follow a 36-hour livestream by the Mars brand on its own site and on Facebook. - An immigrant's tale - Some advertisers also appear to be making an end run around the ban on overtly political ads. One of them is Budweiser, whose ad tells a 60-second story about its founder, Adolphus Busch, and his journey as a German immigrant -- a theme set to make waves as debate rages over US immigration policy. "This commercial shows the start of Budweiser's journey, and while it is set in the 1800s, it's a story we believe will resonate with today's entrepreneurial generation -- those who continue strive for their dreams," said Ricardo Marques, vice president of the Anheuser-Busch beer brand. The brewer "told us they wanted to celebrate those who embody the American spirit,” said Mike Byrne of the agency Anomaly, which created the ad called "Born the Hard Way." Ads seen as too political or provocative can be rejected, and home improvement retailer 84 Lumber was forced to revise its original concept, which had depicted a border wall. The ad, which aims to recruit new employees, originally included a wall blocking people looking for work -- an image deemed too sensitive in light of President Donald Trump's plan for a wall on the border with Mexico. Audi's "Daughter" ad also offers political overtones with a story of a girl competing in a cart race and a message of equal pay for women. - Mr. Clean gets dirty - At the provocative end of the ad spectrum, Procter & Gamble turns Mr. Clean into a household sex symbol in the spot dubbed "Cleaner of Your Dreams." "Mr. Clean is showing off his strong and sexy side, and hopefully even inspiring men across America to pick up a mop and bucket themselves," said P&G vice president Martin Hettich. "Wonder Woman" actress Gal Gadot joins her "Furious 7" partner Jason Stratham in an action-packed spot for website builder Wix.com created by French director Louis Leterrier, known for his "Transporter" and "Incredible Hulk" films. Some memorable spots from previous Super Bowls include Apple's dystopian 1984 Ridley Scott ad launching the Macintosh, a 2011 ad celebrating Chrysler's return from bankruptcy and Budweiser's 2014 "puppy love" commercial showing a Clydesdale horse befriended by the canine. Some ads have done more harm than good: a notorious 2015 Nationwide Insurance ad featuring a young child who explains how he will miss out on life's experiences because he is dead missed its target by a long shot. This year, newcomers such as Australian winemaker Yellow Tail (helped by a kangaroo) will join well-known brands such as Intel, TurboTax and Avocados from Mexico and several automakers and consumer brands. Larry Chiagouris, a professor of marketing at Pace University, said the Super Bowl offers a unique opportunity to promote or reposition a brand. He noted brand boosts from Super Bowl ads such as E-Trade, which launched its talking baby ad in 2008, and web hosting firm Go Daddy, with its scantily clad woman testifying before Congress. "The key has always been to have something that is not expected, not typical of the category," Chiagouris said. The ads are worth it, "if you put the creative effort into it," he said. "If it's not creative, if it's been seen before, it's a waste of money." 3 Feb 2017 Previous Back to summary Next Newsletter AFP Subscribe to our newsletter AFP's worldwide network The global network of Agence France Presse covers 150 countries Find out more Find out more Contact us If you have news to share or a question, comment or suggestion, contact us via... MAIL Facebook Twitter Subsidiaries AFP Gmbh Sport Informations Dienst AFP-Services   About AFP AFP is a global news agency delivering fast, in-depth coverage of the events shaping our world from wars and conflicts to politics, sports, entertainment and the latest breakthroughs in health, science and technology. Useful links Site Map Contact us Terms of use Our Blog Correspondent Partners Business Wire News Press close
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Advertisers eye winning Super Bowl strategy By Afp Published: 01:37 EST, 3 February 2017 | Updated: 01:37 EST, 3 February 2017 e-mail There's the new "Wonder Woman" actress in action and a sexed-up Mr. Clean. And some political messages too -- but only if you pay close attention. Sunday's Super Bowl is not just the biggest US sporting event, it's also the most important event of the year for advertisers. For some, the clash of top marketers overshadows the premier American football game. The Super Bowl is expected to draw more than 110 million US viewers, and a 30-second spot on the Fox network will cost an estimated $5 million. The Super Bowl is expected to draw more than 110 million US viewers, and a 30-second advertising spot on the Fox network will cost an estimated $5 million ©Tim Warner (Getty/AFP) This offers both challenges and risks for brands, according to Tim Calkins, professor at Northwestern University's Kellogg School of Management, who leads a Super Bowl ad review with his students. Calkins said the event -- a matchup in Houston between the New England Patriots and Atlanta Falcons -- draws in many people who are not football fans, giving the ads greater prominence. "A lot of people aren't interested in the game, and many of them focus on the ads more than the game itself," he said. "This is a rare opportunity to reach a huge amount of the US population at one time. There's nothing anywhere that comes close to this for marketers." Brands are pulling out all the stops to stand out. Hyundai, the South Korean automaker, hired film director Peter Berg, known for "Patriots Day" and "Deepwater Horizon," to create a 90-second "documentary" filmed and produced entirely during the game. "We wanted to push the creativity and storytelling even further," said Hyundai marketing chief Dean Evans. Another "live" ad will be created for Snickers with actor Adam Driver, which will follow a 36-hour livestream by the Mars brand on its own site and on Facebook. - An immigrant's tale - Some advertisers also appear to be making an end run around the ban on overtly political ads. One of them is Budweiser, whose ad tells a 60-second story about its founder, Adolphus Busch, and his journey as a German immigrant -- a theme set to make waves as debate rages over US immigration policy. "This commercial shows the start of Budweiser's journey, and while it is set in the 1800s, it's a story we believe will resonate with today's entrepreneurial generation -- those who continue strive for their dreams," said Ricardo Marques, vice president of the Anheuser-Busch beer brand. The brewer "told us they wanted to celebrate those who embody the American spirit,” said Mike Byrne of the agency Anomaly, which created the ad called "Born the Hard Way." Ads seen as too political or provocative can be rejected, and home improvement retailer 84 Lumber was forced to revise its original concept, which had depicted a border wall. The ad, which aims to recruit new employees, originally included a wall blocking people looking for work -- an image deemed too sensitive in light of President Donald Trump's plan for a wall on the border with Mexico. Audi's "Daughter" ad also offers political overtones with a story of a girl competing in a cart race and a message of equal pay for women. - Mr. Clean gets dirty - At the provocative end of the ad spectrum, Procter & Gamble turns Mr. Clean into a household sex symbol in the spot dubbed "Cleaner of Your Dreams." "Mr. Clean is showing off his strong and sexy side, and hopefully even inspiring men across America to pick up a mop and bucket themselves," said P&G vice president Martin Hettich. "Wonder Woman" actress Gal Gadot joins her "Furious 7" partner Jason Stratham in an action-packed spot for website builder Wix.com created by French director Louis Leterrier, known for his "Transporter" and "Incredible Hulk" films. Some memorable spots from previous Super Bowls include Apple's dystopian 1984 Ridley Scott ad launching the Macintosh, a 2011 ad celebrating Chrysler's return from bankruptcy and Budweiser's 2014 "puppy love" commercial showing a Clydesdale horse befriended by the canine. Some ads have done more harm than good: a notorious 2015 Nationwide Insurance ad featuring a young child who explains how he will miss out on life's experiences because he is dead missed its target by a long shot. This year, newcomers such as Australian winemaker Yellow Tail (helped by a kangaroo) will join well-known brands such as Intel, TurboTax and Avocados from Mexico and several automakers and consumer brands. Larry Chiagouris, a professor of marketing at Pace University, said the Super Bowl offers a unique opportunity to promote or reposition a brand. He noted brand boosts from Super Bowl ads such as E-Trade, which launched its talking baby ad in 2008, and web hosting firm Go Daddy, with its scantily clad woman testifying before Congress. "The key has always been to have something that is not expected, not typical of the category," Chiagouris said. The ads are worth it, "if you put the creative effort into it," he said. "If it's not creative, if it's been seen before, it's a waste of money." Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'She is devastated': Kylie Minogue 'ends engagement to Joshua Sasse following suspicions about his relationship with an actress' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Worse for wear David Beckham gallantly holds car door for Poppy Delevingne as they party together on her husband's birthday  George and Amal Clooney step out for a romantic dinner in Spain amid pregnancy rumours Ocean's Eleven star, 55, took his wife on a date Emily Ratajkowski flaunts her incredible curves and enviable abs in boho floral bikini as she smoulders in stunning new beach shoot 'The cancer has gone, we are very happy': Michael Bublé's son Noah, three, 'is recovering' from liver cancer according to his aunt Guest biogs, drones photographing from above and banquet feasting: 2017's HOTTEST wedding trends SPONSORED PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Amber Rose showcases her famous buxom curves in orange bikini as she chills out in Honolulu Beach babe  That's a slippery slope! The Jump's Spencer Matthews 'caught up in love triangle with co-stars Vogue Williams and Jade Jones' On thin ice 'Miss this face every day': Wayne Rooney posts heartfelt Instagram tribute to Coleen's late sister Rosie on her birthday... five years after death Angelina Jolie shares teaser of Netflix passion project she directed based on Cambodian genocide memoir Her Netflix passion project  Janet Jackson, 50, joins newborn son Eissa as he gets a visit from grandma Katherine, aunt Rebbie and uncle Randy Family fun She's got some front! Braless Dakota Johnson stuns in VERY plunging dress at Fifty Shades Darker premiere Exquisite No supporting act! Rita Ora steals the show at Fifty Shades Darker premiere in revealing dress...after being mocked for cameo role Dubbed her big break Where's the rest of it? Singer Halsey risks wardrobe malfunction with VERY revealing dress at Fifty Shades Darker premiere Left her cleavage bare Keeping mum! Rosie Huntington-Whiteley continues to spark pregnancy rumours as she protectively covers her tummy in LA Covered up What a drag! Scott Disick shares a suspicious-looking cigarette on his hotel balcony with a female friend  Smokin' (hot) women Kim Kardashian puts on eye-popping display in sheer tank as she steps out with sister Kourtney for dinner in Costa Rica Turning heads Getting hearts pumping! Mariah Carey hits the gym in cleavage-baring lingerie and HEELS She also needed her fishnet stockings  'I've not had a bum enlargement!' Comedian Katherine Ryan reveals shocking photo of her bare bottom covered in bruises is a FAKE Cheeky Red hot! Ashley James sizzles in flesh-flaunting mini dress as she showcases her ample cleavage and toned pins out in London Scarlet siren 'THICK!': Kylie Jenner shows off voluptuous figure in her own brand's yellow tracksuit Looking to make big inroads in the apparel market Christine Bleakley reveals retired footballer husband Frank Lampard has been 'in talks' to embark on acting career in Hollywood Scott Disick cosies up to a gaggle of women during trip to Miami after he professes love for on-off girlfriend Kourtney Kardashian Ladies man Make-up free Charlotte McKinney ditches the glamour as she steps out in sweats for casual day of shopping in West Hollywood Casual yet chic  Priorities in order! Heidi Klum reveals her panties as she pulls trousers down to her knees for a quick sunbathing session She's a cheeky one David Beckham opts for sunglasses and a low-key ensemble as he jets out of LAX... hours after partying with Poppy Delevingne Good night Love Island's Olivia Buckland looks effortlessly chic in a white leather jacket as she cuddles up to fiancé Alex Bowen That's a Lottie leg! Model Moss flashes her toned pins in thigh-skimming skirt as she makes an entrance at friend's birthday party Kate's little sister  Solange Knowles performs at free Super Bowl concert in Houston... just one day after sister Beyonce revealed she's pregnant with twins Meghan Markle has 'virtually moved in' with Prince Harry reveal friends of the actress as the pair enjoy a dinner date in London  'To the next level' 'Stop reaching!' Kylie Jenner, 19, calls fans 'f***** idiots' for claiming she wanted to make her waxwork's skin color darker than it really is Lambasted fans Handsome model David Gandy cuts a dapper figure in a dark camel coat as he steps out for lavish cocktail party Looking dapper  After the dramatic bus crash, life in Walford was (unfortunately) back to 'normal' in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley Anti-climatic Great guns! Chris Hemsworth's MASSIVE bulging bicep once again takes centre stage as fan tries to get in a selfie with star Australian actor 'I love you too dude': Kristen Stewart hypes Saturday Night Live hosting debut with Leslie Jones In a series of promotional clips for the NBC comedy PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Home sweet home! Neighbours welcome the Obamas back to their $4.3 million new D.C. home after their luxury break Kim Kardashian shows some leg in thigh-high lace-up boots as she steps out in NYC after meeting with French authorities for a second day in a row Blonde bombshell! Kim Basinger is back and how... as she wows on the red carpet in low-cut black gown at premiere of Fifty Shades Darker A part in erotic trilogy Miley Cyrus' sister Noah wears sheer dress to Fifty Shades Darker premiere in Los Angeles Make Me (Cry) songstress decided to show off her own flair Ferne McCann flashes her abs in a crop top as she films herself having non-surgical liposuction on her stomach after bum lift Back at it  'Not sure if I have the same confidence': Coco Austin shares throwback pic from racy car calendar shoot The 37-year-old shared a racy throwback pic Juliette Lewis shows off her svelte frame in skinny jeans with a khaki coat and hat while catching flight at LAX The actress cut a casual figure in skintight denim Blue jean baby! Paris Jackson wears crop top and denims with frayed cuffs as she enjoys a concert night out in LA Spotted leaving James Arthur's LA concert  Keri Russell wears minimal makeup as she steps out in skinny jeans and ankle boots while on the move in New York city Natural beauty Bundled up beauty! Zoe Kravitz dons blue duster coat with trousers and a heavy navy scarf while holding hands with boyfriend Karl Glusman She doesn't look a day older! Elle Macpherson, 52, shares a sweet throwback bikini photo of herself at the beach with her two sons in 2005 She's ripped! Kourtney Kardashian wears torn jeans and biker jacket as she takes daughter Penelope to Beverly Hills gallery Just back from holiday America's Next Top Model judge Tyson Beckford pulls GUN on process server outside his Miami apartment  A look back at Minogue's ill-fated relationships including her failed 'engagement' to Olivier Martinez as she 'splits from fiancé Joshua Sasse' ' 'She always wanted kids and I never did': Dannii Minogue spoke about her sister Kylie's, 48, hopes for a baby earlier this year Ended engagement Beyonce the work of art: Queen Bey's pregnancy photo series echoes famous paintings featuring Venus and the Virgin Mary Lena Dunham sports aggressive pink eyeshadow as she teams up with Girls cast at premiere of final season Heavy make-up Can't make up your mind? Allison Williams wears trousers AND a dress at premiere of Girls final season That's how you make an entrance... and an exit Leslie Mann looks smitten with Judd Apatow at Girls premiere... after revealing argument with daughters over 'inappropriate' snaps Leggy display! Erin McNaught flaunts her trim pins and flashes white lace bra in a thigh-skimming denim frock as she enjoys a pamper session 'She's the vilest woman I've ever met in my life': CBB's Coleen Nolan rants about Kim Woodburn as Nicola McLean vows to 'never to see her again'  'Prep with my man': Ellen Pompeo brings newborn son Eli to work as she gets ready for directorial debut on Grey's Anatomy Behind the scenes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Georgia May Jagger and Grumpy Cat make it a date: Party team up for party in Germany to celebrate calendars  Is she fur real? Selma Blair wears red coat reminiscent of bath robe with animal hair trim around Los Angeles Looked like a very cosy cover up Part of the squad! Kelsea Ballerini says pal Taylor Swift taught her how to deal with fame as she covers Billboard magazine 'I'm really disappointed to be out!' Vogue Williams forced to QUIT The Jump just days before anticipated launch after suffering serious knee injury Babies, let's get in Formation! Beyonce 'set to perform at this year's Grammy Awards' after revealing she's pregnant with twins No slowing down That's quite the pregnancy album! Beyonce displays her baby bump in underwater video after announcing she's having twins Red hot! Emma Roberts shows off her new fiery colored hair as she leaves the salon in Hollywood Sporting freshly coloured tresses 'Call your senator': Amy Schumer continues anti-Trump activism by urging fans to oppose 'unqualified' Education Secretary pick Betsy DeVos 'I'm a sex goddess!' Teen Holly Willoughby, 18, grabs her assets as she makes saucy profession in sizzling throwback lingerie ad 'You have to bite the bullet': Kristen Stewart admits she is dreading her SNL hosting debut on Saturday Even if vampires don't make her flinch Khloe Kardashian helps Lauren lose 50 pounds and reconnect with her dead father on E! reality show Revenge Body With a celebrity trainer Making waves! Karlie Kloss sports curly locks and monochrome mini dress  during high fashion Vogue photo shoot at Sydney's Bondi Beach Lena Dunham admits she crossed 'boundaries of professionalism' as she reveals she once 'made out' with a Girls guest star  James Corden jokes about being the lowest paid late night talk show host on television... ahead of Grammys hosting gig But he's hit the big time... 'I've had some really bad hairstyles': Shane Warne reveals style disasters as ex-cricketer celebrates 10 years as an Advanced Hair Studio ambassador Borne this way! Lady Gaga gets police escort to NRG Stadium in Houston as she rehearses for Super Bowl Halftime Show  She's all fired up 'Yo I made it!' Rihanna steps out in biker chic ensemble... after celebrating Mariah Carey wearing her Fenty heels to the GYM Dressed in all black In bed with Hilary Duff! Star shows off her legs while wearing only panties and a T-shirt on Instagram A long way from being a self-conscious teen Is this the end of underwear? Why stars are forgoing bras and pants on the red carpet (and why they believe it makes them look more CLASSY) Victoria's Secret stars Jasmine Tookes, Martha Hunt and Taylor Hill bring the heat to Miami with sizzling bikini photo shoot Trio of Angels  Lily-Rose Depp goes on spending spree at Chanel in Beverly Hills... amid reports of dad Johnny's ongoing financial woes Karl Lagerfeld's muse Make-up free Julia Roberts, 49, looks bright as she goes shopping for interior decor with daughter Hazel in Malibu Had a stylish wintry get-up Just like mom! Rumer Willis stars in Gap campaign paying homage to mother Demi Moore and her 1990 ad Just like her famous mother Demi Kate Moss, 43, goes completely naked for W magazine as she joins Jennifer Lopez, Jessica Chastain, Taraji P Henson and Donatella Versace Quite the treat! Sara Gilbert has mother-son date with Rhodes at Jessica's Biel's pricey Au Fudge restaurant in Los Angeles Spoiling her little boy  A look at Shanina Shaik and fiancé DJ Ruckus' $100,000-a-month Miami rental property with incredible waterfront views and a heated swimming pool  Miranda gets her dream role in Annie: Actress in final negotiations to play Miss Hannigan when musical moves into the Piccadilly Theatre  'F*** you Price is Right!': Aaron Paul aims for game show redemption with the help of James Corden 17 years after walking away a loser A gloomy affair is saved by the belle: The Glass Menagerie is glum but Cherry Jones gives a fine turn, writes QUENTIN LETTS   SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Who silenced royal rebel Lady Amelia? Duke of Kent's granddaughter deletes her Instagram account  Upbeat Elbow go out on a limb: Little Fictions is a slow-burning blockbuster, writes ADRIAN THRILLS  JAN MOIR: Apple Tree Yard and a brutally real portrait of a wife in crisis  It caused controversy and divided opinion Coco Austin puts on a busty display as she steps out with baby Chanel... as Ice T proudly reveals his daughter has inherited his 'mean mug' Focused on family: Bethenny Frankel spends some quality time time with daughter Bryn after nasty drama with her ex Family first Making a dog's dinner of it! CBB's Jedward and Bianca Gascoigne try not to gag as they're forced to eat unsavoury 'mystery can' Not good enough to eat Tallia Storm flaunts her tanned and toned legs in a sequinned silver mini dress and chunky black ankle boots at fashion party Leggy lady Making them green with envy! Camilla dazzles in a velvet gown as she brings some glamour to the British Asian Trust dinner in London  'If there's anyone designed to deal with it, it's her': Meghan Markle's on-screen Suits fiancé Patrick J. Adams approves of her royal romance 'She's the love of my life': Scott Disick declares Kourtney Kardashian is the one in KUWTK trailer...before getting cuddly with beauties in Miami 'The shoot is not soft porn, it is actual fashion': Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm defends posing naked for Playboy Make-up free Cindy Crawford shows off her svelte figure in skintight jeans and plunging white top ahead of 51st birthday Fit at 50 Enjoying a bit too much Pillowtalk? Pop heartthrob Zayn Malik sports a serious case of bed head as he enjoys shopping trip in Beverly Hills Going solo! Taylor Swift releases filmed acoustic rehearsal of I Don't Wanna Live Forever... without singing partner Zayn When two become one 'I didn't want to play a crack addict': Naomie Harris reveals she initially turned down Moonlight because of 'negative portrayals of women' in film That's one way to go viral! Mariah Carey poses in racy lingerie as she streams Facebook Live video...and hits one million views in first hour Busty Preeya Kalidas flashes her legs in a glamorous baby blue gown with dramatic ruffles at British Asian Trust dinner Blue-tiful Master and Apprentice! Arnold Schwarzenegger lunches with Mickey Rourke... after hitting back at Trump over ratings  Celebrity yearbook photos including Jimmy Kimmel in a tacky prom shirt, Tina Fey clutching a rose and a baby-faced Amy Adams are brought to life for Super Bowl ad Keke Palmer reveals truce with Trey Songz after claims he filmed her without her consent as she puts on another fashion show in New York You're fired! Gloomy Ivanka is pictured leaving DC home after Nordstrom drops her fashion brand amid angry boycott by thousands of women 'I can't wait to share our journey': New mum Stephanie Davis dotes over baby son Caben-Albi in adorable video  Preparing to raise her newborn alone 'I have three hearts': Pregnant Beyoncé strips NAKED to show off her baby bump in intimate snaps after announcing she is expecting twins  'Having twins is the most incredible experience ever!' Mariah Carey congratulates pal Beyonce after baby news   'Targeting the weakest does not show strength,' Angelina Jolie pens op-ed for the New York Times about refugee policy  Scarlett Johansson flaunts her famous curves in nude-looking suit in a sneak peek of her new movie Ghost In The Shell ahead of trailer  Naked tummy! Gigi Hadid models crop top that exposes her belly button and adds leather jacket to help keep out chill in NYC Tum's the word 'You made a reputation by showing your knockers!' CBB's Kim Woodburn takes aim at 'vile little creature' Nicola McLean as she's branded 'scum' Wigged out! Oprah Winfrey looks virtually unrecognisable in crimped blonde hairpiece on Los Angeles set of A Wrinkle In Time EXCLUSIVE Tequila shots, karaoke and a VERY A-list crowd: Behind-the-scenes at Harry Styles' 23rd birthday bash with Adele and Cindy Crawford Forgotten something? Lisa Appleton struggles to contain her ample assets as she dons a pair of tiny bikini briefs in Spain She always turns heads EXCLUSIVE: Timbaland's divorce lawyer slaps a lien on the music producer's $5 million Miami mansion for unpaid bills Pricey The apple of his (Beady) Eye! Liam Gallagher's son Gene sports similar haircut and same distinctive eyebrows as rocker dad on shopping spree 'It's time for us to embrace': Matthew McConaughey says celebrities should accept Trump is president and 'be constructive' 'This performance is for everyone': Lady Gaga talks up 'athletic' halftime show at Super Bowl after dancing in her underwear backstage Bikini-clad Kim Zolciak calls her husband Kroy Biermann 'sexy' as she posts photo of him in a very tight Speedo during beach getaway Fun in the sun J.C. Penney defends Beyonce using her own lyrics after critics snidely suggest that her 'awkward' pregnancy photo was taken at the retailer's portrait studio Fans accuse Beyoncé of copying M.I.A.'s music video for her maternity shoot - just months after the Sri Lankan rapper said Bey stole her sound What controversy? Mel Gibson smiles as his upcoming police brutality film Dragged Across Concrete sparks a social media backlash 'I get paid quite well to not be biased!': Rylan Clark-Neal hits out at claims CBB BOTS is unfair to housemates... as he confirms he'll still host the spin-off show  Drew Barrymore wanted 'ultra-traditional' upbringing for her two daughters as she calls split from husband her 'worst nightmare'  Back to basics Jamie Dornan flaunts his muscular physique as he showcases impressive pommel horse trick on Conan O'Brien Impressive Looking extra pouty! Rumer Willis shows off bigger lips as she attends opening of new basement bar in New York Getting lippy Selena Gomez is nominated for Kids' Choice Award as her current beau The Weeknd goes up against ex Bieber in 2017 nominations Oops, she did it again! Britney Spears suffers an EPIC wardrobe malfunction as she exposes her bare breast during Las Vegas show Kanye West is reprimanded by CFDA for his 'bad behavior' after failing to liaise with NYFW organizers about his Yeezy Season Five show Kim Kardashian looks slimmer than ever as she flaunts her gym-honed figure in black bikini alongside sister Kourtney during family getaway in Costa Rica Nicki Minaj invests in huge security upgrade for mansion following brazen thieves steal $200K worth of property and trash her home  Taking no chances 'I started doing hard drugs at age 12': Khloe Kardashian listens as latest Revenge Body contestant reveals she turned to meth to get thin 'We need a security guard 24-7': Kim Kardashian amps up protection for family in KUWTK sneak peek following armed heist Harrowing news Jennifer Connelly opts for a low-key look in a navy coat and beanie as she enjoys a stroll with husband Paul Bettany in New York Feeling the chill Oscar-winning Leonardo DiCaprio gets his meat seasoned by viral meme sensation Salt Bae at the chef's Dubai steakhouse  Just a sprinkle  Feeling Ferry saucy! Geordie Shore's Chloe leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her ample assets and tiny waist in skimpy lingerie Ola Jordan and Heidi Montag look worse for wear as they twerk up a storm during wild night out with husbands James and Spencer Justin brings Bieber Fever to the Super Bowl with wacky dance moves as he honours the history of touchdown celebrations in new advert 'Things just didn't work out': Singer Ella Eyre 'amicably' ends her two-year relationship with Rixton drummer Lewi Morgan Sad news  Kim Kardashian relives horror of Paris jewel heist by testifying in New York after a judge flew to meet her to identify armed men who robbed her at gunpoint CBB's Bianca Gascoigne puts on an eye-popping display as she poses provocatively in lingerie for racy pre-show photo shoot EXCLUSIVE 'I love to mix it up!': Ellie Goulding reveals the secrets behind her stunning athletic shape She's a fitness enthusiast  Alesha Dixon dares to be different in sexy leather mesh dress with sheer skirt as she joins glam Amanda Holden at Britain's Got Talent auditions in Birmingham Victoria Beckham shows off slim figure in chic trousers and polo-neck for shopping trip ... but STILL keeps her favourite sunglasses on in drizzly London Don't let mum and dad see! Brooklyn Beckham tucks into HUGE baguette during London day out without health fanatic parents David and Victoria  'I've got my priorities really in order!': Rob Lowe laughs as Jimmy Kimmel ribs him over job ad for assistant who can turn on his jacuzzi and arrange massages 'I really fell in love': Iskra Lawrence posts lingerie selfie as she reveals she's learned to accept her curves while inspiring women to celebrate their bodies 'Everybody's looking': New Fifty Shades Darker trailer reveals glamorous Masquerade Ball sequence A new promo has debuted  'I'm more nervous on runways now' than when I was 21': Naomi Campbell, 46, admits she feels 'vulnerable' on the catwalk alongside younger models 'I'd love to be with Kate Middleton!': Drew Barrymore reveals she fancies the Duchess of Cambridge... as she jokes about being 'naughty in my forties' 'Breakouts have made me stay in my house all day': Ashley Benson opens up about her struggle with acne at the launch of a spot-reducing gel product Johnny Depp brands former business managers 'reprehensible' after details of his spendthrift $2million-a-month lifestyle emerge  McQueen Bey! Hollyoaks' pregnant matriarch Myra recreates THAT Beyonce baby pic... yet swaps designer lingerie for sports top and cardi Lottie Moss cuts a demure figure in lace-up jeans and fur coat as she hits the town for casual night out Certainly looked the part of a fashion model  It's Patsy TANsit! Actress overdoes the bronzer as she dons workout gear for energetic jog in the rain Not exactly tanning weather in London 'It left me bereft': Kris Marshall quits Death In Paradise after Caribbean filming separated him from his family... as fans mourn 'heartbreaking' news No dramas! Danielle Lloyd steps out in double denim after furiously denying Nicola McLean's claims she attended her wedding to Jamie O'Hara CBB's Nicola McLean flaunts her ample assets in racy lace lingerie as she poses for saucy pre-show shoot WAG and glamour model, 35 'It's a disaster!': Make-up free Dakota Johnson dons fur coat at LAX airport after revealing everything she says turns sexual Only the best for the Lord! Scott Disick stayed in $12,500 a night suite in Miami after fleeing Kardashian Costa Rican getaway 'I've never met a hater whose life I wish I had': Gabrielle Union bites back at mean girls as she flaunts her fabulous figure at 44 in Women's Health Trump requests prayers for Arnold Schwarzenegger and his Apprentice ratings... as his replacement suggest they switch jobs  'WAKE UP & JOIN THE RESISTANCE': Sarah Silverman calls for a military coup to overthrow President Trump Controversial statement Twinning! Cindy Crawford's son Presley Gerber steps out with girlfriend Lily - whose model good looks will fit right in Strictly's rumoured new head judge Gary Edwards suffers 'TV fail' when he continuously refers to Len Goodman as a 'matriarch' rather than a patriarch Imogen Thomas displays her curves in colourful swimwear at the launch of her new collection... as she reveals her relationship has lost its spark Gaz Beadle transforms into a naughty pensioner as he hits the gym and chats girls up in hilarious prank ahead of Spring Break with Grandad launch Just like Linda! Lusardi's daughter Lucy Kane shows an uncanny resemblance to her mum... as she 'blows judges away on The Voice End of an era! Designer Riccardo Tisci leaves Givenchy after 12 YEARS with the French fashion house - as rumors suggest he is heading to Versace Move over George! Adorable Prince of Bhutan proves himself a contender for world's cutest royal baby as he poses for his first birthday portrait Nick Gordon steps out on second anniversary of the day girlfriend Bobbi Kristina was tragically found unresponsive in bathtub 'I love having her around again': Brooke Vincent reveals she was instrumental in her on-screen sister Helen Flanagan's return to Coronation Street Drinking problems! Coronation Street viewers spot a major props blunder when Kate serves Toyah a glass of wine from an EMPTY bottle Who said acting was easy? Joanne Froggatt shelters from the rain as she braves freezing conditions while filming Liar in Kent Alice Eve oozes classic Hollywood glamour in a sophisticated all-black ensemble as she enjoys a low-key dinner in LA British beauty Gigi Hadid wears nothing but a tiny miniskirt as she goes braless for tasteful LOVE magazine shoot Stunning black and white snap  That's a butt rude! Rita Ora is cheeky in see-through gym pants ... as she steps out in LA after congratulating Beyonce on her pregnancy news What a view! Will pregnant Beyonce still perform at Coachella? Singer's April headline slot is uncertain after announcement she's expecting twins The adorable moment Prince Harry pranks an unimpressed school boy with the 'wrong shoulder' trick (and acts surprised when the joke's turned on him) Bella Thorne flaunts her taut tummy as she works up a sweat with her wild moves while leading a dance class Energetic night! Heidi Klum steals the spotlight in a quirky black Victoriana-style ensemble and heavy jewels as she shoots Germany's Next Top Model 'We do get a bit delirious': Rebel Wilson and Anna Kendrick share behind-the-scenes Pitch Perfect 3 video after filming for 15 hours Geordie Shore's Holly Hagan shows off her toned curves as she shares an eye-popping bikini shot from her holiday in Thailand 'I absolutely hate my natural look': Katie Price shares rare 'make-up free' selfie as she takes a break from her hair extensions Ed Sheeran fans hit out at touts after tickets to the British pop star's UK tour were being sold online for up to £1,000 just minutes after going on sale  Racy in red! Lucy Mecklenburgh shows off her stunningly slim figure in chic bikini as she posts yet ANOTHER swimsuit snap from Dubai trip 'Let me come in your changing room!' Trinny Woodall accidentally propositions Phillip Schofield live on This Morning leaving Holly Willoughby in hysterics What a bikini body! Justin Bieber's 'ex' Sahara Ray almost busts out of her skimpy swimwear in racy Instagram snap after THAT lingerie shot Lorraine Kelly can't contain her giggles as she recreates the famous pottery scene from the movie Ghost with Dr Hilary Jones as Patrick Swayze  Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
M³ CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters David Hockney creates new Sun masthead. Now for The Reg... For $deity's sake, smile! It's Friday! Sad coders write bad code – official Humanity needs you... to build an AI bot that can finger rotten headlines Super-cool sysadmin fixes PCs with gravity, or his fists Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Humble Pai: New FCC supremo promises long overdue transparency Flash! A-ah! He'll save everyone of us... from sluggish disk boxes Pure unsheathes the FlashBlade, cuts out NetApp legacy system Amazon's cloudy desktops now tiptoe across hot sand ServiceNow pals up with Palo Alto and ties up with Tanium Webinars are not just about products but ways to make your customers happy Is it the beginning of the end for Visual Basic? Microsoft to focus on 'core scenarios' Slack flaunts enterprise handcuffs GCHQ cyber-chief slams security outfits peddling 'medieval witchcraft' Popular hacker warkit Metasploit now hacks hardware and cars Particle accelerator hacked: Boffins' hashed passwords beamed up Careless Licking gets a nasty infection: County stiffed by ransomware MNOs will lose 5G rewards to new entrants if they will not share networks What might HPE do with SimpliVity? Study shows 'BYOK' can unlock public cloud market for businesses Microsoft is cooking virtual storage in Azure For $deity's sake, smile! It's Friday! Sad coders write bad code – official Fused box: Look who's containerizing storage, security and apps VMware reveals a semi-secret cut of NSX aimed at DevOps types Survey: Teamwork promises faster delivery of database change Policy The Channel Super-cool sysadmin fixes PCs with gravity, or his fists What's big, orange, outrageous, promising to create US jobs, and sinking in popularity? 2016: Snapchat loses $515m... 2017: Snapchat rips veil off $3bn IPO US tech giants take brave immigration stand that has nothing to do with profit whatsoever Tablets become feebleslabs as sales spiral down Comcast is totally down with you using a Roku to watch Xfinity cable TV – but it'll cost you extra Microsoft's device masterplan shows it's still fighting Apple Facebook's dabblings in TV suggest Zuck isn't actually a genius after all SPB Geek's Guide Hard numbers: The mathematical architectures of Artificial Intelligence Watch: MIT's terrifying invisible gel robo-eels snatch live fish 'Mafia' of ageing scientists, academics and politicos suck at picking tech 'winners' Cassini sends back best ring-shots yet en route to self-destruct dive Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Humanity needs you... to build an AI bot that can finger rotten headlines AI vuln-hunter bots have seen things you people wouldn't believe Mozilla axes IoT project, cuts staff, backs off from commercial stuff Oculus gift: VR biz to cough up half a billion dollars for ripping off software copyright Verity Stob David Hockney creates new Sun masthead. Now for The Reg... 'Completely offended' Sheila calls cops over price-gouging ganja dealer New measurement alerts! Badgers, great white sharks and the Lindisfarne Gospel Coming to the big screen: Sci-fi epic Dune – no wait, wait, wait, this one might be good More like this Idc Personal Tech Tablets become feebleslabs as sales spiral down Even detachables like the Surface are making buyers snooze 3 Feb 2017 at 05:58, Simon Sharwood The tablet computer market has slumped into “spiraling decline”, according to box-counter IDC. The firm defines tablets as either a “slate”, like the iPad, or a “detachable” that offers a first-party keyboard like a Microsoft Surface device. The firm's totted up all the sums from a year's worth of its Worldwide Quarterly Tablet Tracker and the results are ugly: total sales sinking 15.6 per cent, year on year, with sales of 174.8m units in 2016 compared to 2015's 207.2m. Only Amazon and Huawei were immune from the slump, while Lenovo stayed just about steady. Apple sales fell 14.2 per cent and Samsung was down 20.2 per cent. Even Christmas couldn't excite buyers, with sales down 20.1 per cent for the fourth quarter. Here's IDC's numbers for Q4 2016. Top Five Tablet Vendors, Shipments, Market Share, and Growth, Fourth Quarter 2016 (Preliminary Results, Shipments in millions) Source: IDC Worldwide Quarterly Tablet Tracker, February 2, 2017 Vendor 4Q16 Unit Shipments 4Q16 Market Share 4Q15 Unit Shipments 4Q15 Market Share Year-Over-Year Growth 1. Apple 13.1 24.7% 16.1 24.3% -18.8% 2. Samsung 8.0 15.1% 9.0 13.6% -11.4% 3. Amazon.com 5.2 9.7% 5.2 7.8% -0.6% 4. Lenovo 3.7 7.0% 3.2 4.9% 14.8% 5. Huawei 3.2 6.0% 2.2 3.4% 43.5% 6. Others 19.8 37.4% 30.5 46.0% -35.1% Total 52.9 100.0% 66.2 100.0% -20.1% The firm reports that tablets as a form factor aren't dead. It's just that people want them to be part of a detachable PC. But even that market isn't red-hot, IDC says, citing a stale crop of products from Microsoft and Apple as a purchase-crimping problem. “For every 10 slate tablets shipped, Apple only sold 1 iPad Pro tablet,” the form says. There are some bright spots. Huawei's growing thanks to its emphasis on built-in cellular connectivity and is yet to make a serious pass at the US market. Lenovo makes striking kit that IDC says makes it the one to watch in 2017. Amazon's discounted its tablets to win more Prime subscribers but IDC thinks it won't care too much about sales of its Fire devices, as the device customers use to access Prime doesn't overly bother the company. Here's IDC's numbers for all of 2016. Top Five Tablet Vendors, Shipments, Market Share, and Growth, 2016 (Preliminary Results, Shipments in millions) Vendor 2016 Unit Shipments 2016 Market Share 2015 Unit Shipments 2015 Market Share Year-Over-Year Growth 1. Apple 42.6 24.4% 49.6 23.9% -14.2% 2. Samsung 26.6 15.2% 33.4 16.1 -20.5% 3. Amazon.com 12.1 6.9% 6.1 2.9% 98.8% 4. Lenovo 11.1 6.3% 11.2 5.4% -1.2% 5. Huawei 9.7 5.6% 6.5 3.1% 49.9% 6. Others 72.7 41.6% 100.3 48.4% -27.5% Total 174.8 100.0% 207.2 100.0% -15.6 % This data will worry not just tablet-makers but PC-makers and Intel, as the latter two have held out hope that detachables would become a hot new class of device. Perhaps they will in 2017 as new devices emerge and businesses recognise the inevitability of Windows 10 upgrades and start looking for new kit. ® Tips and corrections 6 Comments More from The Register HPE is creaming Dell in HPC Servers you right, says shrinker to bulked up big boy 3 Comments Intel-supported Open HPC stack to land in Q4 Shrink-wrapped software stack for big ironmongers 2 Comments IDC shock prediction: Someone might build Skynet in next few years Tech's Mystic Megs also say robotics market will expand. No shit, Sherlock 5 Comments ARM buys HPC software specialist Allinea to help devs code good If Intel and IBM think HPC is a two-horse race, they need to think again 2 Comments Exascale HPC project pours Euro gravy into Mont-Blanc SoCing it to the ARM-powered nodes Inspur inspires DDN to be its HPC reseller Sitting in a tree, K I S S I N G Whitepapers Machine Learning Delivers Better IT Insights Learn how predictive analytics and machine learning can improve application performance. Your top 5 cloud Data challenges solved The cloud s changing everything, Its transforming IT orgnisations with agility and efficiency like never before, enabling them to realise new IT as a service delivery models. The Forrester total economic impact of Red Hat CloudForms After a two-year deployment of the Red Hat solution, the company realised 97% ROI and $5.9 million in savings. See the results and evaluate the impact Red Hat Management could have on your organization. Development of advanced applications with IBM websphere application server liberty profile The application serving run time, provided by the full profile, is composed of a wide spectrum of components that are always available in the application server. Most read Google mistakes the entire NHS for massive cyber-attacking botnet Coming to the big screen: Sci-fi epic Dune – no wait, wait, wait, this one might be good GitLab.com luckily found lost data on a staging server HMS Queen Elizabeth is delayed, Ministry of Defence confesses Motivational speaker in the slammer after HPE applies for court order Spotlight Speaking in Tech's Greg accepts dare to moonlight as an Uber driver 'Grey technology' should be the new black To Hull with the crap town naysayers: UK Culture City's got some amazing... telecoms Nielsen, eat your heart out: TiVo woos admen with prediction engine Embrace the world of pr0nified IT with wide open, er, arms How Apple exploded Europe's crony capitalism Too much landfill, too little purpose: CES 2017 Mattel's parenting takeover continues with Alexa-like dystopia Sponsored links 4 Ways to Build Better Apps with Secure Content Services. Learn how with BOX Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
CLOSE Home News Downloads Download Past Issues Read on Issuu Read on Google Play Read on Magzter Download Podcasts Special Editions FCM Wiki Page Table of Contents Writers Style Guide Friday, February 3, 2017 Home News Downloads Download Past Issues Read on Issuu Read on Google Play Read on Magzter Download Podcasts Special Editions FCM Wiki Page Table of Contents Writers Style Guide Trending Now Arch Linux 2017.02.01 Available For Download — Last ISO Release With 32-bit Support The new Dell XPS 13 Developer Edition is the little Linux laptop that can Ubuntu 16.04.2 LTS Delayed Until February 9 Due to Serious Boot Regression Canonical Releases Snapcraft 2.26 Snap Creator Tool for Ubuntu 16.04 LTS, 16.10 Latest Ubuntu Update Includes OpenSSL Fixes Home news The new Dell XPS 13 Developer Edition is the little Linux laptop... news The new Dell XPS 13 Developer Edition is the little Linux laptop that can By rascal23 - Feb 3, 2017 617 0 Installing Linux on a laptop is one of the biggest stumbling blocks to adoption of the OS. After all, taking a perfectly good PC, nuking Windows, and replacing it with an unfamiliar OS can seem a lot like performing open-heart surgery to an inexperienced user. When you take into account that there are precious few laptops with Linux preinstalled, it’s no wonder that desktop Linux adoption numbers are so grim. (There are other reasons too, but I won’t go into those here.) One of the few laptops to come correct with a Linux OS is Dell’s XPS 13 Developer Edition. I got a chance to benchmark the 2015 model a few months ago, and really enjoyed playing with the little ultrabook. Physically, it’s virtually identical to the consumer version of the XPS 13, only it came loaded with Ubuntu 14.04. Flash forward, and Dell has updated its Developer Edition with Intel’s Kaby Lake CPU and Ubuntu 16.04. I have to say, there’s not much to dislike about the revamp. Source: http://www.pcworld.com/article/3161861/linux/the-new-dell-xps-13-developer-edition-is-the-little-linux-laptop-that-can.html Submitted by: Arnfried Walbrecht Previous articleUbuntu 16.04.2 LTS Delayed Until February 9 Due to Serious Boot Regression Next articleArch Linux 2017.02.01 Available For Download — Last ISO Release With 32-bit Support rascal23 RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Arch Linux 2017.02.01 Available For Download — Last ISO Release With 32-bit Support Ubuntu 16.04.2 LTS Delayed Until February 9 Due to Serious Boot Regression Canonical Releases Snapcraft 2.26 Snap Creator Tool for Ubuntu 16.04 LTS, 16.10 NO COMMENTS LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Learn more msn back to msn home entertainment search entertainment search entertainment Web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Home Celebrity Movies TV Soaps Games Music Bollywood Quizzes Video Awards 2017 Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel More Entertainment Celebrity Movies TV Soaps Games Music Bollywood SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO UP NEXT This Is Us' Star Chrissy Metz Had 81 Cents in the Bank Before Landing Show Justin Bieber Shows off HILARIOUS Dance Moves in New Super Bowl Ad for T-Mobile Hollyscoop Duration: 01:39 12 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL He might not be on Instagram but Justin Bieber is starring in a new commercial for T-Mobile. Justin is sporting a tux and glasses posing a celebration expert taking us through the history of touchdown celebrations. With his record ‘Children’ providing the background beat, T-Mobile and Justin urge everyone to share their favorite dance moves with the hashtag #UnlimitedMoves -- Justin blesses us as well. you can expect to see this spot run on Super Bowl Sunday. Share your fav moves with us too! Justin isn’t the only celeb starring in a Super Bowl ad this year. Keep an eye out for Justin Timberake and Bai brands, Melissa McCarthey and Kia, Adam Driver and Snickers, Tom Brady and Intel, and Lady Gaga and Pepsi. Gaga, of course, is the Super Bowl halftime performer this year. READ MORE SEE LESS UP NEXT Justin Bieber Shows off HILARIOUS Dance Moves in New Super Bowl Ad for T-Mobile Hollyscoop NOW PLAYING This Is Us' Star Chrissy Metz Had 81 Cents in the Bank Before Landing Show Hollyscoop UP NEXT Kendall Jenner's 'Boys Lie' Instagram Photo: Was it About A$AP Rocky? Hollyscoop Plus-Size Model Myla Dalbesio Named Sports Illustrated Rookie of the Year Hollyscoop Beyonce BREAKS Selena Gomez Instagram Record with Baby Bump Pregnancy Photos! Hollyscoop Blac Chyna's Magazine Cover TOTALLY Copies Kim's Naked Paint Photoshoot Hollyscoop Did Kim Kardashian Just Secretly Hint at Baby #3 on Twitter!?! Hollyscoop TWINS! Beyonce Makes MAJOR Pregnancy Announcement on Instagram Hollyscoop Kylie Jenner Teases New 'THICK' Clothing Merch on Instagram, Fans React! Hollyscoop Johnny Depp Sues Management Team: Financial Troubles? Hollyscoop More from Hollyscoop Justin Bieber Shows off HILARIOUS Dance Moves in New Super Bowl Ad for T-Mobile Hollyscoop 1:39 This Is Us' Star Chrissy Metz Had 81 Cents in the Bank Before Landing Show Hollyscoop 1:22 Kendall Jenner's 'Boys Lie' Instagram Photo: Was it About A$AP Rocky? Hollyscoop 1:47 Plus-Size Model Myla Dalbesio Named Sports Illustrated Rookie of the Year Hollyscoop 1:41 Beyonce BREAKS Selena Gomez Instagram Record with Baby Bump Pregnancy Photos! Hollyscoop 2:10 Blac Chyna's Magazine Cover TOTALLY Copies Kim's Naked Paint Photoshoot Hollyscoop 1:40 Did Kim Kardashian Just Secretly Hint at Baby #3 on Twitter!?! Hollyscoop 2:14 TWINS! Beyonce Makes MAJOR Pregnancy Announcement on Instagram Hollyscoop 1:48 Kylie Jenner Teases New 'THICK' Clothing Merch on Instagram, Fans React! Hollyscoop 1:54 Johnny Depp Sues Management Team: Financial Troubles? Hollyscoop 1:21 Little Mix 'Touch' Music Video Photoshop FAIL - Look at Jesy Nelson's Leg!! Hollyscoop 1:58 Drake Says He STILL LOVES Rihanna! Hollyscoop 2:08 Ariana Grande and John Legend Duet Highlights 'Beauty and the Beast' Trailer Hollyscoop 1:01 Khloe Kardashian Explains Weight Gain, Being "the Fat Sister" and Lamar Odom Divorce on Revenge Body Hollyscoop 1:46 Selena Gomez and the Weeknd Attending the Grammys as a COUPLE?!? Hollyscoop 2:16 Chrissy Teigen Makes Pregnancy Announcement at 2017 SAG Awards Hollyscoop 2:34 Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam MSN Entertainment Did you find the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues with searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Digital Trends Home > Computing > Samsung's unannounced second-gen Galaxy… Samsung's unannounced second-gen Galaxy TabPro S 2-in-1 is Bluetooth certified By Kevin Parrish — February 2, 2017 1:13 PM Subscribe Share Jeffrey Van Camp/Digital Trends Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Why it matters to you This latest information appears to have confirmed that Samsung is getting ready to launch a second-generation version of its Galaxy TabPro S 2-in-1. The 2017 Mobile World Congress conference kicks off at the end of February, and Samsung is expected to showcase a batch of new devices during the show. One of these will reportedly be the Galaxy TabPro S2 2-in-1 device, which just showed up as the SM-W727V on the official Bluetooth SIG website as a certified Bluetooth 4.1 device. Samsung’s 2-in-1 previously showed up on the Wi-Fi Alliance website as a certified Wireless AC device. Overall, there will be four versions of the Galaxy TabPro S2: the SM-W728, the SM-W727, the SM-W723, and the SM-W720. As a reminder, the base model number of the original Galaxy TabPro S tablet is SM-W700, which varies based on the device’s operating system and wireless connectivity. There are four in all as shown in the table below: SM-W700 SM-W703 SM-W707 SM-W708 Platform: Windows 10 Home Windows 10 Pro Windows 10 Home Windows 10 Pro 4G LTE: No No Yes Yes Samsung will likely do the same with its second-generation TabPro devices later this month: SM-W720 SM-W723 SM-W727 SM-W728 Platform: Windows 10 Home Windows 10 Pro Windows 10 Home Windows 10 Pro 4G LTE: No No Yes Yes However, notice that the SM-W727 model spotted on the Wi-Fi Alliance and Bluetooth SIG sites sports a “V” at the end. That presumably means the device will be compatible with Verizon’s cellular network. The current SM-W707 and SM-W708 models on the market are compatible with carriers that support the Universal Mobile Telecommunications Service protocol such as AT&T, Cricket Wireless, H2O Wireless, and T-Mobile. More: Samsung may start building some of its appliances and devices in the U.S. As for the actual hardware details of the upcoming Galaxy TabPro S2, there are none for now. However, there’s speculation that it will retain the 12-inch Super AMOLED screen with a 2,160 x 1,440 resolution. It will also likely rely on the most recent seventh-generation Intel Core M series processor. As a refresher, here are the hardware specs for the current Galaxy TabPro S model: Operating system: Windows 1o Pro (SM-W703, SM-W708) Windows 10 Home (SM-W700, SM-W707) Display: 12 inches Super AMOLED Resolution: 2,160 x 1,440 Processor: Intel Core m3-6Y30 (two cores, four threads) Processor speed: 900MHz base, 2.20GHz max Graphics: Intel HD Graphics 515 Graphics speed: 300MHz base, 850MHz max Memory: 4GB @ 1,600MHz Storage: 128GB 256GB Cameras: 5MP (front) 5MP (back) Battery: 39.4 Watt hour (up to 10.5 hours) Connectivity: Wireless AC Bluetooth 4.1 NFCLTE-A Cat 6 (SM-W707, SM-W708 Ports: 1x USB 3.1 Type-C 1x Headphone port Size: 11.42 x 7.82 x 0.24 inches Weight: 1.52 pounds Keyboard (included): 11.42 x 7.82 x 0.19 inches Release date: March 18, 2016 An upgrade to the processor used in the current Galaxy TabPro S model would be Intel’s seventh-generation Core m3-7Y30 chip released toward the end of 2016. It will bring a slight improvement speed-wise with a default speed of 1.00GHz and a maximum of 2.60GHz. The graphics would be based on the Intel HD Graphics 615 component with speeds of 300MHz and 900MHz. Unfortunately, those would be the only benefits provided by the newer chip. We expect to hear more about the unannounced 2-in-1 later this month.
