CPUs GRAPHICS MOTHERBOARDS CASES & POWER STORAGE MOBILE GAMING FORUMS JOBS MORE... NEWS BREADBOX PODCASTS BLOGS SYSTEMS MULTIMEDIA MISCELLANY ARCHIVE ABOUT US Customize The Tech Report... Apply Cancel Log in | Register Most commented stories • Poll: How do you enjoy streaming? [60] • Deals of the week: an RX 460 4GB for $100 and more [40] • Upcoming Ryzen BIOS updates could improve memory performance [38] • Aorus' GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Xtreme Edition 11G graphics card reviewed [32] Hot forum threads • Xbitlabs completely closed a few months ago • What are you listening to RIGHT NOW? • DYMT: Imi's Legacy • 1080Ti roundups Single page Print The Tech Report System Guide: May 2017 edition Ryzen 5 takes the stage by Bruno Ferreira  3:31 PM on May 9, 2017 powered by Welcome to the May 2017 edition of The Tech Report System Guide. There are changes afoot in the mid-range PC market, and good ones, at that. AMD's Ryzen 5 processors have broken Intel's long-running lock on midrange CPUs. These four- and six-core chips are solid all-round performers. They all offer SMT support, a bonus that Intel usually reserves for its Core i7 offerings, and they all have unlocked multipliers for easy overclocking, too. As we pointed out in our last guide, Ryzen 7 CPUs are basically telling Intel's Broadwell-E chips that they really need a price cut. Since good things come in threes, AMD has updated its lineup of graphics cards with its Radeon RX 580, RX 570, and RX 550 offerings. Change in the PC hardware landscape is constant, and we're to help ease builders through the process. The rest of the PC hardware market has remained mostly the same, though. RAM and SSD prices continue their upward trajectory. Speedy memory kits with guaranteed Ryzen compatibility are still mostly MIA. The case and cooling market has been rather quiet, save for the ever-increasing number of cases with fancy RGB LED lighting onboard. Now that Ryzen 5 CPUs and the Radeon RX 500 series cards are out, the world is waiting with bated breath for the approaching release of the high-end Radeon RX Vega. Stay tuned, as we'll discuss each of these items in detail. The Tech Report System Guide is sponsored by Newegg. We'll be using links to the site's product pages throughout this guide. Support our work by purchasing the items we recommend using these links. A big thanks to Newegg for its continued support. In the rare cases that Newegg doesn't stock an item we want to recommend, we'll link to other retailers as needed. Despite its sponsorship, Newegg has no input on the components included in the System Guide. Our picks are entirely our own. Rules of the road The System Guide is our list of recommended parts for building a new PC. If you've never built a PC before and want to, that's great. Just be sure to read through our guide to building a PC, or kick back and watch the handy video below, before proceeding. In the following pages, we'll discuss our picks for the critical components that make up a PC, including processors, motherboards, memory, graphics cards, storage, cases, and power supplies. We've picked parts to fit budgets of all sizes, without compromising on quality or performance. Those picks are divided into three categories: budget, sweet spot, and high-end. Our budget picks will get you up and running with solid components that won't break the bank. Stepping up to our sweet spot parts gets you even more bang for your buck. At the high end, we've chosen parts that represent the pinnacle of performance, without falling into the trap of spending money for its own sake. Each part will have a link to a TR review where possible. We also include a notable needs section for each item with any critical information that you need to know before putting together a parts list. Finally, we've put together some sample builds if you have no idea where to start. If you like this article, don't miss the rest of our guide series: our how-to-build-a-PC guide, where we walk readers (and viewers) through the PC assembly process; our mobile staff picks, where we highlight our favorite devices for on-the-go computing; and our peripheral guide, where we pick the best monitors, mice, keyboards, and accessories to make your PC experience even better. Tags: CPUs Graphics Motherboards Cases Power Cooling Storage Miscellaneous The Tech Report Previous page | Next page Page 1 - Introduction Page 2 - CPUs Page 3 - Motherboards Page 4 - Memory Page 5 - Graphics cards Page 6 - Storage Page 7 - Cases Page 8 - Power supplies Page 9 - CPU coolers Page 10 - Sample builds Page 11 - The operating system, What's next 25 comments — Last by ronch at 1:52 AM on 05/10/17 Support TR! Subscribe now. Read TR's System Guide powered by Newegg LATEST STUFF The Tech Report System Guide: May 2017 edition 25 Microsoft patches critical security bug in Windows Defender 5 Nvidia rides AI and deep learning to strong first-quarter financials 5 Our Napkin Sketch Contest ends this week 2 AOC I1659FWUX portable display is ready to hit the road 3 Lost Sock Memorial Day Shortbread 12 Qualcomm's Snapdragon 630 and 660 SoCs go for the middle lane 5 Cooler Master's MasterBox Lite 5 is attractive and affordable 13 VESA forms a SIG for virtual and augmented reality devices 17 More stuff » TOP COMMENTS Jeff Kampman you're so vain you probably think this launch is about you +66 Waco God I hate this naming scheme. All of it. +50 Jeff Kampman I really don't see how a joke about AMD that references a Carly Simon song could... +31 Fieryphoenix Nonsense. One platinum piece is worth TEN gold pieces. +27 NEW GALLERY ITEMS More pictures » Copyright ©1999-2017 The Tech Report. All rights reserved. About us | Privacy policy | Mailing list | Mobile
New Atlas Lifestyle Science Technology Transport Search Subscribe Drones Intel demonstrates drones' potential for automated infrastructure inspections Eric Mack May 9, 2017 The Falcon 8+ can tote a camera in back in addition to its on board camera in front (Credit: Intel) View gallery - 5 images Intel thinks it could use drones to make infrastructure a little safer, perhaps even making safety checks for bridges something that's done automatically. This week Intel CEO Brian Krzanich presented the company's vision for how its commercial drones can perform inspections and close mapping that have previously required putting human inspectors in some precarious positions. In his opening keynote at the AUVSI Xponential robotics and unmanned systems conference in Dallas, Krzanich shared a simulation video showing off the abilities of Intel's Falcon 8+ drone and Mission Control software. NEW ATLAS NEEDS YOUR SUPPORT Upgrade to a Plus subscription today, and read the site without ads. It's just US$19 a year.UPGRADE NOW You can watch the video for yourself below, which simulates a Falcon 8+ with a front on-board camera and a digital SLR camera mounted on a gimbal at the rear that gives it the ability to rotate and capture images pointing upwards from the underside of a structure like a bridge. The company has touted the drone and its ability to capture detailed images down to millimeter resolution as an ideal solution for inspections and detailed mapping of all sorts of structures. "For example, oil rig inspections can be extremely dangerous, costly and time-consuming," says Anil Nanduri, vice president of unmanned systems. "By incorporating the Intel Falcon 8+ System into an oil rig inspection, businesses are able to transform dozens of critical tasks including aerial surveying/mapping, inspection, progress reporting, and collecting liability evidence, while increasing productivity and helping make their employees safer than before." Such processes, which would normally require a highly skilled drone pilot to repeat inspections as frequently as every six to 12 months, could be automated using Intel's Mission Control software, which can handle flight planning and management, and data processing afterwards. After a flight and the data is synced, the software can begin to provide analysis, comparisons with previously collected data and initial insights at the inspection site. When combined with other software, if can also generate 3D models of structures. Krzanich also revisited some other practical field uses for Intel's drones that we've highlighted in recent months, such as performing aircraft inspections and using a different model – Intel's Shooting Star drone – to put on some pretty impressive light shows. He said his company will be ramping up production of the Falcon 8+ for the North American market and releasing the Mission Control software later this year. Sources: Intel (1), (2) View gallery - 5 images Intel demonstrates drones' potential for automated infrastructure inspections 1 / 5 Intel plans to ramp up production of its Falcon 8+ commercial drone (Credit: Intel) The Falcon 8+ can tote a camera in back in addition to its on board camera in front (Credit: Intel) Intel's Falcon 8+ is a commercial octocopter (Credit: Intel) Intel's Falcon 8+ boasts a gimbal that can boost a digital SLR into position for inspections (Credit: Intel) The Falcon 8+ can tote a camera in back in addition to its on board camera in front (Credit: Intel) Tags #drones #Infrastructure #Intel Share this article Post a comment   Over 280,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Your Email Top stories Nvidia's slightly terrifying Metropolis platform paves the way for smarter cities Europe's largest offshore wind farm boots up in the Netherlands Old mice get brains of two-month-olds thanks to cannabis 2017 Smartphone Comparison Guide Sponsored Content Recommended for you Sponsored Content Latest in Drones Intel demonstrates drones' potential for automated infrastructure inspections Snipe Nano Quadrotor could reshape the battlefield Swarms of graffiti drones to be unleashed on blank walls DronePrix AR gives DJI drone pilots their virtual wings IBM patent outlines mid-air drone-to-drone cargo transfers Head injury from a falling drone? Crash test study suggests chances are slim Russia to test national air traffic system for drones NTT Docomo gets spherical LED display off the ground DJI and Hasselblad combine for 100-MP aerial photography monster Get aboard your drone – DJI unveils its own FPV goggles DJI retires Phantom 4, ushers in Phantom 4 Advanced Gadget turns DJI drone into a handheld camera Editors Choice 2017 Royal Enfield Himalayan review: The pride of India takes a great leap forward Compare the latest tech gear Hard grind: The epic journey of the world's biggest tunnel boring machine Interview: What's it really like to build your own tiny house and live in it? Eco-treehouse concept naturally keeps its cool Jawa plots four-stroke future for its iconic 350 Galaxy S8+ review: Samsung catches fire (this time, in a good way) Best of the Big Apple: The most exciting cars from the New York Auto Show In pictures: Pretty, weird and pretty weird bikes from NAHBS 2017 American dreams: The USA's best new homes The truth about Satan: Nuclear war in the 21st century Getting out of Auto: Understanding the exposure triangle Over 280,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Email address Top Home About Contact Privacy Terms & Conditions Advertise Copyright © Gizmag Pty Ltd 2017 Twitter Facebook RSS Flipboard Gizmag is now New Atlas
Autos Jobs Real Estate eNewspaper Subscribe Sign In Outlook Home Local Houston Bayou City History Education Campus Chronicles Hall Pass Texas HC Investigations Narco Confidential Texas Take Transportation Prognosis Planet Texas Neighborhoods The Observation Post Native Texan Obituaries Gray Matters Politics Houston Politics & Policy Texas Politics Texas Take Election 2016 U.S. & World Politics & Policy Politifact Texas Quorum Report US & World US News World News Space Science & Environment Politics & Policy Video Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo & Dash College Sports HS Sports Inside Houston Sports Outdoors More Sports Texas Sports Nation Buy Tickets Business Energy Real Estate Deal of the Week Outside the Boardroom Houston BizFeed Business People Medical Retail Technology Personal Finance Top Workplaces Chronicle 100 Bloomberg Opinion Editorials Outlook Letters to the Editor Columnists Corrections Arts & Entertainment Books Movies & TV Music, Theater & Fine Arts Rodeo Restaurants & Bars Top 100 Restaurants Comics & Games Flavor Restaurants & Bars Food & Cooking Wine, Beer & Spirits Barbecue Top 100 Restaurants Essays Recipes Lifestyle Escapes Healthy Living Home & Garden Religion & Life Passages Society Style Luxe Life Calle Houston ENewspaper Special Sections 55 Minutes 115: Houston history Chronicle 100 Cold cases Chemical Breakdown: Hidden dangers Denied: Special education in Texas DuPont Investigation HCC Investigation Jailhouse Jeopardy The Million Swamped: Houston-area flooding The Tank: Transgender inmates starting over Texas Sex Offenders Top 100 Restaurants Uncovered: A health care crisis More Special Sections Podcasts Bring It to Jerome Looped In Texas Take: The Podcast Puzzles & Games Newsletters Archive Friedman: Owning your own future Thomas Friedman says Silicon Valley and its automation are to blame for stress over job security. The cures: lifelong learning and career flexibility. May 9, 2017 PALO ALTO, Calif. - Political analysts will long debate over where Brexit, Trump and Le Pen came from. Many say income gaps. I'd say … not quite. I'd say income anxiety and the stress over what it now takes to secure and hold a good job. I believe the accelerations set loose by Silicon Valley in technology and digital globalization have created a world where every decent job demands more skill and, now, lifelong learning. More people can't keep up, and clearly some have reached for leaders who promise to stop the wind. Let me elaborate through a few conversations, starting with Brian Krzanich, the CEO of Intel, who recently remarked to me: "I believe my grandchildren will not drive." Since he has teenage daughters, that means self-driving vehicles should be fully deployed in 25 years, at which time you won't "steer" your car but will program it on a smartphone or watch or glasses. Sounds like fun - unless you're one of the millions who drive a truck or cab for a living. But don't think you're safe as an accountant, either. Translator To read this article in one of Houston's most-spoken languages, click on the button below. Outlook Friedman: Owning your own future Repairing pensions Getting out of jail Real change Wednesday letters: Sally Yates, Governor Abbott, bald-faced lying Mark Bohr, Intel's senior fellow for technology, explained to me that Intel's main workhorse microprocessor today is the 14-nanometer chip it introduced in 2014. It packs 37.5 million transistors per square millimeter. By the end of 2017, thanks to Moore's Law, Intel will begin producing a 10-nanometer chip that will pack "100 million transistors per square millimeter - more than double the previous density with less heat and power usage," said Bohr. If you think machines are smart today ... wait a year. It's this move from 14-nm to 10-nm chips that will help enable automakers to shrink the brain of a self-driving car from something that fills a whole trunk to a small box under the front seat, so these cars can scale. When you get that much processing power, putting out that much data exhaust with ever-improving software, you create a world where we can analyze, prophesize and optimize with a precision unknown in human history. We can see trends we never saw, predict when engine parts will break and replace them before they do, with great savings, and we can optimize everything - from the most energy-saving flight path for an airplane to the ideal drilling path for a natural gas well. I recently visited the control room at Devon Energy, a large oil and gas producer, in Oklahoma City. It's half a floor of computer screens displaying data coming out of every well Devon is drilling around the world. At the bottom of each screen are two boxes that blew my mind. One box displays how much money was budgeted to drill that particular well per foot, and the other box displays - in real time - how much the drilling of that well is actually costing, as it bores through different rocks, and it's updated every foot! A typical well might involve sending pipe 2 miles down and then turning horizontally for 2 miles east or west - with such precision it can hit a seam of gas as small as 20 feet wide! If you're working on a Devon oil rig today, you're holding a computer, not just an oily wrench. And if you're getting a degree in auto mechanics at a community college today, it's not to be a "grease monkey." It's to be a repairman for a computer with wheels. The notion that we can go to college for four years and then spend that knowledge for the next 30 is over. If you want to be a lifelong employee anywhere today, you have to be a lifelong learner. And that means: More is now on you. And that means self-motivation to learn and keep learning becomes the most important life skill. That's why education-to-work expert Heather E. McGowan likes to say: "Stop asking a young person WHAT you want to be when you grow up. It freezes their identity into a job that may not be there. Ask them HOW you want to be when you grow up. Having an agile learning mindset will be the new skill set of the 21st century." Some are up for that, some not; and many want to but don't know how, which is why the College Board has reshaped the PSAT and SAT exams to encourage lifelong learning. "We analyzed 250,000 students from the high school graduating Class of 2017 who took the new PSAT and then the new SAT," College Board President David Coleman told me. "Students who took advantage of their PSAT results to launch their own free personalized improvement practice through Khan Academy advanced dramatically: 20 hours of practice was associated with an average 115-point increase from the PSAT to the SAT - double the average gain among students who did not. "Our aim is to transform the SAT into an invitation for students to own their future." So the tough news is that more will be on you. The good news is that systems - like Khan-College Board - are emerging everywhere to enable anyone to accelerate learning for the age of acceleration. Step back from all of this, and it's clear that thriving countries today won't elect a strongman. They'll elect leaders who inspire and equip their citizens to be strong people who can own their own futures. Houston Paxton asks court to OK new 'sanctuary cities' ban Technology Comcast seeks to make Wi-Fi more user-friendly Music Brian Wilson's 'Pet' project proved a sound investment of time, Texans Savage remains hungry to become starting QB Top About Our Company Ad Choices Careers Terms of Use Advertising Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Your California Privacy Rights Contact Subscribe eNewspaper Archives Customer Service Frequently Asked Questions Newsroom Contacts Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Pinterest Google+ Connect © 2017 Hearst Newspapers, LLC.
Latest News Dow 20,976 -36.50 -0.17% Nasdaq 6,121 +17.93 +0.29% S&P 500 2,397 -2.46 -0.10% 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.1% lower at 5,394.10 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens fractionally lower at 7,340.37 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens fractionally lower at 395.70 2:56 A.M. ET Updated The New York Times will take you on a tour and teach you all about Brexit for $6,000 2:50 A.M. ET Opinion The ECB should avoid the temptation to cancel QE 2:51 A.M. ET Eni profit jumps as oil prices rebound 2:50 A.M. ET Barratt sees 2017 profit at top end of views 2:49 A.M. ET AstraZeneca asthma drug misses primary endpoint 2:28 A.M. ET ITV maintains outlook even as revenue falls 2:27 A.M. ET U.K. regulator may probe Capita-Vodafone deal 2:27 A.M. ET BAE trading in line; backs 2017 guidance 2:26 A.M. ET AXA revenue nearly flat as revenue misses views 2:25 A.M. ET French Insurer AXA plans to list shares in U.S. 2:24 A.M. ET Suez confirms outlook at revenue rises 2:24 A.M. ET ING net profit slips, but pretax profit up 39% 2:22 A.M. ET Ahold Delhaize net sales rise 65% in first quarter 2:22 A.M. ET Germany posts record current-account surplus 1:23 A.M. ET Updated Oil prices get respite from selling after encouraging signals on U.S. supply 1:16 A.M. ET China consumer inflation edged up in April 12:09 A.M. ET Updated More than 40% of Americans won’t date a person who has this one financial problem Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Supermicro Showcases Enterprise IT Solutions at Japan IT Week's Data Center Expo 2017 By Published: May 9, 2017 7:06 p.m. ET Share Complete Server, Storage, and Networking Solutions Target Software-Defined Data Center, Hyper Converged Infrastructure, Big Data Analytics and HPC Workloads TOKYO, May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Super Micro Computer, Inc. SMCI, -0.84% a global leader in compute, storage and networking technologies including green computing, will participate in the annual Japan IT Week Data Center exhibition being held at Tokyo Big Sight, Japan, May 10-12. Supermicro will showcase Embedded, IoT, Enterprise and Data Center solutions in Booth E33-1. The Data Center exhibition provides IT professionals the opportunity to experience new products that Supermicro has introduced this year. BigTwin is the fifth generation of Supermicro's evolutionary Twin architecture. It provides massively improved performance-per-watt, per-dollar, and per-square-foot as well as hot-swap U.2 NVMe. BigTwin is targeted for cloud, big data, enterprise, hyper-converged, IoT and HPC workloads that demand maximum performance, efficiency and flexibility. MicroBlade has been adopted for leading edge, power efficient (1.06 PUE) data centers. The MicroBlade system represents an entirely new type of computing platform that provides increased density and power efficiency. Also on display will be storage systems and motherboards for embedded and IoT applications. "We are redefining enterprise and cloud performance with our leading edge NVMe storage systems delivering 5x higher IOPs and 4x latency improvements," said Charles Liang, President and CEO of Supermicro. "Our MicroBlade and SuperBlade systems bring unmatched efficiency with up to 86% improvement in system cooling infrastructure for energy conscious, high-density data centers." New products on display this year include: MicroBlade® , an entirely new type of data center computing platform. It is a powerful and flexible extreme-density 6U/3U all-in-one total system that features 28/14 hot-swappable MicroBlade Server nodes supporting 28/14 of the newest dual-node Intel® Xeon® Processor UP system configurations with up to 2 SSDs/1 HDD per node. In addition it supports high density 1G and 10G switches to meet different bandwidth requirements for different workloads with support for integrated battery backup. This MicroBlade architecture includes server, networking, storage, and unified remote management for Cloud Computing, Video Streaming, Content Delivery, Social Networking, Desktop Virtualization and Remote Workstation applications. BigTwin™ delivers the highest performance and efficiency in a 2U 4-node platform that supports the widest TDP range of CPUs (up to 205 watts), fully exploits all memory channels with 24 DIMMS per node and 24 All-Flash NVMe drives. 8U SuperBlade with up to 20 half-height 2-socket blade servers, up to 10 full-height 4-socket blade servers. The SBE-820C chassis is primarily targeted for HPC applications and supports one 100G EDR IB or Omni-Path switch, up to 4 Ethernet (1G, 10G, 25G) switches. The chassis SBE-820J supports up to 4 Ethernet switches for 1G and 10G or 2 Ethernet switches with 25G and two Ethernet switches with 1G or 10G. 4U SuperBlade with up to 14 half-height 2-socket blade servers or up to 28 nodes, up to 2 Ethernet (1G, 10G, 25G) switches and up to 4 (N+1 or N+N redundant) 2200W Titanium Level (96%) digital power supplies. The 1U and 2U Supermicro Ultra SuperServers provide scalability for Virtualization Hosting, Cloud Computing, Data Centers and High Frequency Trading. The Supermicro SuperSever product line is designed to deliver unrivaled performance, flexibility, scalability, and serviceability that is ideal for demanding Enterprise workloads. 2U, 3U and 4U SuperStorage solutions in both JBOD and active storage configurations that support 24/40 NVMe drives or 60/90 SATA drives that are optimized for Microsoft, VMWare, RedHat and Software Defined Storage solutions. Data transfer rates can be as high as 20GB/s for NVMe solutions. These systems offer a fully redundant, fault-tolerant architecture with hot swappable drive bays, power supplies and cooling fans. The active-active capable JBOD hardware is perfect for mission critical applications. 2U TwinPro™ architecture builds on Supermicro's proven Twin technology to provide the greatest and highest throughput storage, networking, I/O, memory, and processing capabilities allowing customers to further optimize Supermicro solutions to solve their most challenging IT requirements. Optimized for high-end Enterprise, HPC cluster, Data Center, and Cloud Computing environments, the Supermicro TwinPro™ Solutions are designed for ease of installation and maintenance with the highest quality for continuous operation at maximum capacity. The resulting benefit is best TCO for customers seeking the greatest competitive advantage from their data center resources. SuperStorage Bridge Bay (SBB) features a fully redundant, fault-tolerant "Cluster-in-a-box" system. Optimized for mission-critical, enterprise-level storage applications, the SBB supports Hot-swap SAS HDDs with the option to expand by using the SBB JBOD. The Super SBB provides hot-swappable canisters for all active components. With heartbeat and data connection between the Server via the mid-plane, if one server fails, the other is able to take control and access the HDDs (both controllers can also work as Active-active mode), keeping the system up and running. Omni-Path 100G 48-port TOR network switch (SSH-C48Q/-C48QM) provides 100Gbps using the Intel® Omni-Path Architecture (Intel® OPA). It provides a unique HPC cluster solution offering excellent bandwidth, latency and message rate that is highly scalable and easily serviceable. Embedded and IoT motherboards that support the latest CPUs as well as legacy interfaces. Applications include: Communications, Storage Appliances, Digital Signage, Digital Security and Surveillance, Gaming and Entertainment, Industrial Automation, Medical Instrumentation and Devices, as well as Defense and Aerospace Intel® Xeon Phi™ coprocessor support. These systems achieve higher parallel processing capability with Intel® Many Integrated Core Architecture (Intel® MIC Architecture) based on Intel® Xeon Phi™ processors. Unified with the latest Intel® Xeon® processor family utilizing common instruction sets and Intel® Xeon Phi™ coprocessor's multiple programming models for HPC, engineering, scientific and research fields including financial analysis, oil/gas simulation, code optimization, 3-D rendering and chemistry applications. More information on Supermicro products can be found at: http://www.supermicro.com About Super Micro Computer, Inc. SMCI, -0.84% Supermicro® SMCI, -0.84% the leading innovator in high-performance, high-efficiency server technology is a premier provider of advanced server Building Block Solutions® for Data Center, Cloud Computing, Enterprise IT, Hadoop/Big Data, HPC and Embedded Systems worldwide. Supermicro is committed to protecting the environment through its "We Keep IT Green®" initiative and provides customers with the most energy-efficient, environmentally-friendly solutions available on the market. For more information please visit http://www.supermicro.com. Supermicro, SuperServer, SuperBlade, MicroBlade, BigTwin, Building Block Solutions and We Keep IT Green are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Super Micro Computer, Inc. Intel, Xeon, Optane, Xeon Phi and Atom are trademarks or registered trademarks of Intel Corporation in the United States and other countries. All other brands, names and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. SMCI-F   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/supermicro-showcases-enterprise-it-solutions-at-japan-it-weeks-data-center-expo-2017-300452440.html SOURCE Super Micro Computer, Inc. Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Quote References SMCI -0.20 -0.84% Most Popular Yelp plummets as advertisers revolt Dying man claims he just borrowed $325K to go all-in on bitcoin amid record highs More than 40% of Americans won’t date a person who has this one financial problem Rushing to pay back a large student loan? You may want to think again Stealthy Home Security ‘Sees’ Without Cameras MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Super Micro Computer Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: SMCI $23.65 -0.20 (-0.84%) Volume 387.4K Open $23.85 High $24.05 Low $23.45 P/E Ratio 20.75 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 1.2B Super Micro Computer Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: SMCI $23.65 -0.20 (-0.84%) Volume 387.4K Open $23.85 High $24.05 Low $23.45 P/E Ratio 20.75 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 1.2B Super Micro Computer Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: SMCI $23.65 -0.20 (-0.84%) Volume 387.4K Open $23.85 High $24.05 Low $23.45 P/E Ratio 20.75 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 1.2B
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Supermicro Showcases Enterprise IT Solutions at Japan IT Week's Data Center Expo 2017 Complete Server, Storage, and Networking Solutions Target Software-Defined Data Center, Hyper Converged Infrastructure, Big Data Analytics and HPC Workloads News provided by Super Micro Computer, Inc. 09 May, 2017, 19:06 ET Share this article TOKYO, May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Super Micro Computer, Inc. (NASDAQ: SMCI), a global leader in compute, storage and networking technologies including green computing, will participate in the annual Japan IT Week Data Center exhibition being held at Tokyo Big Sight, Japan, May 10-12. Supermicro will showcase Embedded, IoT, Enterprise and Data Center solutions in Booth E33-1. The Data Center exhibition provides IT professionals the opportunity to experience new products that Supermicro has introduced this year. BigTwin is the fifth generation of Supermicro's evolutionary Twin architecture. It provides massively improved performance-per-watt, per-dollar, and per-square-foot as well as hot-swap U.2 NVMe. BigTwin is targeted for cloud, big data, enterprise, hyper-converged, IoT and HPC workloads that demand maximum performance, efficiency and flexibility. MicroBlade has been adopted for leading edge, power efficient (1.06 PUE) data centers. The MicroBlade system represents an entirely new type of computing platform that provides increased density and power efficiency. Also on display will be storage systems and motherboards for embedded and IoT applications. "We are redefining enterprise and cloud performance with our leading edge NVMe storage systems delivering 5x higher IOPs and 4x latency improvements," said Charles Liang, President and CEO of Supermicro. "Our MicroBlade and SuperBlade systems bring unmatched efficiency with up to 86% improvement in system cooling infrastructure for energy conscious, high-density data centers." New products on display this year include: MicroBlade®, an entirely new type of data center computing platform. It is a powerful and flexible extreme-density 6U/3U all-in-one total system that features 28/14 hot-swappable MicroBlade Server nodes supporting 28/14 of the newest dual-node Intel® Xeon® Processor UP system configurations with up to 2 SSDs/1 HDD per node. In addition it supports high density 1G and 10G switches to meet different bandwidth requirements for different workloads with support for integrated battery backup. This MicroBlade architecture includes server, networking, storage, and unified remote management for Cloud Computing, Video Streaming, Content Delivery, Social Networking, Desktop Virtualization and Remote Workstation applications. BigTwin™ delivers the highest performance and efficiency in a 2U 4-node platform that supports the widest TDP range of CPUs (up to 205 watts), fully exploits all memory channels with 24 DIMMS per node and 24 All-Flash NVMe drives. 8U SuperBlade with up to 20 half-height 2-socket blade servers, up to 10 full-height 4-socket blade servers. The SBE-820C chassis is primarily targeted for HPC applications and supports one 100G EDR IB or Omni-Path switch, up to 4 Ethernet (1G, 10G, 25G) switches. The chassis SBE-820J supports up to 4 Ethernet switches for 1G and 10G or 2 Ethernet switches with 25G and two Ethernet switches with 1G or 10G. 4U SuperBlade with up to 14 half-height 2-socket blade servers or up to 28 nodes, up to 2 Ethernet (1G, 10G, 25G) switches and up to 4 (N+1 or N+N redundant) 2200W Titanium Level (96%) digital power supplies. The 1U and 2U Supermicro Ultra SuperServers provide scalability for Virtualization Hosting, Cloud Computing, Data Centers and High Frequency Trading. The Supermicro SuperSever product line is designed to deliver unrivaled performance, flexibility, scalability, and serviceability that is ideal for demanding Enterprise workloads. 2U, 3U and 4U SuperStorage solutions in both JBOD and active storage configurations that support 24/40 NVMe drives or 60/90 SATA drives that are optimized for Microsoft, VMWare, RedHat and Software Defined Storage solutions. Data transfer rates can be as high as 20GB/s for NVMe solutions. These systems offer a fully redundant, fault-tolerant architecture with hot swappable drive bays, power supplies and cooling fans. The active-active capable JBOD hardware is perfect for mission critical applications. 2U TwinPro™ architecture builds on Supermicro's proven Twin technology to provide the greatest and highest throughput storage, networking, I/O, memory, and processing capabilities allowing customers to further optimize Supermicro solutions to solve their most challenging IT requirements. Optimized for high-end Enterprise, HPC cluster, Data Center, and Cloud Computing environments, the Supermicro TwinPro™ Solutions are designed for ease of installation and maintenance with the highest quality for continuous operation at maximum capacity. The resulting benefit is best TCO for customers seeking the greatest competitive advantage from their data center resources. SuperStorage Bridge Bay (SBB) features a fully redundant, fault-tolerant "Cluster-in-a-box" system. Optimized for mission-critical, enterprise-level storage applications, the SBB supports Hot-swap SAS HDDs with the option to expand by using the SBB JBOD. The Super SBB provides hot-swappable canisters for all active components. With heartbeat and data connection between the Server via the mid-plane, if one server fails, the other is able to take control and access the HDDs (both controllers can also work as Active-active mode), keeping the system up and running. Omni-Path 100G 48-port TOR network switch (SSH-C48Q/-C48QM) provides 100Gbps using the Intel® Omni-Path Architecture (Intel® OPA). It provides a unique HPC cluster solution offering excellent bandwidth, latency and message rate that is highly scalable and easily serviceable. Embedded and IoT motherboards that support the latest CPUs as well as legacy interfaces. Applications include: Communications, Storage Appliances, Digital Signage, Digital Security and Surveillance, Gaming and Entertainment, Industrial Automation, Medical Instrumentation and Devices, as well as Defense and Aerospace Intel® Xeon Phi™ coprocessor support. These systems achieve higher parallel processing capability with Intel® Many Integrated Core Architecture (Intel® MIC Architecture) based on Intel® Xeon Phi™ processors. Unified with the latest Intel® Xeon® processor family utilizing common instruction sets and Intel® Xeon Phi™ coprocessor's multiple programming models for HPC, engineering, scientific and research fields including financial analysis, oil/gas simulation, code optimization, 3-D rendering and chemistry applications. More information on Supermicro products can be found at: http://www.supermicro.com About Super Micro Computer, Inc. (NASDAQ: SMCI) Supermicro® (NASDAQ: SMCI), the leading innovator in high-performance, high-efficiency server technology is a premier provider of advanced server Building Block Solutions® for Data Center, Cloud Computing, Enterprise IT, Hadoop/Big Data, HPC and Embedded Systems worldwide. Supermicro is committed to protecting the environment through its "We Keep IT Green®" initiative and provides customers with the most energy-efficient, environmentally-friendly solutions available on the market. For more information please visit http://www.supermicro.com. Supermicro, SuperServer, SuperBlade, MicroBlade, BigTwin, Building Block Solutions and We Keep IT Green are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Super Micro Computer, Inc. Intel, Xeon, Optane, Xeon Phi and Atom are trademarks or registered trademarks of Intel Corporation in the United States and other countries. All other brands, names and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. SMCI-F   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/supermicro-showcases-enterprise-it-solutions-at-japan-it-weeks-data-center-expo-2017-300452440.html SOURCE Super Micro Computer, Inc. Related Links http://www.supermicro.com 08 May, 2017, 14:01 ET Preview: Los sistemas de Supermicro ofrecen 170 TFLOPS FP16 de máximo rendimiento para IA y aprendizaje profundo en la GTC 2017 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 08 May, 2017, 08:06 ET Los sistemas de Supermicro ofrecen 170 TFLOPS FP16 de máximo... 08 May, 2017, 08:06 ET Представленные на GTC 2017 системы Supermicro демонстрируют... Explore More news releases in similar topics Electronic Components Internet Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Networks You just read: Supermicro Showcases Enterprise IT Solutions at Japan IT Week's Data Center Expo 2017 News provided by Super Micro Computer, Inc. 09 May, 2017, 19:06 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
SearchSecurity Search the TechTarget Network Sign-up now. Start my free, unlimited access. Login Register Techtarget Network News Features Tips More Content Answers Buyer's Guides Essential Guides Opinions Photo Stories Podcasts Quizzes Tutorials Sponsored Communities Schools SearchSecurity Topic Network security Data security Identity and access management Security training and jobs Infosec programs Risk management strategies Information security threats Network threat detection Platform security Security compliance Software security Web security tools Wireless and mobile security All Topics SubTopic Network device security DDoS attack mitigation Client security IoT security IPv6 security Network Access Control Network device security Secure remote access Software-defined security VPN security All Subtopics Follow: lolloj - Fotolia News Stay informed about the latest enterprise technology news and product updates. Intel AMT security risk could lead to system access by Michael Heller Senior Reporter Servers may have been at risk of attack for years because of an Intel AMT security risk that was recently disclosed before manufacturers could patch. This Article Covers Network device security RELATED TOPICS DDoS attack mitigation Client security IoT security IPv6 security Network Access Control Secure remote access Looking for something else? Risk & Repeat: Juniper's Kevin Walker on SDN security challenges In a post-Mirai world, the FTC wants more secure routers from D-Link Major Netgear security flaw in routers gets a beta patch + Show More Sections Share this item with your network: Related Content Risk & Repeat: Tatu Ylonen on solving SSH security ... – SearchSecurity Intel urges business to patch critical ... – ComputerWeekly Intel DEMO Lab video, from BriForum 2011 Chicago – BrianMadden An unpatched issue with Intel chips has been lurking in servers for years, but the Intel AMT security risk is still somewhat unclear following disclosure of the vulnerability disclosure and publication of a mitigation technique. The authentication bypass vulnerability affects systems using Intel Active Management Technology (AMT) and, according to Intel, "could enable a network attacker to remotely gain access to business PCs or devices that use these technologies." At first, Intel did not release the technical details of the AMT security risk, but security researchers at Tenable contacted Intel two days after the initial disclosure with a proof-of-concept exploit. In response, Intel posted full details of the flaw along with a discovery tool and mitigation method in order to reduce the Intel AMT security risk while OEMs worked on patches for system firmware. Carlos Perez, director of reverse engineering for Tenable, noted in a blog post that Local Management Service (LMS) is required to be running in order to exploit the AMT issue, but if it was the system could be at risk of "complete bypass of the authentication scheme." Erlend Oftedal, open source developer based in Oslo, Norway, was appalled that Intel had put a web interface on AMT. There is a web server INSIDE your CPU. And it listens even though your computer is off as long as it has power... #unintelInside https://t.co/JpImedG0Rz — Erlend Oftedal (@webtonull) May 6, 2017 Tatu Ylonen, founder and SSH fellow at SSH Communications Security, said this Intel AMT security risk was an "extremely severe vulnerability," but the danger was somewhat lessened because "most server management interfaces are only connected to internal networks." "But this vastly exacerbates the risks of insider attacks and malware that has already gotten into the organization," Ylonen told SearchSecurity. "The impact of these can be extremely severe: loss of confidentiality, integrity, and continuity affecting the most critical servers and business processes." Jake Williams, founder of consulting firm Rendition InfoSec LLC in Augusta, Ga., told SearchSecurity that "AMT was built to make things easier for lights out datacenters and other deployments where having to lay hands on a server was difficult," so it is unclear how many servers still have Intel AMT provisioned. Williams said he thinks the Intel AMT security risk is more dangerous "as a local privilege escalation than a remote exploit." "While the vulnerability is trivial to exploit if the services are configured, the fact of the matter is that they are not in most of my client networks," Williams said. "If you have the services configured, that's something else entirely. In that case, you effectively have a wide open backdoor onto the system and you should take care of that. If AMT is provisioned, the attacker effectively has physical access (but remotely). Remote KVM and direct memory access are probably the most concerning." Ylonen said the Intel AMT security risk was even more worrying because "most security software and tools run on Intel hardware [including] Active Directory, firewalls, intrusion detection, logging, SIEM, certificate authorities, key management, etc." "The physical servers for private clouds are also of particular concern. The compromise puts the whole integrity of these systems in question. The attack can be used to permanently install malware on these systems. With sophisticated attackers, the malware could sit in, for example, disk drive firmware and be near impossible to detect and remove," Ylonen said. "Thus, turning off AMT immediately and upgrading firmware as soon as it is available should be a key priority for enterprises." Williams noted that organizations should turn to a qualified professional to check for the Intel AMT security risk in order to avoid issues resulting from IT staff turnover. "Most orgs don't need this capability. But if you disable it, it's very likely you'll need to lay hands on each machine you want to re-enable it on," Williams said. "Just like in the DOUBLEPULSAR story, network segmentation and router [access control lists (ACL)] can help limit exposure for those organizations running AMT." Intel also suggested disabling  AMT and LMS while waiting for OEM fixes. HP and Lenovo have promised firmware updates soon, while Fujitsu and Dell have already released patches. There are concerns circulating that Intel may have known about this AMT security risk for years without disclosing, but it is unknown what was known and when. Ylonen said if "Intel has known of this vulnerability for years, it can only be an intentional backdoor." "This vulnerability could cause many billions of dollars of damage to enterprises if weaponized against their servers and data," Ylonen said. "The impact can also be particularly long-term if their internal cybersecurity systems are compromised as a result of this vulnerability." However, Williams said it was likely a coding error rather than a backdoor and suggested it could have been nothing more than poor communication between researchers and Intel. "A lot of vulnerability reporting is who you talk to and how you communicate. If you can't provide easily reproducible findings, you are less likely to be taken seriously," Williams said. "I think it's more likely that the vulnerability was reported to the wrong person, who tried to communicate it to the right person but without enough detail. This sort of thing happens pretty often." Intel did not respond to requests for comment at the time of this post. Next Steps Learn how attacks can bypass ASLR protections on Intel chips. Find out more about Intel Security's shifting channel strategy. Get info on how to choose between replacing and upgrading servers.  Dig Deeper on Network device security: Appliances, firewalls and switches All News Get Started Evaluate Manage Problem Solve Risk & Repeat: Juniper's Kevin Walker on SDN security challenges What basic steps can improve network device security in enterprises? Ransomware prevention tools to win the fight Stop app attacks with a Web application firewall Load More View All Risk & Repeat: Juniper's Kevin Walker on SDN security challenges In a post-Mirai world, the FTC wants more secure routers from D-Link Major Netgear security flaw in routers gets a beta patch NSA's SNMP exploit cyberweapon affects all Cisco ASA software Load More View All News Ransomware prevention tools to win the fight Check Point Next Generation Firewall: Product overview Cisco ASA with FirePOWER: NGFW product overview How to find the best next-generation firewall Load More View All Get started Ransomware prevention tools to win the fight Stop app attacks with a Web application firewall Critical Watch FusionVM: Vulnerability management product overview Tripwire IP360: Vulnerability management product overview Load More View All Evaluate Industrial Network Security How to handle out-of-band management for network infrastructure Protect your security perimeter with bellwether technologies Insider Edition: Beyond 'next gen': Putting a 21st century security strategy in place Load More View All Manage What basic steps can improve network device security in enterprises? How does the BlackNurse attack overwhelm firewalls? How to handle out-of-band management for network infrastructure How can enterprises defend against an evil twin attack? Load More View All Problem solve PRO+ Content Find more PRO+ content and other member only offers, here. E-Zine The managed security provider comes knocking E-Handbook How to find the best next-generation firewall E-Zine Insider Edition: Beyond 'next gen': Putting a 21st century security strategy in place Michael Heller asks: What do you think of how Intel handled the AMT security risk? Join the Discussion Join the conversation 1 comment Send me notifications when other members comment. Add My Comment Register Login Forgot your password? Forgot your password? No problem! Submit your e-mail address below. We'll send you an email containing your password. Submit Your password has been sent to: By submitting you agree to receive email from TechTarget and its partners. If you reside outside of the United States, you consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States. Privacy Please create a username to comment. Oldest  Newest  [-] Michael Heller - 9 May 2017 2:23 PM What do you think of how Intel handled the AMT security risk? Add My Comment Cancel   -ADS BY GOOGLE Latest TechTarget resources Cloud Security Networking CIO Consumerization Enterprise Desktop Cloud Computing Computer Weekly SearchCloudSecurity How hackers use Google cloud services to attack enterprises Hackers, such as the Carbanak group, use Google cloud services to infiltrate organizations' systems. Expert Rob Shapland explains... How to boost CDN security and protect enterprise data A recent Cloudflare bug highlights CDN security and the need for vigilance in protecting sensitive enterprise data. Expert Dave ... How a container escape vulnerability can threaten enterprises A container escape vulnerability can expose enterprise systems to attackers. Expert Rob Shapland explains how these flaws work ... SearchNetworking Dell EMC makes its NOS standard on new open networking switches Dell EMC has made its network operating system standard on the vendor's latest open networking switches, which include the ... Cisco-Viptela deal first step of segment consolidation? This week, bloggers look into the Cisco-Viptela acquisition, barriers to hybrid cloud adoption and improving cloud analytics for ... Future networks jettison traditional networking thinking Software-defined networking gets all the headlines, but there's another trend gaining traction in future networks: software-based... SearchCIO Follow this cloud implementation methodology for legacy apps Maximizing the benefits of cloud while minimizing risk requires a fine-tuned migration strategy. Here, Scott Lowe lays out a ... Failure is a critical component for blockchain development Validity, consensus and immutability are the core components of blockchain, and all three have failed. Cornell's Emin Gun Sirer ... Signs point to cloud future at Red Hat Summit 2017 The open source software company is transitioning from its Linux roots to cloud services. SearchConsumerization Android, Windows tablets from HP take aim at business users HP released a new line of tablets targeting business users. The HP Pro Slate 8 and Pro Slate 12 run Android and cost $449 and ... Microsoft to lay off 18,000, Nokia X moves to Windows Phone Microsoft will lay off 18,000 people over the next year while the Nokia X line of Android smartphones, which was unveiled earlier... Microsoft Surface Pro 3 vs. Microsoft Surface Pro 2 Surface Pro 2 and Surface Pro 3 are different enough that Microsoft is keeping both on the market as competing products. Which ... SearchEnterpriseDesktop End-user computing tech ROI comes in many different forms The business side of organizations is quick to look for monetary benefits when implementing a new technology. But end-user ... Top 2017 IT conferences you need to know about Four IT pros offer up their advice on the best IT conferences to attend this summer, including smaller gatherings with better ... Application layering frees up IT management App layering can take a lot of the burden of application management off IT admins by allowing them to layer apps on top of the ... SearchCloudComputing Multicloud hopefuls welcome Red Hat CloudForms, Ansible integration Users anticipate fewer multicloud management snags with Ansible natively integrated into the latest version of Red Hat's ... IAM technologies change the cloud security game By controlling who sees what, identity and access management tools give a business a much better hand to play in the always ... IAM tools represent a big shift in cloud security IT policies must explicitly establish the identity of users and their rights to access resources. Otherwise, an organization will... ComputerWeekly Blockchain gains momentum in the Middle East Blockchain is gathering pace in the Middle East, with the United Arab Emirates leading the way Hotel booking site Trivago powers collaboration with Dropbox A Slack group and a workshop day helped Trivago deploy Dropbox for Business to 1300 users Aruba Atmosphere: Machine learning to transform networking At Aruba Atmosphere EMEA in France, delegates learned how the network will incorporate machine learning features in the near ... About Us Meet The Editors Contact Us Privacy Policy Videos Photo Stories Guides Advertisers Business Partners Media Kit Corporate Site Contributors CPE and CISSP Training Reprints Archive Site Map Events E-Products All Rights Reserved, Copyright 2000 - 2017, TechTarget Close
E-BUSINESS | TECHNOLOGY | CRM | LINUX | ECTNEWS.COM Welcome Guest | Sign In Chips Computing Applications Data Management Hardware Chips Personal Computers Servers Operating Systems Internet Internet of Things Online Entertainment Search Tech Social Networking Web Apps IT Developers IT Leadership Network Management Mobile Tech Mobile Apps Smartphones Tablets Wearable Tech Wireless Networking Reviews Security Cybersecurity Hacking Malware Privacy Technology Audio/Video Emerging Tech Virtual Reality Gaming Home Tech How-To Photography Science Health Space Tech Buzz Tech Law Transportation Tech Blog  Reader Services  Account Management Discussion News Alerts Newsletters Reader Surveys RSS / Headline Feeds Search ECT News Network ECT News Network Map CRM Buyer Site Map E-Commerce Times Site Map LinuxInsider Site Map TechNewsWorld Site Map May 10, 2017 12:02:03 AM PDT TechNewsWorld > Computing > Hardware > Chips | Next Article in Chips Flaw in Intel Chips Could Open Door to Botnet Armies Print Email By John P. Mello Jr. May 9, 2017 2:47 PM PT A 7-year-old flaw in Intel chips could enable hijackers to gain total control of business computers and use them for malicious purposes. The Intel AMT (active management technology) vulnerability is the first of its kind, according to Embedi, which released technical details about it last week. Attackers could take advantage of the flaw to get full control over business computers, even if they were turned off, provided they were plugged into an outlet, according to the firm, which makes security products for embedded and smart devices. Intel's AMT, which is installed on many vPro chipsets, is designed to allow computers running the chips to be accessed remotely. "Hardware integrated management and security solutions like AMT provide powerful capabilities that can do a lot of good, like making power management more efficient and ensuring updates are installed," said John Morello, CTO of Twistlock. "However, they sit so low in the stack that any flaw in them effectively means the whole system is owned," he told TechNewsWorld. In a Botnet Soon Although the vulnerability has existed for years, Intel is not aware of any exploitation of the flaw, said company spokesperson William Moss. As many as 8,500 devices -- 3,000 of them in the United States -- are affected by the flaw and facing the Internet, according to Data Breach Today. There might be many more vulnerable devices that could be accessed and exploited by hackers even though they are not connected to the Internet. "We have implemented and validated a firmware update to address the problem, and we are cooperating with equipment manufacturers to make it available to end-users as soon as possible," Intel's Moss said. "Consumer PCs with consumer firmware and data center servers using Intel Server Platform Services (SPS) are not affected by this vulnerability." The need for a firmware update to address the vulnerability is what makes the flaw dangerous, maintained Twistlock's Morello. "Many organizations are happily running hardware that's no longer being serviced by the OEM, particularly when you're talking about low-margin small business PCs and servers with short support lifecycles," he said. "The reality is that many of those systems will never be fixed and will forever be vulnerable," Morello continued, "meaning there's a high likelihood you'll see them in a botnet near you one day soon." Firmware Patches Challenging Firmware vulnerabilities can be more troublesome than other kinds of flaws, noted Morey Haber, vice president of technology for BeyondTrust. "Patching firmware on servers is always a challenge for remote management tools, since many operating systems do not support the vendor supplied utilities to initiate them," Haber told TechNewsWorld. This problem affects every original equipment manufacturer that uses the solution, he said, including Dell, HP, Fujitsu and Lenovo, and they will have to test and supply the patch as well. "Patching this fault on every server and every hypervisor will take time and cause potential outages," Haber added. "Businesses must plan for a massive update in order to stay safe and stay compliant." Until the patch can be installed, those who might be at risk should turn off AMT, he recommended, especially on Windows machines, as they will likely be the first to be attacked. They also should filter AMT ports, and allow communications to them only from trusted sources. Further, they should take care to avoid exposing AMT posts to the Internet. Lessons Learned What can be learned from the AMT flaw? "No software, not even firmware, is safe -- and even tools that have existed for years can have critical vulnerabilities discovered that can lead to an incident, or worse, a breach," Haber said. Intel likely learned something about its quality and assurance procedures from this incident, observed Bobby Kuzma, a system engineer with Core Security. "This vulnerability should have been caught by Q&A long ago," he told TechNewsWorld. "The fact that it wasn't should be a question that they have to reflect on for awhile." If Intel's Q&A process needs tightening up, now might be the right time to do it, as firmware vulnerabilities are attracting the attention of more and more researchers. "That tends to mean that more vulnerabilities are going to be identified," said Todd O'Boyle, CTO of Strongarm. "This is one in a long list of things like this we're going to see," he told TechNewsWorld, "so people should be prepared to deal with this again in the near future." John P. Mello Jr. has been an ECT News Network reporter since 2003. His areas of focus include cybersecurity, IT issues, privacy, e-commerce, social media, artificial intelligence, big data and consumer electronics. He has written and edited for numerous publications, including the Boston Business Journal, the Boston Phoenix, Megapixel.Net and Government Security News. Email John. Get Permission to License or Reproduce this Article Print Email Reprints More by John P. Mello Jr. Reader Comments Be the first to comment! Related Stories Silicon Valley Firms Lock Arms Against Trump Immigration Order Feb 7, 2017 Lenovo Surprises With Home Tech Play Jan 4, 2017 News Alerts Dell Activate Alert | Search Archives Lenovo Activate Alert | Search Archives Create Your Own News Alerts More in Chips Qualcomm May Seek iPhone Ban to Retaliate Against Apple Qualcomm Answers Apple's $1B Lawsuit, Files Counterclaims Imagination's Picture Bleak After Apple Cuts It Loose Intel Bets $15.3B on Mobileye's Self-Driving Car Tech Nvidia's GeForce 1080 Ti Raises Graphical Chip Bar Yet Again Qualcomm, Microsoft to Give Cloud Services a Speed Boost Free Newsletters from ECT News Network Don't Miss a Story. Get the Latest Headlines Delivered to Your Inbox. Tech News Flash Daily - View Sample E-Commerce Minute Daily - View Sample ECT News Network Weekly Newsletter - View Sample Editor's Pick - View Sample View All More by John P. Mello Jr. Apple May Be Prepping Siri for Smart Home Duty Study Finds Gender Bias in Open Source Community Internet Giants Ramp Up Fake News Defenses Uber Boss Practices Brinksmanship With Apple Apple May Be Getting Its Innovation Groove Back Microsoft's Timely Response to Shadow Brokers Threat Raises Questions Most Popular Newsletters News Alerts What is your position on Net neutrality? I'm for it. I strongly favor a free and open Internet. I oppose it. It stifles competition and innovation. I don't understand it. I have no position. I didn't understand it until John Oliver explained it. I'm with him. I don't like John Oliver, so I'm against it. I don't think my position on this matters at all. Vote to See Results E-Commerce Times John Oliver's Viewers Flood FCC Site With Net Neutrality Concerns Surviving the Security 'Skills Desert' Qualcomm May Seek iPhone Ban to Retaliate Against Apple Reinventing Online Marketplaces in the Cloud AI Is Still in Its Formative Years Microsoft Aims to School Google With Education Onslaught New Deals Turn Twitter's Content Stream Into a River The Grim Upward Trajectory of Mobile Fraud Risks CRM Buyer Nutshell CTO Andy Fowler: Good CRM Tools Stay Out of the Way Ecosystem Two-Dot-Oh Salesforce Rejiggers Enterprise Apps Partner Plan Congress Probes United Airlines' Customer Mishandling Reasoning in CRM Marketing Firm Zeta Global Turns Heads With $140M Funding Round Then and Now Salesforce, QuintilesIMS Team to Push New Therapies to Market LinuxInsider Raspberry Pi Fans Can Build Their Own AI Voice Assistant A Taste of Linux From a Sample Disk Platter Ultimate Edition Linux: Rough Road to a Nice Destination Study Finds Gender Bias in Open Source Community Red Hat Gives JBoss AMQ a Makeover Linux's Big Bang: One Kernel, Countless Distros Mobile Ubuntu Gamble to Fizzle Out in June New Strain of Linux Malware Could Get Serious TechNewsWorld Headlines TechNewsWorld The Massive Unintended Consequences of Self-Driving Cars BlackBerry KEYone's Success Hinges on Physical Keyboard Longing Google Neutralizes Docs Phishing Scam Hulu Aims to Reinvent Live TV Experience Apple May Be Prepping Siri for Smart Home Duty Nintendo Drops New Portable on Market as Switch Sales Take Hold What People Don't Get About Tesla Duty Calls Popular Shooter Back to World War II Inside TechNewsWorld Applications Report: Commercial Software Riddled With Open Source Code Flaws Kingsoft Adds Cloud Support to WPS Office Microsoft Shutters CodePlex, Will Migrate Projects to GitHub Computing Tiny Core: Small Footprint, Big Potential Microsoft's Timely Response to Shadow Brokers Threat Raises Questions Federal Agencies Turn to Software-Defined Data Storage Data Management Blockchain: CRM's Next Frontier Dun & Bradstreet Marketing Database Exposed Google Nabs Kaggle to Stay Ahead of Data Science Curve Emerging Tech Our Sci-Fi Future: Silly vs. Terrifying Facebook Builds a VR Space, but Will Anyone Come? Google Spins VR Experiences on the Web Exclusives CloudCraze EVP Andrew Witherspoon: For Successful B2B, Set Aside Expectations EquiSeq CEO Lexi Palmer: Act Like You're Not Scared and Go at It Outreach CEO Manny Medina: Selling Success Hardware A Window Into the Linux Desktop Apple May Be Getting Its Innovation Groove Back Qualcomm Answers Apple's $1B Lawsuit, Files Counterclaims Internet of Things Next Downturn Could Have Silver Lining for IoT What Do the Academy Awards, AWS and AI Have in Common? Online Trust Alliance Launches IoT Security Campaign IT Leadership Clinton Issues Clarion Call to Boost Tech in the US Google's 'Area 120' Incubator Aims to Keep Innovation In-House A Dramatic 16 Years for 4 Tech Titans Mobile Tech Millions May Have Picked Up FalseGuide Malware at Google Play Store Apple Slashes App Store Affiliate Commissions Uber Boss Practices Brinksmanship With Apple Science Healthgrades' CareChats Aims to Tear Down Doctor-Patient Wall Facebook's Latest Moon Shot: I Think, Therefore I Type Apple May Transform Diabetes Care and Treatment: Report Spotlight Features Traversing the Social Media Minefield China's Business-Unfriendly Cybersecurity Stance Conspiracy Theories in the Information Age, Part 2 Tech Buzz The iPhone Model's Impending Obsolescence Why Is It OK to Abuse Customers? Gadget Ogling: Samsung Swings, Plus Live 360 Cameras and Smart Tuners Publications E-Commerce Times TechNewsWorld LinuxInsider CRM Buyer Newsletters E-Commerce Minute Tech News Flash ECT News Network Weekly Editor's Pick Subscribe Reader Services Account Management Discussion Linking Policy Network Map News Alerts RSS / XML Feeds Search ECT News Network Company Info About Advertising Business Development Careers Contact Permissions Reprint Information Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | How To Advertise Copyright 1998-2017 ECT News Network, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
CORRECTING and REPLACING Intel Editorial: Professional-Grade Intel Falcon 8+ System Offers Advanced Performance for Business-Critical Flights Intel Commercial Drone System Is Ramping Production for the North America Market The Intel Falcon 8+ drone is an advanced, unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) designed for professional use. It delivers the best performance and weight-to-payload ratio on the market, the highest stability in harsh conditions, and best-in-class safety. (Credit: Intel Corporation) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? The Intel Falcon 8+ drone is an advanced, unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) designed for professional use. It delivers the best performance and weight-to-payload ratio on the market, the highest stability in harsh conditions, and best-in-class safety. (Credit: Intel Corporation) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail The Intel Falcon 8+ drone is an advanced, unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) designed for professional use. It delivers the best performance and weight-to-payload ratio on the market, the highest stability in harsh conditions, and best-in-class safety. (Credit: Intel Corporation) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail The MAVinci Sirius Pro commercial drone provides high precision without manual-set control points. (Credit: Intel Corporation) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Anil Nanduri is a vice president and general manager of unmanned aviation systems in the Perceptual Computing Group at Intel Corporation. Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail CORRECTION...by Intel Corporation May 09, 2017 01:36 PM Eastern Daylight Time DALLAS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Seventh paragraph, second sentence of release should read: It is stable and rugged enough to work in high winds, is designed with resistance to magnetic field disturbances for accurate data capture, and features electronic system redundancy, including autopilot and battery redundancies. (instead of: It is stable and rugged enough to work in high winds, is able to adjust for magnetic field interference for accurate data capture, and features electronic system redundancy, including autopilot and battery redundancies.) The corrected release reads: INTEL EDITORIAL: PROFESSIONAL-GRADE INTEL FALCON 8+ SYSTEM OFFERS ADVANCED PERFORMANCE FOR BUSINESS-CRITICAL FLIGHTS Intel Commercial Drone System Is Ramping Production for the North America Market The following is an opinion editorial provided by Anil Nanduri, vice president and general manager of unmanned aviation systems in the Perceptual Computing Group at Intel Corporation: The ability to capture data with drones has inspired businesses to disrupt traditional workflows in the pursuit of improved safety, cost savings and enhanced insights. Drones are especially adept at capturing large amounts of business-critical inspection and mapping data over a short period. Incorporating drone technology as a tool to complement existing professional workflows is not only a strategic business move, but allows companies to gain a competitive edge, increase efficiency and heighten productivity. As part of Intel’s focus to pursue innovative technologies in the commercial drone space, my team and I are proud to announce the Intel© Falcon™ 8+ System is ramping production for the North America market. Press Kits: 2017 AUVSI XPONENTIAL | Drones at Intel Outfitted for industrial inspection and close mapping applications, the Intel Falcon 8+ drone is designed with safety, performance and precision in mind. By integrating advanced technologies into UAVs, like the Intel Falcon 8+ drone, they become indispensable tools, to be used in ways that will truly transform businesses and even help save lives. Conventional methods of inspecting or surveying sites typically result in hours of downtime, revenue loss, delayed work and sometimes even an increased risk of injury when inspectors or surveyors need to access unusual or hard-to-reach places, such as cell towers, bridges and wind turbines, just to name a few. Deploying a drone to capture aerial data for the same purpose is safer and more effective – allowing the job site to continue in full production – and can take as little as 15 minutes. Because of its ease of use, drone technology can deliver high ROI from the first flight. For example, oil rig inspections can be extremely dangerous, costly and time-consuming. By incorporating the Intel Falcon 8+ System into an oil rig inspection, businesses are able to transform dozens of critical tasks including aerial surveying/mapping, inspection, progress reporting, and collecting liability evidence, while increasing productivity and helping make their employees safer than before. The Intel Falcon 8+ System sets a new standard for commercial-grade drones. It is stable and rugged enough to work in high winds, is designed with resistance to magnetic field disturbances for accurate data capture, and features electronic system redundancy, including autopilot and battery redundancies. The system also provides detailed images down to millimeter resolution, providing operators with tremendous opportunities to efficiently generate valuable aerial precision data – what businesses have come to expect. Intel is working to evolve and broaden the use of drones via technology to make them smarter and more aware, to evangelize drone policy and regulation, and to demonstrate how drones can be used in productive and exciting ways – making the most amazing experiences of the future possible. For more information on the Intel Falcon 8+ System and Intel’s work in the drone industry, visit Intel’s “The Airborne Revolution” site. More on the Intel Falcon 8+ System: Falcon 8+ Fact Sheet Falcon 8+ Product Information Anil Nanduri is a vice president and general manager of unmanned aviation systems in the Perceptual Computing Group at Intel Corporation. Contacts Intel Corporation Jason Farrell, 480-554-5527 Jason.D.Farrell@intel.com Release Summary Outfitted for industrial inspection and close mapping applications, the Intel Falcon 8+ drone is designed with safety, performance and precision in mind. Intel is beginning production of the drone. Contacts Intel Corporation Jason Farrell, 480-554-5527 Jason.D.Farrell@intel.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman CORRECTING and REPLACING Intel Editorial: Professional-Grade Intel Falcon 8+ System Offers Advanced Performance for Business-Critical Flights DALLAS–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Seventh paragraph, second sentence of release should read: It is stable and rugged enough to work in high winds, is designed with resistance to magnetic field disturbances for accurate data capture, and features electronic system redundancy, including autopilot and battery redundancies. (instead of: It is stable and rugged enough to work in high winds, is able to adjust for magnetic field interference for accurate data capture, and features electronic system redundancy, including autopilot and battery redundancies.) The corrected release reads: INTEL EDITORIAL: PROFESSIONAL-GRADE INTEL FALCON 8+ SYSTEM OFFERS ADVANCED PERFORMANCE FOR BUSINESS-CRITICAL FLIGHTS Intel Commercial Drone System Is Ramping Production for the North America Market The following is an opinion editorial provided by Anil Nanduri, vice president and general manager of unmanned aviation systems in the Perceptual Computing Group at Intel Corporation: The ability to capture data with drones has inspired businesses to disrupt traditional workflows in the pursuit of improved safety, cost savings and enhanced insights. Drones are especially adept at capturing large amounts of business-critical inspection and mapping data over a short period. Incorporating drone technology as a tool to complement existing professional workflows is not only a strategic business move, but allows companies to gain a competitive edge, increase efficiency and heighten productivity. As part of Intel’s focus to pursue innovative technologies in the commercial drone space, my team and I are proud to announce the Intel© Falcon™ 8+ System is ramping production for the North America market. Press Kits: 2017 AUVSI XPONENTIAL | Drones at Intel Outfitted for industrial inspection and close mapping applications, the Intel Falcon 8+ drone is designed with safety, performance and precision in mind. By integrating advanced technologies into UAVs, like the Intel Falcon 8+ drone, they become indispensable tools, to be used in ways that will truly transform businesses and even help save lives. Conventional methods of inspecting or surveying sites typically result in hours of downtime, revenue loss, delayed work and sometimes even an increased risk of injury when inspectors or surveyors need to access unusual or hard-to-reach places, such as cell towers, bridges and wind turbines, just to name a few. Deploying a drone to capture aerial data for the same purpose is safer and more effective – allowing the job site to continue in full production – and can take as little as 15 minutes. Because of its ease of use, drone technology can deliver high ROI from the first flight. For example, oil rig inspections can be extremely dangerous, costly and time-consuming. By incorporating the Intel Falcon 8+ System into an oil rig inspection, businesses are able to transform dozens of critical tasks including aerial surveying/mapping, inspection, progress reporting, and collecting liability evidence, while increasing productivity and helping make their employees safer than before. The Intel Falcon 8+ System sets a new standard for commercial-grade drones. It is stable and rugged enough to work in high winds, is designed with resistance to magnetic field disturbances for accurate data capture, and features electronic system redundancy, including autopilot and battery redundancies. The system also provides detailed images down to millimeter resolution, providing operators with tremendous opportunities to efficiently generate valuable aerial precision data – what businesses have come to expect. Intel is working to evolve and broaden the use of drones via technology to make them smarter and more aware, to evangelize drone policy and regulation, and to demonstrate how drones can be used in productive and exciting ways – making the most amazing experiences of the future possible. For more information on the Intel Falcon 8+ System and Intel’s work in the drone industry, visit Intel’s “The Airborne Revolution” site. More on the Intel Falcon 8+ System: Anil Nanduri is a vice president and general manager of unmanned aviation systems in the Perceptual Computing Group at Intel Corporation. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious FirstNet’s Nationwide Network: Becoming a Reality for America’s First Responders Next PostNext Adobe Releases Security Updates Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman CORRECTING and REPLACING Intel Editorial: Professional-Grade Intel Falcon 8+ System Offers Advanced Performance for Business-Critical Flights DALLAS–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Seventh paragraph, second sentence of release should read: It is stable and rugged enough to work in high winds, is designed with resistance to magnetic field disturbances for accurate data capture, and features electronic system redundancy, including autopilot and battery redundancies. (instead of: It is stable and rugged enough to work in high winds, is able to adjust for magnetic field interference for accurate data capture, and features electronic system redundancy, including autopilot and battery redundancies.) The corrected release reads: INTEL EDITORIAL: PROFESSIONAL-GRADE INTEL FALCON 8+ SYSTEM OFFERS ADVANCED PERFORMANCE FOR BUSINESS-CRITICAL FLIGHTS Intel Commercial Drone System Is Ramping Production for the North America Market The following is an opinion editorial provided by Anil Nanduri, vice president and general manager of unmanned aviation systems in the Perceptual Computing Group at Intel Corporation: The ability to capture data with drones has inspired businesses to disrupt traditional workflows in the pursuit of improved safety, cost savings and enhanced insights. Drones are especially adept at capturing large amounts of business-critical inspection and mapping data over a short period. Incorporating drone technology as a tool to complement existing professional workflows is not only a strategic business move, but allows companies to gain a competitive edge, increase efficiency and heighten productivity. As part of Intel’s focus to pursue innovative technologies in the commercial drone space, my team and I are proud to announce the Intel© Falcon™ 8+ System is ramping production for the North America market. Press Kits: 2017 AUVSI XPONENTIAL | Drones at Intel Outfitted for industrial inspection and close mapping applications, the Intel Falcon 8+ drone is designed with safety, performance and precision in mind. By integrating advanced technologies into UAVs, like the Intel Falcon 8+ drone, they become indispensable tools, to be used in ways that will truly transform businesses and even help save lives. Conventional methods of inspecting or surveying sites typically result in hours of downtime, revenue loss, delayed work and sometimes even an increased risk of injury when inspectors or surveyors need to access unusual or hard-to-reach places, such as cell towers, bridges and wind turbines, just to name a few. Deploying a drone to capture aerial data for the same purpose is safer and more effective – allowing the job site to continue in full production – and can take as little as 15 minutes. Because of its ease of use, drone technology can deliver high ROI from the first flight. For example, oil rig inspections can be extremely dangerous, costly and time-consuming. By incorporating the Intel Falcon 8+ System into an oil rig inspection, businesses are able to transform dozens of critical tasks including aerial surveying/mapping, inspection, progress reporting, and collecting liability evidence, while increasing productivity and helping make their employees safer than before. The Intel Falcon 8+ System sets a new standard for commercial-grade drones. It is stable and rugged enough to work in high winds, is designed with resistance to magnetic field disturbances for accurate data capture, and features electronic system redundancy, including autopilot and battery redundancies. The system also provides detailed images down to millimeter resolution, providing operators with tremendous opportunities to efficiently generate valuable aerial precision data – what businesses have come to expect. Intel is working to evolve and broaden the use of drones via technology to make them smarter and more aware, to evangelize drone policy and regulation, and to demonstrate how drones can be used in productive and exciting ways – making the most amazing experiences of the future possible. For more information on the Intel Falcon 8+ System and Intel’s work in the drone industry, visit Intel’s “The Airborne Revolution” site. More on the Intel Falcon 8+ System: Anil Nanduri is a vice president and general manager of unmanned aviation systems in the Perceptual Computing Group at Intel Corporation. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious FirstNet’s Nationwide Network: Becoming a Reality for America’s First Responders Next PostNext Adobe Releases Security Updates Search Recent Posts Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Industrial valves Market Worldwide: Latest Industry Trends, Trades, Supply, Demand, Future prospects by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
gizmodo Deadspin Fusion Gizmodo Jalopnik Jezebel Kotaku Lifehacker The Root gizmodo What All of Your Computer's Specs Really Mean David NieldSunday 2:31pm Filed to: PC computers specs CPU RAM graphics 69 17 Edit Promote Share to Kinja Toggle Conversation tools Go to permalink Image: Alex Cranz/Gizmodo Computer specs can be a baffling mix of acronyms and numbers at the best of times, but it’s worth learning something about them: It’ll help you choose a new computer, troubleshoot your old computer, and generally understand more about the relationship between the specs on the page and the experience you’re getting. Advertisement Such is the complexity of the modern-day computer, we could’ve written an article twice this size on any one of the categories listed below (look at any graphics card forum for proof)—but the main aim here is to help you understand the specs you see listed with desktops and laptops, and give you an idea of the difference they make to performance. CPU Image: Peter Miller/Flickr The Central Processing Unit, or CPU, or processor, is the brains of the operation: it handles all those calculations that keep your computer actually working. The CPU inside your machine is the main (but not the only) contributor to its overall speed and performance. Advertisement CPUs have a certain number of cores, mini computing units that are effectively CPUs in their own right—they let your computer work on multiple tasks at the same time, so the more cores the better. On top of this, each core has a clock speed, a measurement of how fast it can do its number crunching, usually measured in gigahertz (GHz). Comparing the performance of CPUs based on core number and clock speeds is notoriously difficult (sorry shoppers). That’s because multiple factors are involved, most related to the microarchitecture of the CPUs. The microarchitecture is basically the way that the cores and the other bits of a CPU are packed together. The two big computer CPU makers, Intel and AMD, have their own microarchitecture designs. When you see references to Intel Skylake, Intel Kaby Lake, or AMD Zen (on Ryzen chips), this is what’s being referred to, and newer is always better as successive microarchitectures allow the CPU to work faster and more efficiently (and use less power). Image: AMD Intel and AMD also apply their own labels—i3, i5, and i7 in Intel’s case—to indicate relative performance within a microarchitecture family. It’s a useful shorthand reference to the power you can expect, with i7 CPUs the best of the bunch from Intel. In AMD’s case, you’re talking about Ryzen 3, Ryzen 5 and the top-end Ryzen 7. Advertisement Sponsored If you want the very best processors around, you should also look out for what Intel calls hyper-threading and what AMD calls simultaneous multi-threading. These technologies effectively double the number of cores (virtually, not physically) so you’ve got significantly improved performance for demanding applications like video editing or CAD software. Unless you’re building your own PC from scratch, that’s probably all you need to know when looking at system listings, but CPUs have numerous other specs, including the amount of high-speed memory cache and the extra graphics processing capabilities that are on board. If your CPU has enough integrated graphics oomph, you don’t need a separate card or chipset, of which more below. Graphics Image: Alex Cranz/Gizmodo The other big factor in computer performance, particularly if you’re gaming or working with a lot of video and images, is graphics. We only gave it a brief mention in the processor section, but many Intel CPUs now come with a decent amount of graphics processing power built in, enough for most users to get by with a bit of web browsing, Twittering, essay writing and even light image editing and gaming. You can also get integrated graphics chipsets built into the motherboard as well as the CPU. Integrated graphics share memory with the CPU and aren’t as powerful as having a dedicated (or discrete) card, but it’s a cheaper option that also draws less power, which is why it’s often deployed on laptops where battery life is important. Wherever it’s installed on your system, the GPU (Graphics Processing Unit) churns through calculations just like the CPU does, but only the number-crunching related to rendering pictures, animations, and videos on screen. GPUs are much better at performing many operations in parallel, as you can see here, which is why they’re now being used in other areas like science and encryption. Image: Nvidia In terms of specs, it’s not particularly easy to weigh one graphics card or GPU against another. You’ll see reference to number of compute units (like cores in a CPU) and raw clock speed. As with a CPU, these are two key factors to consider, but also keep an eye out for FLOPS, or Floating Point Operations Per Second—a type of maths operation particularly important in graphics. Advertisement Advertisement Video card GPUs come with their own RAM or video RAM (vRAM). This works in a similar way to the computer’s main RAM, but deals solely with graphics (with the same specs references to speed and bandwidth). The more RAM your graphics card has, the more pixels it can render in memory at once, which leads to games running at higher resolutions with faster frame rates. Essentially video cards are like separate miniature computers, with processors, RAM and architecture all of their own, and the same performance factors apply. For the non-expert, there are a couple of useful shortcuts to working out how powerful a graphics setup is without having to pour over the specs in too much detail: how much it costs and the benchmarks reported on the web. RAM Image: Glenn Batuyong/Flickr Random Access Memory or RAM gives your computer room to think, and the more of it the better, as long as you can afford it. When you’ve got 3,000 browser tabs open, the RAM is the first to suffer, because your computer’s trying to remember what’s in all of those 3,000 tabs at once. Advertisement More RAM helps your computer deal with bigger images and files, or more images and files at once, or more open tabs, or more applications running simultaneously—it’s not a direct measure of the raw speed of your machine but it certainly helps performance, especially when you’re trying to do a lot. If the RAM gets overloaded, your computer sometimes stores data it needs on the (slower) hard drive instead, which is one reason more RAM equals a speedier experience. Advertisement For the majority of users shopping for a desktop or laptop, all that really matters is how much RAM is installed, but dig deeper and there are plenty of additional specs to consider—especially if you’re trying to build the fastest computer you can. Image: The Beard/Flickr Clock speeds appear again, usually in terms of a frequency rate, which help to determine how fast the RAM can read and write data as well as how much data the RAM can handle at once (its overall transfer rate). Latency, or how fast the RAM responds to instructions, is an important specification as well. Advertisement One other prominent specification is DDR or Double Data Rate, with DDR4 being the best yet for consumer computers (and an upgrade over DDR3)—it has faster clock speeds, lower power draw, and lower latency. Yet more RAM specifications relate to stability and how well your RAM sticks can handle errors, but again, this isn’t something that most of us will have to worry about: the performance differences only become apparent in very specialist tasks. Other computer specs Image: Marlon J. Manrique/Flickr The CPU, RAM, and graphics are the main specs to consider when assessing your own computer or looking out for a new one, but there are of course other components to bear in mind as well, which you’ll see in system listings. Advertisement The hard drive is very simply the amount of room you’ve got to store stuff permanently (it remembers its data, unlike the RAM). Need more storage? Get a bigger hard drive. Solid-state drives used in Apple’s MacBooks and most high-end laptops have no moving parts and are faster than the older mechanical hard disk drives, but they’re also more expensive and don’t offer as much capacity. Newer technologies like hybrid drives and Intel’s Optane technology are looking to find a better compromise between the two. You probably won’t give any thought to your motherboard unless you have to build a PC yourself, but it acts as the nervous system for the whole machine and connects all the various bits together. Motherboard specs, such as they are, don’t make a huge difference to overall performance but they can help the key components work together more efficiently and faster. The motherboard also dictates how many input and output ports you’ve got on your system. Advertisement Other specs you see should be self-explanatory, like the size of your monitor or the number of memory card slots you’re getting. And if you’re in the market for a new phone, a lot of the specs—processor, RAM, storage—do the same job on these miniature computers as they do on the full-sized versions. OK Computer How to Figure Out What's Slowing Your Computer Down The Easiest Ways to Upgrade Your Computer Yourself How to Use Your Favorite Mobile Apps on Your Computer David Nield david.nield@gizmodo.com @davidnield Contributor Reply69 repliesLeave a reply You may also like Field Guide How to Turn Your Smartphone Into an (Almost) Nintendo Switch Saturday 10:30am Gizmodo So Begins the Alt-Right Purity Spiral Monday 12:50pm Gizmodo Lost Irish Beach Mysteriously Reappears After 33 Years Monday 1:15pm Recent from David Nield 2 43 28.4K Field Guide · David Nield How to Set Up Auto-Respond Texts When You're Driving Friday 12:19pm 6 4 12.9K Field Guide · David Nield How to Tell Cool Free Apps From Dangerous Ones Thursday 1:38pm 7 185 53.7K Field Guide · David Nield How to Abandon Android and Switch to iOS 4/30/17 1:02pm Share Tweet Need Help? Content Guide Permissions Privacy Terms of Use Advertising Jobs RSS ©2017 Gizmodo Media Group Kinja is in read-only mode. We are working to restore service.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 240% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 108% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/9/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 240% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 108% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/9/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: NVIDIA Corporation: The Bear Case From a Bull All investors should understand the pros and cons of their holdings, which is exactly why this NVIDIA bull examines the bear thesis for the high-flying chipmaker. Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) May 9, 2017 at 1:16PM What goes up must come down. Shares of chipmaker NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA) have proved that saying true. NVIDIA shares rallied 430% from the start of 2015 to the end of 2016, marking for one of the most impressive performances among all U.S. large-cap stocks. However, the new year hasn't treated NVIDIA with the same warm reception as the preceding two years have. In fact, NVIDIA stock has fallen about 3% so far in 2017 and sits a full 13% off the 52-week highs it reached in early February. NVDA data by YCharts But I remain as bullish on NVIDIA stock as I ever have; its pullback technically makes it a more compelling potential buy. However, since no investor understands all the aspects of his or her investment thesis until examining the opposite perspective, let's look at the bear case for the company from an NVIDIA bull, focusing on two central issues. NVIDIA faces new competitive pressures Until recently, it wasn't clear which company, if any, would challenge NVIDIA's path to dominating the most important facets of our artificial intelligence (AI) future. The massive potential financial opportunities from powering self-driving cars, AI software, and more brought several challengers to the fore. Over the past year, Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) and Qualcomm have each unveiled their own road maps for products they hope will challenge NVIDIA. Last August, Intel purchased semiconductor maker Nervana, a move that led Intel last year to launch its own deep-learning chip architecture. The company claims these chips will perform 100 times faster than NVIDIA's current GPUs aimed to train deep neural networks  by 2020. Whether this goal comes to pass remains far from certain, but the highly public nature and scope of Intel's plans signal Intel's seriousness. In another unmistakable sign of seriousness, Intel is also shelling out $15.3 billion to acquire self-driving-vehicle hardware maker Mobileye, despite the company's minuscule financial footprint. Intel is making it clear that it's determined not to miss AI as a generational tech trend, as it did with the rise of mobile early last decade. Likewise, Qualcomm recently optimized the CPU, GPU, and digital signal processing capabilities on its Snapdragon 835 system on a chip to cater to a number of potential AI applications. In each instance, the ultimate implication is the same. Chipmaker rivals simply can't allow NVIDIA to run away with the market for AI computing, especially at so early a stage. If anything, it seems the competition will only intensify in the coming years. The various potential markets for AI and deep learning seem large enough to accommodate several entrants, though NVIDIA will need to adjust to the evolving reality to remain at the head of the pack. Image source: NVIDIA. NVIDIA is overvalued in the near term Aside from mounting competitive pressures, the other easy knock against NVIDIA relates to its share-price valuation. Here's a quick visual breakdown of three of the most commonly used valuation metrics for NVIDIA today.  Trailing P/E  Forward P/E  EV/EBITDA 40.7  30.9 25.5 P/E = price-to-earnings. EV = enterprise value. EBITDA = earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization. Data source: Yahoo! Finance.  For context, the benchmark S&P 500, which can be viewed as the market average, currently trades at a multiple of 25 times its past 12 months' earnings.  That NVIDIA trades so far above the historically expensive market averages isn't necessarily problematic in and of itself. What matters is how NVIDIA's valuation relates to its growth prospects. According to the average of Wall Street analysts, NVIDIA is expected to increase its sales 16% this year and 12% next year. Analysts see NVIDIA growing its EPS at an 11% average annual rate in the coming five years, and this is where things start to get problematic in terms of NVIDIA's valuation. Simply put, 40 times earnings is a bit rich in the near term for a company growing in the mid- to low single digits, but that's in my mind where a critical distinction arises. When thinking about a growth company leading a generational change, like NVIDIA, it's important to remember that quarter-to-quarter or multiyear valuations will be inadequate in capturing the sheer scope of this business opportunity. This idea is perhaps easiest to capture in terms of self-driving cars, but it probably applies to most of NVIDIA's AI-related businesses. Analysts estimate the global automotive fleet "turns over" every 15 years, meaning it takes 15 years before all the cars produced in a given year cease being used. Fully autonomous cars aren't expected to begin to reach market until the start of the next decade at the soonest, which means the earliest full-on self-driving cars will reach full market saturation around 2035 or later, and that's the best-case scenario. The rebuttal to NVIDIA's valuation criticisms is that its growth horizon extends for decades, not quarters. So while it is indeed an expensive stock to own today, NVIDIA's multidecade business opportunity offers a compelling reason to buy and hold its shares for the long haul. Andrew Tonner has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Nvidia and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) Andrew Tonner is a senior tech specialist for The Motley Fool. He is a graduate of The University of Arizona with a degree in Finance. Follow @andrewtonner Article Info May 9, 2017 at 1:16PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $36.37 down $0.17 (-0.47%) Nvidia NASDAQ:NVDA $102.94 up $0.17 (0.17%) Read More NVIDIA Corp. Data Center Sales Tripled in Q1 3 Driverless Car Stocks You Won't Have to Babysit Is NVIDIA's Gaming Business About to Hit a Major Roadblock? The Best Stock to Buy in This Multibillion-Dollar Market 3 Top Dividend Stocks in Machine Learning Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current NVIDIA Corporation: The Bear Case From a Bull @themotleyfool #stocks $INTC, $NVDA
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS Have feedback on the new design? Reach out to online.editors@barrons.com This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/intels-managing-balance-of-good-servers-bad-pcs-says-fitch-1494343131 Tech Trader Daily Intel’s Managing Balance of Good Servers, Bad PCs, Says Fitch Fitch gave an "A+" rating to a new debt offering by Intel, opening that the company is managing to balance the continued decline in the PC industry with growth in its chips for server computers. Intel has $17 billion of cash against $29 billion of debt. By Tiernan Ray May 9, 2017 11:18 a.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large Debt folks at Fitch Ratings today gave an “A+” rating to Intel’s (INTC) proposed offering of $6.5 billion in floating rate senior notes, arguing the company has “solid” liquidity, and that its data center computing efforts will offset a continued decline in personal computer sales. With $17.3 billon of cash, against $29.3 billion of long-term debt, as of $April 1st, the company’s liquidity is fine, says the ratings house’s principal analyst, Jason Pompeii, considering Intel is expected to bring in $3 billion annually in free cash flow. “Key assumptions” that Pompeii holds are that Intel’s "Client Computing Group” revenue will be “flat” going forward, "driven by mid-single-digit unit declines offset by price increases from a strengthening PC mix and new product introductions." However, the "Data Center Group,” or “DCG,” will see revenue rise by "mid-single digits” this year “and low single digits thereafter,” given what he expects to be "healthy spending from cloud and communications service providers offset by weaker enterprise spending." The other parts of the business, such as its Internet of Things and its non-volatile memory business, will be sources of stronger growth for the company. IoT may increase revenue “in the low teens” on a percentage basis after 2017, while the memory business is benefitting from shortages of NAND flash, though that will taper off in 2018. The positive view on Intel is despite “intense” investment by the company to keep Moore’s Law alive in its semiconductor factories: High Investment Intensity: Fitch expects R&D and capital spending to continue to represent 35% - 40% of net revenues, driven by the continuation of Moore's Law and non-volatile memory (3D NAND and X-Point) technologies. At the same time, Intel has committed to limiting operating expenses as a percentage of revenue to 30% by 2020, versus 35.6% on a GAAP basis in 2016. Intel shares today are down a penny at $36.53. Debt folks at Fitch Ratings today gave an “A+” rating to Intel’s (INTC) proposed offering of $6.5 billion in floating rate senior notes, arguing the company has “solid” liquidity, and that its data center computing efforts will offset a continued decline in personal computer sales. With $17.3 billon of cash, against $29.3 billion of long-term debt, as of $April 1st, the company’s liquidity is fine, says the ratings house’s principal analyst, Jason Pompeii, considering Intel is expected to bring in $3 billion annually in free cash flow. “Key assumptions” that Pompeii holds are that Intel’s "Client Computing Group” revenue will be “flat” going forward, "driven by mid-single-digit unit declines offset by price increases from a strengthening PC mix and new product introductions." However, the "Data Center Group,” or “DCG,” will see revenue rise by "mid-single digits” this year “and low single digits thereafter,” given what he expects to be "healthy spending from cloud and communications service providers offset by weaker enterprise spending." The other parts of the business, such as its Internet of Things and its non-volatile memory business, will be sources of stronger growth for the company. IoT may increase revenue “in the low teens” on a percentage basis after 2017, while the memory business is benefitting from shortages of NAND flash, though that will taper off in 2018. The positive view on Intel is despite “intense” investment by the company to keep Moore’s Law alive in its semiconductor factories: High Investment Intensity: Fitch expects R&D and capital spending to continue to represent 35% - 40% of net revenues, driven by the continuation of Moore's Law and non-volatile memory (3D NAND and X-Point) technologies. At the same time, Intel has committed to limiting operating expenses as a percentage of revenue to 30% by 2020, versus 35.6% on a GAAP basis in 2016. Intel shares today are down a penny at $36.53. Debt folks at Fitch Ratings today gave an “A+” rating to Intel’s (INTC) proposed offering of $6.5 billion in floating rate senior notes, arguing the company has “solid” liquidity, and that its data center computing efforts will offset a continued decline in personal computer sales. With $17.3 billon of cash, against $29.3 billion of long-term debt, as of $April 1st, the company’s liquidity is fine, says the ratings house’s principal analyst, Jason Pompeii, considering Intel is expected to bring in $3 billion annually in free cash flow. “Key assumptions” that Pompeii holds are that Intel’s "Client Computing Group” revenue will be “flat” going forward, "driven by mid-single-digit unit declines offset by price increases from a strengthening PC mix and new product introductions." However, the "Data Center Group,” or “DCG,” will see revenue rise by "mid-single digits” this year “and low single digits thereafter,” given what he expects to be "healthy spending from cloud and communications service providers offset by weaker enterprise spending." The other parts of the business, such as its Internet of Things and its non-volatile memory business, will be sources of stronger growth for the company. IoT may increase revenue “in the low teens” on a percentage basis after 2017, while the memory business is benefitting from shortages of NAND flash, though that will taper off in 2018. The positive view on Intel is despite “intense” investment by the company to keep Moore’s Law alive in its semiconductor factories: High Investment Intensity: Fitch expects R&D and capital spending to continue to represent 35% - 40% of net revenues, driven by the continuation of Moore's Law and non-volatile memory (3D NAND and X-Point) technologies. At the same time, Intel has committed to limiting operating expenses as a percentage of revenue to 30% by 2020, versus 35.6% on a GAAP basis in 2016. Intel shares today are down a penny at $36.53. Text Size Regular Medium Large Tiernan Ray tiernan.ray@barrons.com • @barronstechblog PREVIOUS Cisco's Transformation Will Take Years, Says BMO NEXT Pandora Falls 8% Despite KKR Investment: Time to Get Acquired? Most Popular What a Superstar Fund Is Buying Right Now Will End of Subsidies ‘Kill’ Electric Vehicle Market? 5 MLPs Likely to do Best When Crude Rebounds Kohl’s: Can Under Armour Save the Day? Latest In Techtraderdaily Blog Latest In Techtraderdaily Blog Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds. KitGuru The KitGuru System Home News Reviews Gaming Lifestyle Mobile Professional Forum Home / Component / CPU / Intel will be powering the PC Gaming Show at E3 this year Intel will be powering the PC Gaming Show at E3 this year Matthew Wilson 16 hours ago CPU, Featured Announcement, Featured Tech News Over the last couple of years, PC Gaming has been more prevalent at E3, thanks to the PC Gaming Show. Over the last two years, AMD has been the main sponsor of this event, using it as an opportunity to show off new graphics cards but this year, the show is changing hands and will be powered by Intel instead. PC Gamer has announced that Intel will be powering the PC Gaming Show at this year’s E3 in June. This is particularly interesting as recent leaks/rumours have indicated that Intel will be launching its X299 platform and Skylake-X High-End Desktop CPUs in June too. Previously, we assumed that if this rumour were accurate, then Intel would be showing its new hardware at Computex, but with Intel now making a splash at E3, it could go either way. Computex kicks off at the end of May and runs through the first week of June. E3 on the other hand, kicks off on the 12th of June. This gives the company two big opportunities to show off new hardware, though there is no guarantee that Intel will talk on stage at the PC Gaming Show like AMD has over the last two years. For those who want more information about the E3 presentation, it will feature Sean ‘Day9’ Plott hosting once again. Developers like Bohemia Interactive, Nexon, Cygames and Tripwire Interactive are also set to appear. KitGuru Says: Over the last two years, the main highlight of the PC Gaming show for me has been GPU announcements. We won’t be getting one of those this year and while Intel could show something off, E3 doesn’t seem like the right venue for a CPU announcement. Computex on the other hand makes more sense. Either way, we should find out for sure in just a few weeks time. Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Pinterest Tags E3 Intel news PC Gaming Show Previous Speedrunner beats Prey in less than 20 minutes Next Google’s new ‘Fuchsia’ OS shown in new video and images Check Also The FBI’s iPhone hack ended up costing $900,000 One of the biggest stories of 2016 was the Apple V FBI encryption and privacy … Lelisevis Well that’s Computex and E3 down AMD……I know this is a long shot but I have a relocated Maplins store opening near me soon that’s your big shot…….don’t blow it, you have a lot of people waiting. anubis44 LOL. As if gamers haven’t already heard about Ryzen 5’s superior value proposition to Intel’s Core i5/i7 lineup. Intel’s obviously pulling out all the stops in an attempt to staunch the flow of blood they’re now starting to lose, but it’s not going to make any difference. All the coolest and smartest do-it-yourself system builders have all now built Ryzen systems, and are telling all their friends to go AMD for the CPU. With Vega, next it’s nVidia’s turn to start bleeding in the GPU market, too. Polls How many people ask you for technology buying advice in a year? 1 2 to 5 6 to 10 More than 10 None View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive KitGuru Facebook Archives Archives Select Month May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010  Contact Us © Copyright 2017, Kitguru.net All Rights Reserved
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Intel Editorial: Professional-Grade Intel Falcon 8+ System Offers Advanced Performance for Business-Critical Flights DALLAS–(BUSINESS WIRE)–The following is an opinion editorial provided by Anil Nanduri, vice president and general manager of unmanned aviation systems in the Perceptual Computing Group at Intel Corporation: The ability to capture data with drones has inspired businesses to disrupt traditional workflows in the pursuit of improved safety, cost savings and enhanced insights. Drones are especially adept at capturing large amounts of business-critical inspection and mapping data over a short period. Incorporating drone technology as a tool to complement existing professional workflows is not only a strategic business move, but allows companies to gain a competitive edge, increase efficiency and heighten productivity. As part of Intel’s focus to pursue innovative technologies in the commercial drone space, my team and I are proud to announce the Intel© Falcon™ 8+ System is ramping production for the North America market. Press Kits: 2017 AUVSI XPONENTIAL | Drones at Intel Outfitted for industrial inspection and close mapping applications, the Intel Falcon 8+ drone is designed with safety, performance and precision in mind. By integrating advanced technologies into UAVs, like the Intel Falcon 8+ drone, they become indispensable tools, to be used in ways that will truly transform businesses and even help save lives. Conventional methods of inspecting or surveying sites typically result in hours of downtime, revenue loss, delayed work and sometimes even an increased risk of injury when inspectors or surveyors need to access unusual or hard-to-reach places, such as cell towers, bridges and wind turbines, just to name a few. Deploying a drone to capture aerial data for the same purpose is safer and more effective – allowing the job site to continue in full production – and can take as little as 15 minutes. Because of its ease of use, drone technology can deliver high ROI from the first flight. For example, oil rig inspections can be extremely dangerous, costly and time-consuming. By incorporating the Intel Falcon 8+ System into an oil rig inspection, businesses are able to transform dozens of critical tasks including aerial surveying/mapping, inspection, progress reporting, and collecting liability evidence, while increasing productivity and helping make their employees safer than before. The Intel Falcon 8+ System sets a new standard for commercial-grade drones. It is stable and rugged enough to work in high winds, is able to adjust for magnetic field interference for accurate data capture, and features electronic system redundancy, including autopilot and battery redundancies. The system also provides detailed images down to millimeter resolution, providing operators with tremendous opportunities to efficiently generate valuable aerial precision data – what businesses have come to expect. Intel is working to evolve and broaden the use of drones via technology to make them smarter and more aware, to evangelize drone policy and regulation, and to demonstrate how drones can be used in productive and exciting ways – making the most amazing experiences of the future possible. For more information on the Intel Falcon 8+ System and Intel’s work in the drone industry, visit Intel’s “The Airborne Revolution” site. More on the Intel Falcon 8+ System: Anil Nanduri is a vice president and general manager of unmanned aviation systems in the Perceptual Computing Group at Intel Corporation. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious How to Attract Top-Tier Guest Bloggers to Your Blog Next PostNext CIMTEC Automation LLC Selected as Mobile Industrial Robots (MiR) Distribution Partner for NC, SC, VA in North America Search Recent Posts Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Industrial valves Market Worldwide: Latest Industry Trends, Trades, Supply, Demand, Future prospects by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States UBS Dividend Ruler Stocks Walloping S&P 500: 4 to Buy Now By Lee Jackson May 9, 2017 10:00 am EDT Print Email Tweet It is no surprise to longtime investors that total return is a key for success now, as the markets print all-time highs, and yields are still close to all-time lows. We like to remind readers about the impact total return has on portfolios because it is one of the best ways to help improve the chances for overall investing success. Again, total return is the combined increase in a stock’s value plus dividends. For instance, if you buy a stock at $20 that pays a 3% dividend, and it goes up to $22 in a year, your total return is 13% — 10% for the increase in stock price and 3% for the dividends paid. The UBS Dividend Ruler portfolio continues to outperform the overall market, and we continue to think that the outperformance will stay in place for the rest of the year and beyond. The analysts focus on stocks with solid dividends that have consistently grown over time, and their performance this year is outstanding. Year to date, the portfolio is up about 9% on a total return basis, versus 7.9% for the S&P 500. We screened the holdings for the current highest yielding stocks and found four that still make good sense for the latter half of 2017. All are also rated Buy at UBS. Coca-Cola This company remains a top Warren Buffet holding and offers not only safety, but an incredibly strong worldwide brand. Coca-Cola Co. (NYSE: KO) is the world’s largest beverage company, refreshing consumers with more than 500 sparkling and still brands. Led by Coca-Cola, its portfolio features 20 billion-dollar brands, including Diet Coke, Fanta, Sprite, Coca-Cola Zero, vitaminwater, Powerade and Minute Maid. Globally, it is the top provider of sparkling beverages, ready-to-drink coffees and juices and juice drinks. Through the world’s largest beverage distribution system, consumers in more than 200 countries enjoy its beverages at a rate of more than 1.9 billion servings a day. Coca-Cola investors receive an outstanding 3.37% dividend. The UBS price target for the stock is $48, while the Wall Street consensus target is $45.53. The shares closed Monday at $43.89. Intel This leader in semiconductors is working hard to scale away from dependence on personal computers, and the Internet of Things is a big part of the shift. Intel Corp. (NASDAQ: INTC) designs, manufactures and sells integrated digital technology platforms worldwide. The company’s platforms are used in various computing applications comprising notebooks, two-in-one systems, desktops, servers, tablets, smartphones, wireless and wired connectivity products, wearables, retail devices and manufacturing devices, as well as for retail, transportation, industrial, buildings, home use and other market segments. The company also provides communication and connectivity offerings, such as baseband processors, radio frequency transceivers and power management integrated circuits. It offers tablet, phone and Internet of Things solutions, which include multimode 4G LTE modems, Bluetooth technology and GPS receivers, software solutions and interoperability tests, as well as home gateway and set-top box components. Intel investors receive a 2.98% dividend. The $41 UBS price target compares with the consensus target of $40.18 and the most recent close at $36.59. NextEra Energy With a very strong balance sheet, this company looks poised for a solid 2017 and is the only utility on the Dividend Rulers list. NextEra Energy Inc. (NYSE: NEE) is a leading clean energy company with consolidated revenues of over $17.0 billion and approximately 44,900 megawatts of generating capacity, which includes megawatts associated with noncontrolling interests related to NextEra Energy Partners. NextEra Energy’s principal subsidiaries are Florida Power & Light Company, which serves approximately 4.8 million customer accounts in Florida and is one of the largest rate-regulated electric utilities in the United States, and NextEra Energy Resources, which, together with its affiliated entities, is the world’s largest generator of renewable energy from the wind and sun. Investors receive a 2.92% dividend. UBS has a $143 price objective, and the consensus target is $142.08. The shares closed Monday at $134.95. VFC This is one of the higher yielding stocks in the Dividend Ruler portfolio. V.F. Corp. (NYSE: VFC) is a leading apparel wholesaler of lifestyle brands, including North Face, Vans, Wrangler, Lee, Timberland and Nautica. VFC distributes products globally via department stores, independent retailers, specialty chains and its own retail (full price, outlet and e-commerce). Coalition segments include Outdoor and Action Sports (60% of 2015 revenue), Jeanswear (23% of revenue), Imagewear (9% of revenue), Sportswear (5% of revenue) and Contemporary (3% of revenue). Shareholders receive a 3.05% dividend. The UBS price objective is $59. The consensus target is $54.62, and shares closed Monday at $54.96. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   These are solid ideas from the Dividend Rulers list that make good sense for long-term, more conservative investors. It is important to remember that many companies have dividend reinvestment programs in which you can buy more shares with the dividends — a good way to dollar-cost-average buying shares. By Lee Jackson « 8 Reasons You Might Not Be Able to Sell Your House States With the Deadliest Police Chases » Read more: Investing, Analyst Upgrades, Dividends and Buybacks, featured, Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), Coca-Cola (NYSE:KO), NextEra Energy, Inc. (NYSE:NEE), VF Corp (NYSE:VFC) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular 11 Medical Conditions Aspirin Can Treat America's Happiest (and Most Miserable) States America's 25 Thriving Industries 25 Worst Tasting Beers in America 9 Ways to Deal With Robocalls Recent Why Yelp Is Getting Crushed Disney Earnings Aren’t Enough For Investors Tuesday’s Biggest Winners and Losers in the S&P 500 Pandora, Hertz Plunge into Tuesday’s 52-Week Low Club Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Nuance Keeps Seeing Demand Rise TripAdvisor Jump-Starts Sales Growth Despite Weaker Net Income Why Tesla, Inc. Stock Surged 12.9% in April June WTI oil at $46.27/bbl, up from $45.88 Nymex settlement WTI oil edges up in electronic trade; sources say API data show US crude supply drop Nvidia reports earnings of 79 cents a share on revenue of $1.94 billion, beating estimates What Are We Waiting For? New Strong Buy Stocks At 52-Week Highs Today What to Do Before the Machines Take Over Toyota's Fiscal-Year Net Profit Falls 20% Sean Spicer: Democrats Should Agree with the Decision to Fire Comey Amazon Trounces Rivals in Battle of the Shopping 'Bots' Why You Should Be Cautious About The 23-Karat Gold Face Cream At Sephora Australian Senator Becomes First To Breastfeed On Parliament Floor Fyre Festival Apparently Tried To Silence Critics With Cease And Desist Letters Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
  Processors PC Cases Video Cards Motherboards Storage Mobile Memory Cooling Misc News Home | Forum | Shop | RSS Search Legit Reviews Reviews  Intel Optane Memory Tested As Boot Drive, Secondary and RAID 0 Intel Optane Memory Tested As Boot Drive, Secondary and RAID 0 Posted by Nathan Kirsch | Tue, May 09, 2017 - 9:42 AM 0 Comments Jump To: Page 1: Intel Optane Memory - More Benchmarks To Look At Page 2: The SSD Benchmark Test System Page 3: Anvil Storage Utilities Page 4: ATTO & CrystalDiskMark Page 5: CrystalDiskMark 5.2.0 x64 Page 6: AS SSD Benchmark Page 7: PCMark 8 Storage Test Page 8: Final Thoughts & Conclusions Intel Optane Memory – More Benchmarks To Look At Last month Intel/Micron 3D Xpoint memory technology came out and it is the first new memory technology to hit the market in the last 30 years. One might expect the new memory technology to have been introduced on the a flagship consumer product that claims to be the fastest in the world at something, but Intel rolled it out on a caching drive called the Intel Optane Memory Series. Intel put the most advanced memory technology available today on a caching drive that will help make a hard drive competitive with a mainstream SATA SSD. Not exactly a product that will grab headlines and excite the enthusiast community, but we are very excited that Intel Optane SSDs are coming out soon. Intel Optane SSDs will be a consumer product that enthusiasts and gamers will be very excited about after seeing the early performance numbers on the Intel Optane Memory Series and the data center focused Intel Optane SSD DC P4800X Series. The new Intel Optane Memory Series are available now as add-in components in 16GB ($53.39 on Amazon) and 32GB ($76.00 on Amazon) capacities with a 5-year warranty period. Performance on the Intel Optane 32GB drive is rated at up to 1350 MB/s read and 290 MB/s write with 4K Random Read performance of up to 240,000 IOPS and 65,000 IOPS write. The read performance numbers are solid, but clearly this drive isn’t designed to have good write performance. When we covered the Intel Optane Memory Series launch last month the focus was entirely on the drive from a caching perspective as that is the point of the product. We ended up with some angry e-mails and comments on social media about why we didn’t test the raw performance of the drive and even test it as a boot drive. We don’t see too many people buying the 32GB model as a boot drives due to the $76 price point, but we were curious how an Intel Optane Memory module would perform as a primary boot drive, a secondary drive and then as a RAID 0 array with two of them. We managed to get our hands on a second Intel Optane Memory Module 32GB, so we fired up our storage test platform and gave it a quick look. Intel Optane Memory 32GB Performance Sequential Read (up to) 1350 MB/s Sequential Write (up to) 290 MB/s Random Read (up to) 240000 IOPS Latency – Read 9 µs Latency – Write 30 µs Power – Active 3.5 Watts Power – Idle 1 Watt Endurance – 182.5 TBW   It might be a complete waste of time, but we wanted to wet our whistle before Intel Optane SSDs come out. Intel Optane SSD series drives might be pretty expensive though as the Intel Optane Technology marketing slide above shows Intel recommending Intel Optane SSDs for high-end eSport Gamer systems that cost over $6,000. We already know that Intel 3D XPoint isn’t going to be cheak as the Intel Optane Memory Module 32GB costs $2.38 per GB at the current price of $76 and the Intel Optane SSD DC P4800 375GB runs $1520 in a limited early-ship program or $4.05 per GB. Intel Optane SSD 900P Slide Provided by BenchLife Based off those prices and leaks about the Intel Optane SSD 900P series we can guesstimate whatwe are looking when it comes to consumer SSD pricing with 3D XPoint technology. If we take the low cost of $2.38 per GB that the Intel Optane Memory Module and take that over to the Intel Optane SSD 900P 480GB drive you are looking at $1,142. Even if Intel was able to lower the price to $2 per GB that would put the 480GB drive at $960. That price will be very prohibitive and something that most will be unable to afford. It looks like existing NAND powered SSDs won’t be going anywhere anytime soon as Intel will need to get costs down on 3D XPoint big time for it to ever replace NAND. Let’s stop talking and get to the numbers! Questions or Comments? View this thread in our forums! Jump To: Page 1: Intel Optane Memory - More Benchmarks To Look At Page 2: The SSD Benchmark Test System Page 3: Anvil Storage Utilities Page 4: ATTO & CrystalDiskMark Page 5: CrystalDiskMark 5.2.0 x64 Page 6: AS SSD Benchmark Page 7: PCMark 8 Storage Test Page 8: Final Thoughts & Conclusions 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8  Next » Check out LegitReviews' Polls on LockerDome on LockerDome Tweets by @LegitReviews Explore Editorial Events Interviews News Forum Folding Shop Content Bluetooth Cooling Editorial Events Interviews Memory Misc Mobile Mods and Ends Motherboards News PC Cases Power Supply Press Releases Processors Reviews Storage Video Cards About Contact Us Disclaimer About Us Follow Us         Copyright © 2002-2017 LegitReviews.com - All Rights Reserved.  
SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE Join over 60,000 of your peers Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily — for free! US Edition (daily) Canada Edition (weekly) We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties. I accept the Terms and Conditions SUBSCRIBE YES! No Register Sign in A Community for Professionals in Private Capital PE HUB Network News Briefs Opinion Videos Members Emerging Managers NVCA Blog Buyouts Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room Buyouts Magazine Subscriber Tips VCJ Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room VCJ Magazine Subscriber Tips Pratt’s Online PartnerConnect Events Shop US Select Edition Canada US PE HUB Network News Briefs Opinion Videos Members Emerging Managers NVCA Blog Buyouts Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room Buyouts Magazine Subscriber Tips VCJ Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room VCJ Magazine Subscriber Tips Pratt’s Online PartnerConnect Events Shop US CANADA Log In Falcon Computing raises $8 mln May 8, 2017 By Luisa Beltran Follow @LuisaRBeltran Falcon Computing Solutions said May 8 that it raised $8 million in financing led by Intel Capital. Also participating in the round were all prior Falcon investors including Baidu Ventures and Clear Ventures, as well as SV Tech Ventures and Sierra Ventures. Falcon, of Santa Clara, California, provides acceleration technology and solutions for big-data applications. PRESS RELEASE SANTA CLARA, Calif., May 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Falcon Computing Solutions, a leader in acceleration technology and solutions for big-data applications, today announced it had closed $8M in financing led by Intel Capital. Joining Intel Capital are all previous investors including Baidu Ventures and Clear Ventures, as well as SV Tech Ventures and Sierra Ventures. Falcon will use the investment to continue building a world-class team to productize its acceleration technology and build best-in-class solutions across multiple vertical markets. In addition to its existing offices in Los Angeles and Beijing, the company also recently opened new headquarters in Santa Clara, CA as it continues to grow.  The investment brings the total raised by the company to over $10M. Falcon Computing provides solutions that look beyond parallelization to enable seamless and scalable acceleration capability. Its products include compile and runtime tools and libraries that span multiple vertical markets, enabling order of magnitude improvements in performance and power efficiency.  Falcon technology has been deployed in markets including Genomics Sequencing, Machine Learning, Autonomous Driving, and Computer and Medical Imaging, with significant acceleration achieved using existing applications. “Our outstanding group of investors and emerging product offerings are well-timed and position Falcon for growth as the leader in acceleration solutions,” noted Falcon CEO Bradley Howe. “As an increasing number of vertical applications look to leverage the capabilities of today’s data center, Falcon provides the means for those with limited experience to do so quickly and easily.” “This is an exciting time for customizable computing as Field Programmable Gate Arrays (FPGAs) are adopted in both private and public clouds, along with Intel’s steps toward an integrated CPU+FPGA solution to power next-generation servers,” said Dr. Jason Cong, company Co-Founder and Chancellor’s Professor and Director of the Center for Domain-Specific Computing at UCLA.  “Falcon has been the industry leader in providing software to enable FPGA-based acceleration in datacenters. This investment will greatly expand the product development and market adoption.” “Falcon Computing’s expertise and solutions will help unlock FPGA benefits for cloud and data center developers and users,” said Alex Grbic, vice president of product marketing at Intel Corp.’s Programmable Solutions Group. “We are excited to work with Falcon Computing and its customers.” In addition to the investment, Falcon and Intel will collaborate on new platforms and technologies that will combine Falcon’s acceleration solutions with Intel’s emerging FPGA product offerings. Falcon Computing Solutions Falcon Computing Solutions was founded in 2014 and provides seamless and scalable acceleration solutions to big-data applications.  Its products include compile and runtime tools and libraries that span multiple vertical markets, enabling order of magnitude improvements in performance and power efficiency. The company is based in Santa Clara, CA with offices in Los Angeles and Beijing with investors that include Intel Capital, Baidu Ventures, Clear Ventures, SV Tech Ventures, and Sierra Ventures.  More information can be found at www.falcon-computing.com. Intel Capital Intel Capital, Intel’s strategic investment and M&A organization, backs innovative startups targeting computing and smart devices, cloud, datacenter, security, the Internet of Things, wearable and robotic technologies and semiconductor manufacturing. Since 1991, Intel Capital has invested US$12.2 billion in 1,480 companies worldwide, and 627 portfolio companies have gone public or been acquired. Through its business development programs, Intel Capital curates thousands of introductions each year between its portfolio executives and Intel’s customers and partners in the Global 2000. For more information on what makes Intel Capital one of the world’s most powerful venture capital firms, visit www.intelcapital.com or follow @Intelcapital. Find new deal opportunities, super-charge your fundraising efforts and track top managers with VCJ. Get your FREE trial! Or subscribe now! Sign up to our Newsletter Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters: First Name: Last Name: Email Address: US Edition (daily) Canada Edition (weekly) We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties. I accept the Terms and Conditions You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER. Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected] . Top Posts Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Blackstone, Ford Foundation, Goldman Sachs are hiring by Eamon Murphy Francisco Partners buys SmartBear Software by Luisa Beltran Wells Fargo puts insurance brokerage up for sale: Bloomberg by Luisa Beltran Thoma Bravo to buy Lexmark’s enterprise software business by Iris Dorbian Super-rich private equity stars rue “lousy” reputation, say they are misunderstood: Reuters by Reuters News New Mountain nears VWR buy: WSJ by Luisa Beltran Charlesbank acquires Tecomet from Genstar by Iris Dorbian Fortress Secured Lending Fund raises $590 mln by Luisa Beltran © 2006-2017 Buyouts Insider / Argosy Group LLC About Contacts FAQ Guest Column Guidelines Terms of Use Disclaimer Privacy Policy Copyright (c) Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC. Reproduction in any form is prohibited without written consent by Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC.
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: CPU Components News 8 AMD Ryzen 5 the most warmly welcomed CPUs in seven years by Mark Tyson on 9 May 2017, 15:01 Tags: AMD (NYSE:AMD) Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qadhag Add to My Vault: German language tech site 3DCenter.org periodically surveys its readership to assess their feelings about products that have recently become available in the CPU market. A staple of this activity is the first impressions data it collects. The latest survey analysis reveals that AMD has done something very right with its Ryzen 5 processor lineup, as it has scalped the best-ever first impressions score among readers. 3DCenter has been doing these surveys for the last seven years. AMD Ryzen 5 processors have received an 83.9 per cent positive rating from 3DCenter readers, with 9.4 per cent indifferent towards the launch and 6.7 per cent of respondents expressing a negative feeling towards the launch (see chart above). That's a very positive score from the survey of 1800+ respondents. Looking through the history of surveys it beats the second most warmly welcomed processor range, Intel Sandy Bridge, by a significant margin. Intel's second generation Core processors got a 75.9 per cent positive warm welcome back in January 2011. Recent history harvests some interesting scores in the survey. For example the Intel Kaby Lake desktop processor launch in January 2017 only garnered a 12 per cent positive score, with the rest of the respondents pretty evenly split between being indifferent or negative towards the new Intel product range. AMD Ryzen 7 processors have also done well this year with a 74.6 per cent positive impression from 3DCenter readers. AMD does however have the lowest rated processor in the history of these same charts. The Bulldozer launch in October 2011, during the 'Intel Sandy Bridge era', could only muster a 6.8 per cent positive impression. Does AMD Ryzen 5 really warrant the best first impression score of all processor families released in the last 7 years? In case you missed it, or have forgotten it, why not have a look back over the HEXUS review of the AMD Ryzen 5 1500X and Ryzen 5 1600X (14nm Zen) processors from last month. Related Reading 0 Qualcomm announces the Snapdragon 660 and 630 SoCs Mid-range devices should start to offer more flagship features thanks to these SoCs. 12 AMD presentation on Vega, Navi, Zen+ on 16th May, says report AMD CEO Lisa Su, and head of RTG Raja Koduri, will be among the presenters. 5 Intel patches nine-year-old enterprise CPU vulnerability Remote management vulnerability has been exploitable since the dawn of Core. AMD reports 18 per cent year-on-year revenue growth AMD and Nvidia release Prey game optimised drivers RX Vega GPU specs uncovered via AMD Linux patch HEXUS Forums :: 8 Comments Login with Forum Account User Name Password Don't have an account? Register today! Posted by Ozaron - Tue 09 May 2017 15:43 Might have pushed 85-88% if they'd just called it “Zen” with model numbers. :P Posted by scaryjim - Tue 09 May 2017 15:59 Ozaron Might have pushed 85-88% if they'd just called it “Zen” with model numbers. :P I'm not convinced - they seem to have managed to differentiate Ryzen 7 and Ryzen 5 quite nicely, with Ryzen 5 getting the main plaudits (presumably for their combination of performance and pricing). I'd say AMD's got it spot on - people love Ryzen 5, which are also their mainstream offerings (Ryzen 5 1400 is less than £160 now, and 6 core Ryzen 5 1600 is only £199 at Scan - that strikes me as phenomenal value…). Posted by Bagpuss - Tue 09 May 2017 16:23 Might have got 100% if they weren't so crap at overclocking…. Posted by kompukare - Tue 09 May 2017 17:11 Bagpuss Might have got 100% if they weren't so crap at overclocking…. A process which would overclock higher might be far less efficient at the current clock especially the stock clock of the 1700 or far more importantly the Naples server parts. Beside, the only parts which are a poor clockers (stock vs max) is really the R7-1800X and R5-1600X. The R5-1600 and R7-1700 manage a respectable +33% or so taking them from 3GHz to nearly 4GHz. That the process doesn't manage past to get past 4GHz even with crazy volts is probably why it gets very good perf/watt at 3GHz or less. The Stilt's work showed at least two critical points where perf/watt declined: Obviously if AMD were a much bigger company with far larger sales they might have access to a different process which worked well at 4.5-5.0GHz but if they have to make a choice (excellent under 3GHz performance vs being able to hit 4.5GHz+) then what they currently have is the correct choice. Posted by qasdfdsaq - Tue 09 May 2017 20:04 kompukare if they have to make a choice (excellent under 3GHz performance vs being able to hit 4.5GHz+) then what they currently have is the correct choice. I dunno. Being able to hit 4.5Ghz+ would have given them the crown of the fastest CPU bar none, whereas now they still lose to Intel for single-threaded perf. The choice you claim they made might give them more efficient high-volume mainstream parts but leaves them without a market leading halo product. SEE NEWER » MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 RX Vega GPU specs uncovered via AMD Linux patch 18 2 Intel patches nine-year-old enterprise CPU vulnerability 5 3 Details of KFA2 GeForce GT 1030 graphics card leak 12 4 MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X 6 5 G.Skill Flare X 16GB DDR4-3200 (F4-3200C14D-16GFX) 7 1 QOTW: Would you be comfortable using Windows 10 S? 46 2 Surface Laptop revealed at #MicrosoftEDU Event 20 3 RX Vega GPU specs uncovered via AMD Linux patch 18 4 EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti SC2 Gaming Hybrid iCX introduced 13 5 Asus ZenScreen MB16AC 15.6-in USB monitor launching soon 13 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 MEDION® ERAZER P6681 15.6” Entry Level Gaming Laptop range 2 ASUS Republic of Gamers Announces Strix H270I Gaming and B250I Gaming 3 ASUSTOR Launches New-Look ADM 3.0 Beta Featuring Intuitive Enhancements 4 Cooler Master Introduces the MasterBox Lite 5 5 The New Video Pro X Is Out – with Deep Color Grading and New Video Effects for Pro Filmmakers! 6 Music fans call for the full release of the Cambridge Audio SE1 headphones INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 411,649 Forum posts: 2,576,646 Forum threads: 248,103 Currently active users: 555 Copyright © 1998 - 2017, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.
Latest News Latest IT News All IT Categories All IT Topics Videos Latest IT Videos Authors Featured IT Vendors All IT Community Professionals All IT Integrators All IT Vendors Latest News Latest IT News All IT Categories All IT Topics Videos Latest IT Videos Authors Featured IT Vendors All IT Community Professionals All IT Integrators All IT Vendors Cloud Cloud Home Private Cloud Public Cloud Public Cloud Home Amazon Web Services (AWS) Microsoft Azure Hybrid Cloud Cloud Management Citrix Workspace Cloud VMTurbo Operations Manager Cloud Security All Cloud Resources Datacenter Data Center Home Backup, Recovery & DR All Backup & Recovery Resources Veeam Availability Suite All Disaster Recovery Resources Containers All Containers Resources Docker Databases Hyper-Converged Infrastructure All Hyper-Converged Infrastructure Resources Atlantis HyperScale Nutanix VMware EVO:Rail Management Management Home VMTurbo Operations Manager All Management Resources Monitoring Monitoring Home Acceleratio SysKit ControlUp eG Innovations Enterprise Goliath Performance Monitor ManageEngine Xangati All Monitoring Resources Networking Networking Home Citrix NetScaler Goliath for NetScaler All Networking Resources Open Source Security Server Virtualization All Server Virtualization Resources Citrix XenServer Microsoft Hyper-V VMware vSphere Storage Storage Home DataCore SoftNAS All Storage All Data Center Resources Desktop Desktop Home Applications All Applications Resources Citrix XenApp Microsoft App-V Microsoft RemoteApp VMware App Volumes VMware ThinApp Collaboration Consumerization of IT Desktop Virtualization (VDI) All VDI Resources Citrix XenDesktop Dell Wyse vWorkspace Microsoft Remote Desktop Services VMware Workspace ONE VMware Horizon View Development News User Management User Management Home Liquidware Labs ProfileUnity AppSense DesktopNow All User Management Resources 3D Graphics Printing Citrix Related Virtual Desktops IGEL Technology VMware Virtual Desktops Microsoft Virtual Desktops All Desktop Resources IoT Mobility Mobile Home Enterprise Mobility Management All EMM Resources VMware AirWatch Citrix XenMobile Mobile Productivity Mobile Security Smartphones Smartwatches Tablets All Mobile Resources Resources DABCC Radio Podcasts DABCC TV Video Podcasts Citrix Ready Podcasts w/ Doug Inside IGEL Technology Podcasts w/ Doug VMware EUC On-Demand 2016 On-Demand Webinars Case Studies Infographics Solution Briefs IT White Papers, Solution Briefs & Case Studies Software Downloads Webinars Search DABCC Verticals Healthcare IT News Mobile Apps Books LittleMsMobile.com – Mobility News Top IT Videos Home Management Intel AMT Vulnerability – Define Tomorrow Intel AMT Vulnerability – Define Tomorrow May 9, 2017 ComputerWorld Group 0 0 What is Intel AMT (Active Management Technology)? Intel Active Management Technology (AMT) is hardware and firmware technology for remote out-of-band management of personal computers, in order to monitor, maintain, update, upgrade, and repair them. How this vulnerability works? You can remotely commandeer and control computers that use vulnerable Intel chipsets by sending them empty authentication strings. The vulnerability in question allows privilege escalation on an Intel PC with the AMT functionality enabled. However, what has made it dangerous is that Intel AMT can normally (as a feature) be accessed remotely due to its “out-of-band capabilities,” when the computer is shut down but still has access to electricity. Therefore, a sophisticated attacker may be able to cause significant damage to a PC or network by exploiting those powerful capabilities. Read the entire article here, Intel AMT Vulnerability — Define Tomorrow™ via the fine folks at ComputerWorld Group Share this: Twitter LinkedIn Google Facebook Reddit Print Email Follow @DABCC Follow @douglasabrown Featured Resources: Related Articles: You May Also Like: Categories: Management Monitoring Security previous VMware Cloud Pod Architecture - what it is and how it helps next VMware protocols, Blast vs HTML access vs PCoIP, real life scenario ComputerWorld Group The ComputerWorld team are the most knowledgeable business IT experts in the business. But what's really unique about our team is the personal approach and sheer determination of every single person to make businesses better. Our passion is really listening to problems and finding that eureka moment when when a technological solution will make a significant difference to the way an organisation operates. | LATEST RESOURCES White Papers Top 7 Challenges Migrating to the Cloud White Paper Moving mission-critical workloads to the cloud delivers a range of compelling business benefits, including increased agility, pay-as-you-go cost structures, and the ability to leverage the provider’s system administration experts to keep your systems up, running, and patched. But migrating to the cloud is not without its challenges. Focus on solving these known challenges to make […] Share this: Twitter LinkedIn Google Facebook Reddit Print Email read more The Top 5 Ways to Maximize SQL Server Availability Achieving Zero Downtime for Apps in a SQL Server Environment White Paper Gartner: My “How to Hunt for Security Threats” Paper Published VMware User Environment Manager Deployment Considerations White Paper Downloads Download ScaleArc Database Performance and Load Balancing Sofware ScaleArc offer’s a free, easy, fully featured and supported 30-day trial of the ScaleArc software (formerly iDB). ScaleArc is incredibly easy to implement, with most customers able to get their first cluster up and running in less than 15 minutes from install. Available as an easy to use VM Image, an Amazon AMI, or an […] Share this: Twitter LinkedIn Google Facebook Reddit Print Email read more Base Image Script Framework (BIS-F) – Version 6.0.0 NEW TOOL! Azure Log Analytics Agent for RDS and Citrix Sites Download Windows 10 IoT Core for Raspberry Pi 2 / 3 Download Microsoft Windows 10 IoT Core On-Demand Webinars Atlantis TechJam Video: How to deliver the best virtual workspace using your existing hardware Hugo Phan and Ruben Spruijt discuss how to use software to solve the core problems faced in desktop virtualization and be able to use the hardware you already have. You can try this out for yourself today. Share this: Twitter LinkedIn Google Facebook Reddit Print Email read more Citrix Mobility Master Class Video: What’s new with Citrix XenMobile Service and Microsoft SQL Server Security Management Made Simple – On-Demand Webinar Converged Application and Infrastructure Performance Monitoring with eG Enterprise – On-Demand Webinar 6 IT help desk lessons from the casinos of Vegas – On-Demand Webinar View All White Papers >> View All Downloads >> View All On-Demand Webinars >> Latest Videos NVIDIA: HPC and Supercomputing at GTC 2017 Video The HPC and Supercomputing Track at our GPU Technology Conference will feature over 90 sessions from industry experts on topics including simulation, visualization, and deep learning. http://nvda.ws/2pwZAG7 This video is via NVIDIA. Share this: Twitter LinkedIn Google Facebook Reddit Print Email read more ScaleArc Virtual Meet Up Get Expert Advice on Black Friday Prep Apr2017 XenTegra Citrix Workspace Environment Management Webinar Veeam Community Podcast Episode 127 – VeeamON 2017! Search IT Resources Search for: Upcoming Webinars 10 May Live Webinar: Troubleshoot & Fix Common Citrix Issues 8:00am – 9:00am On this free live webinar, a Citrix Virtualization Expert show... 10 May Proactive Citrix End User Experience Management Webinar 12:30pm – 1:30pm On this use case heavy webinar you’ll see how IT... 11 May How to Improve End-User Experience When Using Office 365 - Webinar 1:00am – 2:00am Are you seeking a solution to the challenges their clients... 11 May Troubleshoot & Fix Citrix Logon Issues. Improve End User Experience Webinar 12:30pm – 1:30pm On this free live webinar, you will see how to... 16 May How to Avoid the Top 7 Mistakes Made When Managing Citrix Performance - Webinar 2:00pm – 3:00pm Join us for this webinar where we will discuss the... 17 May CUGC Webinar: Understanding, Troubleshooting and Resolving Citrix ICA/HDX Issues 1:00pm – 2:00pm What if you could know why "Citrix is slow" and... View all Upcoming Events >> Featured Resources Freedom! Deliver GPU-Accelerated DaaS Cloud Workstations From Azure May 9, 2017 ScaleArc Virtual Meet Up Get Expert Advice on Black Friday Prep Apr2017 May 9, 2017 Veeam Community Podcast Episode 127 – VeeamON 2017! May 9, 2017 Communication Improving Caregiver Retention and Patient Care May 9, 2017 Learn, connect and interact at VeeamON 2017 May 9, 2017 ScaleArc Overview: Enabling Consumer-Grade Apps May 8, 2017 A Video Demonstration of Workspot DaaS 2.0 May 8, 2017 Turbonomic Named An IDC Innovator for Multicloud Management May 8, 2017 Try Ericom AcccessNow HTML5 In Browser RDP Access - Easy to use and simple setup! IPM – IT Innovations Experts IT integration experts working with Citrix, Microsoft, VMware and EMC technologies. Visit our Sponsors! IT News on iPhone IT News on Android DABCC Radio on iTunes DABCC Radio on iPhone Copyright 1999-2017 DABCC, Inc. Mobile Apps About Contact Us Sitemap RSS Close Cloud Cloud Home Private Cloud Public Cloud Public Cloud Home Amazon Web Services (AWS) Microsoft Azure Hybrid Cloud Cloud Management Citrix Workspace Cloud VMTurbo Operations Manager Cloud Security All Cloud Resources Datacenter Data Center Home Backup, Recovery & DR All Backup & Recovery Resources Veeam Availability Suite All Disaster Recovery Resources Containers All Containers Resources Docker Databases Hyper-Converged Infrastructure All Hyper-Converged Infrastructure Resources Atlantis HyperScale Nutanix VMware EVO:Rail Management Management Home VMTurbo Operations Manager All Management Resources Monitoring Monitoring Home Acceleratio SysKit ControlUp eG Innovations Enterprise Goliath Performance Monitor ManageEngine Xangati All Monitoring Resources Networking Networking Home Citrix NetScaler Goliath for NetScaler All Networking Resources Open Source Security Server Virtualization All Server Virtualization Resources Citrix XenServer Microsoft Hyper-V VMware vSphere Storage Storage Home DataCore SoftNAS All Storage All Data Center Resources Desktop Desktop Home Applications All Applications Resources Citrix XenApp Microsoft App-V Microsoft RemoteApp VMware App Volumes VMware ThinApp Collaboration Consumerization of IT Desktop Virtualization (VDI) All VDI Resources Citrix XenDesktop Dell Wyse vWorkspace Microsoft Remote Desktop Services VMware Workspace ONE VMware Horizon View Development News User Management User Management Home Liquidware Labs ProfileUnity AppSense DesktopNow All User Management Resources 3D Graphics Printing Citrix Related Virtual Desktops IGEL Technology VMware Virtual Desktops Microsoft Virtual Desktops All Desktop Resources IoT Mobility Mobile Home Enterprise Mobility Management All EMM Resources VMware AirWatch Citrix XenMobile Mobile Productivity Mobile Security Smartphones Smartwatches Tablets All Mobile Resources Resources DABCC Radio Podcasts DABCC TV Video Podcasts Citrix Ready Podcasts w/ Doug Inside IGEL Technology Podcasts w/ Doug VMware EUC On-Demand 2016 On-Demand Webinars Case Studies Infographics Solution Briefs IT White Papers, Solution Briefs & Case Studies Software Downloads Webinars Search DABCC Verticals Healthcare IT News Mobile Apps Books LittleMsMobile.com – Mobility News Top IT Videos Share this video Never miss the news... Get IT Community Resources straight to your inbox! Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Wednesday 10 May 2017 / Tehran - 11:32 / GMT - 07:02 Old FNA Old FNA                 Advanced Search Ar  | En  | Fa  | Tr Home Politico-Defense Politics  - Foreign Policy  - Defense  - Nuclear   Economy Society & Culture Society  - Sport  - Culture  - Art  - Life Style   Sci-Tech Space  - Nano  - Medicine  - Technology  - Earth   World Interviews & Commentaries Interviews  - Commentaries   Multimedia Photo  - Video   All Stories Technology http://fna.ir/1VQC0V Tue May 09, 2017 1:40 Major Intel Security Flaw More Serious Than First Thought Tweet TEHRAN (FNA)- Intel business chipsets flaw, which doesn’t affect consumer hardware, concerned products with Intel’s Active Management Technology, Intel’s Small Business Technology, and Intel Standard Manageability. Last week, news broke of a serious security flaw in Intel business chipsets dating back seven years and its description of the flaw is as follows: "There is an escalation of privilege vulnerability in Intel® Active Management Technology (AMT), Intel® Standard Manageability (ISM), and Intel® Small Business Technology versions firmware versions 6.x, 7.x, 8.x 9.x, 10.x, 11.0, 11.5, and 11.6 that can allow an unprivileged attacker to gain control of the manageability features provided by these products. This vulnerability does not exist on Intel-based consumer PCs with consumer firmware, Intel servers utilizing Intel® Server Platform Services (Intel® SPS), or Intel® Xeon® Processor E3 and Intel® Xeon® Processor E5 workstations utilizing Intel® SPS firmware." Here’s why that’s such a problem. These services are collectively known as the Intel Management Engine and are used by IT administrators to load or configure remote systems, even if said computers don’t even have an operating system loaded. That’s part of why the vulnerability is so serious — a system that’s been compromised remotely can be accessed without the operating system ever being aware that any changes have occurred. Attackers could theoretically install new applications or change system configuration options. Neither the end-user or the IT administrator would know that any such operations had occurred. That alone made this threat a serious risk, even before additional information surfaced about how the attack is carried out. Intel notes that there are two ways this vulnerability can be triggered. The first issue does not affect Intel Small Business Technology. "An unprivileged network attacker could gain system privileges to provisioned Intel manageability SKUs: Intel® Active Management Technology (AMT) and Intel® Standard Manageability (ISM). CVSSv3 9.8 Critical /AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:H" "An unprivileged local attacker could provision manageability features gaining unprivileged network or local system privileges on Intel manageability SKUs: Intel® Active Management Technology (AMT), Intel® Standard Manageability (ISM), and Intel® Small Business Technology (SBT)." All of this was known last week, and it’s certainly bad enough. Experts have been somewhat divided over just how bad it is, but there’s no arguing that a remote attacker could use this exploit to load data directly on to systems that use these features or to copy information off such systems without anyone knowing it had happened. Here’s how it’s worse The initial problem was first discussed by Embedi, who noted its existence back on May 1 and offered a whitepaper on the topic late last week. Recent information provided by Tenable shed additional light on the problem, and how serious it actually is. It turns out that there’s a fundamental flaw in how AMT was implemented for the past seven years that allows an attacker to authenticate as an administrator without entering any password information whatsoever. The traditional browser session one is supposed to use to access AMT sends a computed MD5 hash to the remote system, which then checks that hash against the expected value. If you try testing AMT from a traditional browser window, it will appear to function normally. What the research teams discovered is that it’s possible to use a proxy or manually generated request to order the AMT to compare the first zero characters of the MD5 hash when checking it for accuracy. As you might imagine, telling as password authentication system to allow end-user access if the first zero characters of an MD5 hash are identical is equivalent to having no security system at all. Tenable also investigated this problem and found similar results. They were able to access systems with AMT enabled without providing any password whatsoever. As of this writing, at least 8,500 business systems are vulnerable to this attack, and tens of thousands more may be vulnerable but sitting on corporate networks where tools like Shodan can’t detect them. Here’s where things get really fun. While Intel is working on a patch, said to be released this week, it’s going to require a firmware update to solve the problem. Until those updates are applied, any business system with these services is vulnerable, to one degree or another, and IT administrators will have no way of determining which systems may have been accessed by black hats. Nearly a year ago, we reported on rumors that the IME could be fundamentally compromised. At the time, there was no evidence that the engine was flawed in such a fashion, which made it extremely difficult to determine whether such fears were grounded in reality. It’s now clear that they were. We still hold to what we said back in 2016 — prominent security flaws in GnuTLS, Heartbleed, Shellshock, and Stagefright are all proof that simply being open source does not magically insulate code from containing huge security vulnerabilities — but Intel clearly wasn’t auditing its own code, either. It is extremely unlikely that every system that uses the Intel Management Engine can be found and patched, which means this is one critical vulnerability that will persist for years to come.         Related News Intel Chip Vulnerability Lets Hackers Easily Hijack Fleets of PCs  LATEST STORIES (9) Syria: Drone Captures Syrian Army Strikes on Militants' Positions in Eastern Damascus Offensive to Retake Western Mosul Continues Life in US's Largest Immigration Center Iraqi Forces Recapture More Areas in Western Mosul UN Should Class US Raids and Drone Strikes as War Crimes Yemeni Forces Kill Saudi-Backed Mercenaries, Destroy Their Vehicles West of Taiz Syria: Over 1,000 Militants, Their Family Members Evacuated from Barzeh after 'De-escalation Zones' Deal UN: 435,000 People Displaced from Western Mosul since February Syrian Army in Clashes with Terrorists in Eastern Ghouta 30th Tehran Int'l Book Fair Terrorists Continue Plundering Syria's Infrastructures in Idlib Iran Men's U23 Volleyball Team Qualify for FIVB World Championship Syrian Army Retaliates Strongly against Terrorists' Violation of Ceasefire in Eastern Ghouta Fierce Clashes Erupt between Rival Terrorist Groups in Western Dara'a Senior Commander: Destruction of Terrorists' Hideouts in Pakistan Iran's Inalienable Right Syria: Drone Captures Syrian Army Strikes on Militants' Positions in Eastern Damascus TEHRAN (FNA)- Syrian Army forces scored further gains in the Eastern Damascus suburb of Qaboun, as ground troops continued targeting terrorist groups. [VIDEO] Offensive to Retake Western Mosul Continues TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi forces continued battle in Mosul's Northwestern Al-Haramat neighborhood, during the ongoing offensive to retake the Western part of the city from ISIL terrorists. [VIDEO] Life in US's Largest Immigration Center TEHRAN (FNA)- There are at least 1,800 immigrants detained at the Adelanto Detention Facility in California. In the state's largest detention center, immigrants may wait up to four years in detention only to be deported. [PHOTOS] Iraqi Forces Recapture More Areas in Western Mosul TEHRAN (FNA)- The Iraqi elite Counter-Terrorism Service troops took control of more areas in Western Mosul. [PHOTOS] UN Should Class US Raids and Drone Strikes as War Crimes TEHRAN (FNA)- It is welcome news to hear that the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) is suing the Trump administration to obtain documents about the January raid in Yemen that ended with many civilians dead. But documents are never enough. Yemeni Forces Kill Saudi-Backed Mercenaries, Destroy Their Vehicles West of Taiz TEHRAN (FNA)- Yemeni army and popular forces killed a number of Saudi-backed mercenaries and destroyed their vehicles during an offensive in Osaiferah, al-Kadaha and al-Dhabab areas in Taiz province. [VIDEO] Syria: Over 1,000 Militants, Their Family Members Evacuated from Barzeh after 'De-escalation Zones' Deal TEHRAN (FNA)- Over of 1,000 anti-government fighters and their families boarded buses in Damascus' Barzeh district bound for Idlib province in Northwestern Syria. [VIDEO] UN: 435,000 People Displaced from Western Mosul since February TEHRAN (FNA)- Almost 435,000 people have been displaced from Western Mosul of Iraq since the start of military operations on the Western neighborhoods on Feb. 19, a UN spokesperson said Monday. [PHOTOS] Syrian Army in Clashes with Terrorists in Eastern Ghouta TEHRAN (FNA)- The Syrian Army forces engaged in clashes with Al-Nusra Front (also known as Fatah al-Sham Front or the Levant Liberation Board) in al-Qaboun district of Damascus. [PHOTOS] 30th Tehran Int'l Book Fair TEHRAN (FNA)- People visit the 30th Tehran International Book Fair in Tehran, Iran that was opened on May 3 for ten days. [PHOTOS] Terrorists Continue Plundering Syria's Infrastructures in Idlib TEHRAN (FNA)- Members of Turkistani terrorist group looted the equipment in Zaizon Power Plant near al-Shaqour bridge in Western Idlib and sold them in the market. Iran Men's U23 Volleyball Team Qualify for FIVB World Championship TEHRAN (FNA)- Young Iranian volleyball players thrashed Thailand in three sets to progress to the final match in the Asian Men's U23 Volleyball Championship 2017, and qualify for the upcoming Fédération Internationale de Volleyball (FIVB) Men's U23 World Championship in Egypt. Syrian Army Retaliates Strongly against Terrorists' Violation of Ceasefire in Eastern Ghouta TEHRAN (FNA)- The Syrian Army's artillery and missile units opened heavy fire at the positions of Al-Nusra Front (also known as Fatah al-Sham Front or the Levant Liberation Board) after the latter violated the ceasefire in Eastern Ghouta. Fierce Clashes Erupt between Rival Terrorist Groups in Western Dara'a TEHRAN (FNA)- A number of militants have been killed and several more have been wounded in a fresh round of clashes between the Syrian Free Army (FSA) and ISIL terrorists in the Southern province of Dara'a, local sources said. Senior Commander: Destruction of Terrorists' Hideouts in Pakistan Iran's Inalienable Right TEHRAN (FNA)- Lieutenant Commander of the Iranian Army Brigadier General Ahmad Reza Pourdastan condemned the recent cross-border terrorist operation that killed 9 border guards, and underlined that annihilation of terrorists and their bases in Pakistan is Iran's inalienable right. ﻿ ﻿ Sections Home World Politico-Defense Interviews Economy Multimedia Society & Culture All Stories Sci-Tech About us Contact us Fars News Agency Fars News Agency. All rights reserved 2017 ©
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global 3D XPoint Technology Market Worth 5.0 Billion USD by 2022 3D XPoint Technology Market 3D XPoint Technology Market, By Storage Type (750GB, 1.5 TB), By End-User (Telecommunication, Consumer electronics, Automotive, Healthcare, Retail) – Forecast 2022 Market Highlights In this rapidly changing environment, technology needs are ever increasing. The market trend towards the higher requirement of miniaturization has driven the 3D XPoint Technology Market. The 3D XPoint Technology architecture comprises Cross Point Array Structure, Fast Switching Cell, and Selector which in result enhances the performance. The 3D Xpoint technology provides high-performance, high-endurance and high-capacity storage and memory at an affordable cost which in result are the key drivers for the 3D Xpoint technology. The fast switching material makes it faster and ceasing the use of transistor decreases the cost. The interface limitation is the major challenge faced by the 3D XPoint Technology market. In March 2017, as the news Micron and Intel have launched their products with the 3D Xpoint technology. Intel is marketing the 3D Xpoint technology in their products as Optane technology. Micron has launched its QuantX™ technology based on 3D Xpoint technology. The 3D XPoint Technology Market is growing rapidly over 13.5% of CAGR and is expected to reach at USD ~ 5.0 billion by the end of forecast period. Fast speed, high efficiency in the process and ability to provide the overall information and initiate early stage development for the products are the major driving factors of this market. Request a Sample Report @ www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2459 3D XPoint Technology Market Segmentation The 3D XPoint Technology Market has been segmented on the basis of end user and storage type. By end-user segment it’s been observed that consumer electronics industry would expect a substantial increase in 3D XPoint Technology market. The study indicates that further development and advancement of 3D XPoint Technology would show significant growth of market in other industries as automotive, healthcare and others. The prominent players in the product life cycle management market are- Intel Inc. (U.S.), Micron (U.S.) among others. Market Research Analysis: Regional analysis for 3D XPoint Technology market is studied in different geographic regions as Americas, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of world. It has been estimated that North America region would account for larger share in 3D XPoint Technology sector followed by Asia-Pacific region. Asia-Pacific countries like China, Japan and Korea have maximum number of electronic manufacturing companies which is the primary growth driver for the Asia-Pacific region. Market Research Future (MRFR)’s team Analysis By End User segment, the consumer electronics sector is the major segment in 3D XPoint Technology Market. The increasing demand of miniaturized and technologically developed products led to increase in 3D XPoint Technology market in the consumer electronics sector. By storage type it is segmented into 750GB, 1.5 TB and among others. By Region, it has been estimated that North America region would dominate the market in the start, but due to high demands from the consumer electronics sector in the Asia-Pacific region the study predicts that Asia-Pacific region especially countries like China, Japan, Korea and India would show a sudden hike in the 3D XPoint Technology market by the forecast period. Browse Report @ www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/3d-xpoint-technology… For the purpose of this study, the global 3D XPoint Technology market has been segmented on the basis of equipment and end user industries. The report on 3D XPoint Technology contains detailed analysis with market size of each segment. The study was conducted using an objective combination of primary and secondary information including inputs from key participants in the industry. The report contains a comprehensive market and vendor landscape in addition to a SWOT analysis of the key vendors. Intended Audience: • Technology investors • PC and Laptop Manufacturers • Semiconductor chip manufacturers • Semiconductor product designers and fabricators • Application providers • Business providers • Research institutes • Research/Consultancy firms • Analysts and strategic business planners Related Report The global personal service robotics market is expected to reach USD 35 billion by the end of 2022 with ~38% CAGR during forecast period 2016-2022 www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/personal-services-ro… About Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. Contact: Akash Anand, Market Research Future +1 646 845 9312 Email: akash.anand@marketresearchfuture.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsIT, New Media & Software Post navigation Previous PostPrevious UCLA psychology graduate student wins UC Grad Slam competition Next PostNext North American Gear Market Poised for Growth in 2017 Search Recent Posts Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Industrial valves Market Worldwide: Latest Industry Trends, Trades, Supply, Demand, Future prospects by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Investors' Soapbox PM Xilinx Looks Ready to Hop on Microsoft’s Cloud Penetrating Microsoft would give Xilinx the pole position at the two most dominant cloud providers. May 8, 2017 4:01 p.m. ET Pacific Crest Securities Following our recent attendance at a field-programmable gate array (FPGA) industry conference, we have increasing confidence in Xilinx’s ability to finally penetrate Microsoft’s cloud data center. There have been concerns Xilinx (ticker: XLNX) would not be able to compete with Intel (INTC)/Altera in the data center; penetrating Microsoft (MSFT) would give Xilinx the pole position at the two most... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. What a Superstar Fund Is Buying Right Now Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Will End of Subsidies ‘Kill’ Electric Vehicle Market? Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. 5 MLPs Likely to do Best When Crude Rebounds Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Kohl’s: Can Under Armour Save the Day? Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Attention Shoppers: What You Need to Know About Kate Spade 2 Bargains Off the Beaten Track 3 At Age 20, Amazon Stock Can Fly Higher Still Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Technology content trusted in North America and globally since 1999 7,501 Reviews & Articles | 55,161 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket AM4 Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU Home News Motherboards MSI teases its next-gen X299 motherboard MSI begins teasing its 'best motherboard ever' which should be based on the next-gen X299 chipset By: Anthony Garreffa | Motherboards News | Posted: 1 day, 2 hours ago Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA MSI has started teasing its next-gen motherboard based on Intel's upcoming X299 platform, and man does it look slick AF. MSI's upcoming X299 motherboard has a bunch of beautiful RGB LEDs running under the hood, with three M.2 slots on the motherboard and plenty of x16 ports for 4-way SLI/CF systems.     It will be using the upcoming LGA 2066 socket, and MSI's own Audio Boost VI technology - and MSI will reportedly be using a 6-pin PCIe power connector above the first PCIe x16 slot, something that you'll need when running multi-GPU configurations. MSI will be making this X299 board their showcase motherboard for high-end/enthusiast systems, and I can't wait to build a new PC around it. Oh yeah.   Intel will reportedly be launching 12C/24T processors based on the upcoming Kaby Lake X architecture, a knee jerk reaction to the multi-threaded war that AMD is waging with Intel and its Ryzen processors. These new high-end CPUs are being dropped two months early, with Intel seemingly scared out of their pants over Ryzen.   I touched on this in a previous article on April 19: "I think Intel is definitely acting differently since the launch of Ryzen, and that a big show at Computex 2017 next month will be an interesting time, if the once almost too confident Intel is pushed in to a corner. It'll only see them drop prices and compete in a way we have probably never seen before from the company, and now that AMD has shown us some massive IPC improvements from Ryzen, AMD are only going to fight back with 12C/24T, 16C/32T at a rumored $999, and even 32C/64T variants of its next-gen processors". NEWS SOURCES:Tweaktown.com, Tweaktown.com, Tweaktown.com, Tweaktown.com Recommended for You MSI bundles super-fast Optane M.2 with motherboards... AMD's huge update for motherboard partners coming... GIGABYTE's new Z270X-Designare looks absolutely AMAZING... First mITX motherboard for AMD Ryzen has been revealed... >> NEXT STORY: Quake Champions large scale tech test: May 12-21 << PREVIOUS STORY: AMD Ryzen 5: best CPU launch in 7 years, says new survey Related Tags MSI MSI X299 Intel Intel X299 X299 chipset AMD Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts AMD Raven Ridge APU: 4C/8T CPU with Vega NCU tech NVIDIA should show off next-gen Volta GPU off tomorrow NVIDIA boss will not have an office in their new HQ NVIDIA's new system runs 4 x HTC Vive headsets at once NVIDIA sees 48% leap in quarterly revenueView More News Posts Forum Activity Asrock fm2a88x Problem dual graphics ASRock Fatal1ty AB350 Gaming K4 Motherboard Review RIOTORO CR280 Compact Mini-ITX Chassis Review MSI X370 SLI PLUS Gaming Motherboard Review ASRock Fatal1ty X370 Pro Gaming Motherboard ReviewView More Forum Posts Press Releases Qualcomm Snapdragon 660 and 630 mobile platforms drive advanced photography, enhanced gaming, integrated connectivity and machine learning Toshiba demonstrates latest 64-layer BiCS Flash on client NVM Express M.2 SSD at Dell EMC World ASUS announces two Cerberus gaming peripherals ASUS Republic of Gamers announces Strix Magnus microphone TRENDnet launches new line of comprehensive DVR Surveillance KitsView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
View Newsmax Mobile Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Sponsor Viagra Obsolete: New Replacement Cheaper Safer Faster Home | Politics Tags: Russia | joe manchin | jim comey | fired | russia | investigation | continue Joe Manchin: Russia Probe Will Continue Despite Comey's Firing Russian President Vladimir Putin (AP Images) By Todd Beamon   |   Tuesday, 09 May 2017 06:36 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Sen. Joe Manchin said Tuesday that President Donald Trump's firing of FBI Director James Comey was "not going to impede our investigation" into Russian meddling in last year's election. "It is not going to impede our investigation in finding out where the Intel Committee basically is going to get its information," the West Virginia Democrat, a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, told Wolf Blitzer on CNN. "We still look forward to Mr. Comey coming before us the same as we do Sally Yates coming before us. "That will not change the investigation. "We will follow the intel — and the intel will take us to the facts, and that will lead us to the truth." Trump fired Comey, 56, who was nominated in 2013 to a 10-year term by President Barack Obama. Manchin said that the Russian probe will continue because "we have a professional staff that is diligently going about its business. "Our staff is basically looking at all the transcripts from the CIA to FBI to NSA and everybody else. "We are able to put this puzzle together," he said. "That's where the intel would take us." Related Stories: Lindsey Graham on Comey: 'Fresh Start' Will Better Serve FBI and US Grassley: White House Leaker Damaged National Security © 2017 Newsmax. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share Politics Sen. Joe Manchin said Tuesday that President Donald Trump's firing of FBI Director James Comey was "not going to impede our investigation" into Russian meddling in last year's election. joe manchin, jim comey, fired, russia, investigation, continue 191 Tuesday, 09 May 2017 06:36 PM 2017-36-09 Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Hot Topics Trump Administration Donald Trump ISIS/Islamic State Gun Rights Russia More Hot Topics Follow Newsmax Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow @Newsmax Add us on Google Plus Around The Web Powered by Newsmax You May Also Like Alan Dershowitz: Comey 'Lost His Credibility' Tuesday, 09 May 2017 23:09 PM FBI Director James Comey should have been fired because he "lost his credibility" not only with President Donald Trump,  . . . Trump Tweets: Schumer Previously Panned Comey Tuesday, 09 May 2017 23:03 PM President Donald Trump broke his silence late Tuesday night and addressed his firing earlier in the day of FBI Director  . . . FBI Agents in Tears Over Comey Firing Tuesday, 09 May 2017 22:47 PM FBI agents around the nation were reeling at President Donald Trump's abrupt firing of Director James Comey – with one v . . . More Most Commented Trump Fires FBI Director James Comey Tuesday, 09 May 2017 | 1011 comments All the Democrats are talking about is the Russian interference fraud, and... Europe Braces for Winner of French Elections Sunday, 07 May 2017 | 809 comments The wholesale illegal immigration/Arab/middle eastern/Muslim invasion of... House Passes Healthcare Bill in Big Victory for Trump Thursday, 04 May 2017 | 568 comments It must be good if Pelosi is against it... Trump on Twitter: 'Everybody' Has Better Healthcare Than US Friday, 05 May 2017 | 456 comments We are eventually headed for single payer national insurance with the... Trump Blames Obama for Flynn, Slams 'Fake News' for Failure to Report Monday, 08 May 2017 | 364 comments But not a word about Hillary Clinton STILL having security clearance.... Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc.   NEWSMAX.COM America's News Page ©  Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Continue to site >> Action Alerts PLUS Access AAP Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Real Money Access RM 25 Rules of Investing Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Cramer Mad Money ETFs Futures Markets Much More Banks Biotech Retail Tech Personal Finance Retirement Financial Advisor Center How to Spend Options Fixed Income Video DJIA NASDAQ S&P 500 Market Data updated Sign In Your Membership(s) Your Account Account Preferences Alerts Newsetters Subscribe Logout Subscribe Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you. Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Income Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club Compare All Amazon's New Echo Show Is Impressive, But Don't Count Google Out Yet Eric Jhonsa May 9, 2017 4:42 PM EDT If, five years from now, Amazon.com's (AMZN)  Alexa winds up being the most popular voice assistant platform or even just a strong number-two player, business schools will likely do case studies about how Jeff Bezos & Co. pulled it off. Considering how Amazon only launched its assistant in late 2014, and how -- unlike its three main rivals -- it lacks a widely-adopted computing operating system to bundle its assistant with -- it really has no business being a major player in this field. Yet thanks to Amazon's aggressiveness and pragmatism, Alexa has become a force to be reckoned with in short order. The company's Tuesday unveiling of a $230 Echo speaker with a 7-inch touchscreen is just the latest in a series of moves in which Amazon has launched something that rivals with more time and larger developer bases probably should have already had. But the battle is still far from over. Alphabet/Google (GOOGL) , in particular, could throw a wrench into Amazon's lofty Alexa ambitions, given its resources and technology strengths. That is, if Google can get its act together. In line with prior reports, the Echo Show, which doesn't ship until June 28, puts Alexa on a wall-powered device with a large speaker, a touchscreen and a camera. The screen can be used to watch videos, shop on Amazon, see lyrics to songs playing on Amazon Music or monitor home security cameras. Additional features are bound to arrive as developers begin updating their Alexa "skills" to support the touchscreen. The Show's use of a quad-core Intel (INTC) Atom x5 CPU should guarantee adequate performance -- Amazon and Intel teamed last year to create a reference platform for Alexa-powered devices -- while its eight microphones are said to let users issue voice commands even when music is playing. In some ways, the product makes good on dot-com bubble-era visions of home "Internet appliances." Better 17 years late than never. Notably, Amazon has also unveiled Alexa Calling, a service that lets users of Echo devices and the Alexa mobile app conduct free voice calls and send messages to each other. Echo Show users can also place video calls. Amazon, keen to sell consumers on this feature, is providing a $100 discount for the purchase of two Show units. But while Alexa Calling is getting a lot of attention, it feels like the kind of feature that a minority of users will love, and which everyone else will pay scant attention to. With cumulative Echo sales possibly still below 10 million -- Amazon, true to form, has never given a sales figure -- the number of contacts an Echo owner can place a call to will usually be pretty limited. And in an era when consumers have smartphones with front cameras and loud speakers in their possession at nearly all times, even many of those who could theoretically place Echo calls might not be that keen to do so. Regardless, the Show looks like a high-quality flagship Echo device, and its screen is bound to be useful not only for video, but for many Alexa interactions that would be far more limited or complicated if done only via voice. Shopping for items sold by Amazon is one clear-cut example. Other possibilities include seeing a menu and entree photos when placing a restaurant order, seeing a radar map when asking about the weather or just getting detailed information about queried topics. Together with the $50 Echo Dot, the $130 portable Echo Tap and the original Echo -- its price was just cut by $30 to $150 -- the Show gives Amazon a solid end-to-end home speaker lineup, and that's before considering third-party Alexa speakers such as Lenovo's $130 Smart Assistant. There's also Amazon's recently-unveiled Echo Look, which features a camera and promises to give fashion tips. But with no screen and a price that's just $30 below the Show's, chances are that its market will be limited. The Show's unveiling comes just a day after Samsung's newly-acquired Harman unit gave new details about the Invoke, a home speaker powered by Microsoft's (MSFT)  Cortana assistant. The device has seven microphones, supports Skype calls and ships this fall. No word on pricing yet. Apple (AAPL) , meanwhile, is rumored to be prepping a Siri-powered home speaker that could be unveiled at June's WWDC conference, and for which speaker quality will reportedly be a selling point. Remarks from marketing/App Store chief Phil Schiller criticizing the usefulness of voice-only assistants might point to the presence of a touchscreen. It's a safe bet that iPhone/iPad pairing and support for Apple's HomeKit smart home platform -- it doesn't have as large of an ecosystem as Alexa -- will also be part of the package. Jim Cramer and the AAP team hold positions in Apple and Alphabet for their Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio. Want to be alerted before Cramer buys or sells AAPL or GOOGL? Learn more now. Prev 0 of 2 Next If you liked this article you might like These Major Tech Disasters Should Make You Want to Wait to Buy the Amazon Echo Show Sometimes it's better to wait for the company to work past the glitches that almost always pop up. Lindsay Rittenhouse May 9, 2017 9:15 PM EDT Nvidia's Gaming and Server Businesses Are Still Defying Predictions of a Big Slowdown The GPU giant's earnings and guidance show that demand for its products remains brisk among high-end gaming, enterprise and cloud clients. Eric Jhonsa May 9, 2017 8:06 PM EDT Mexican Billionaire Carlos Slim Gets Richer Under Trump Donald Trump's presidency hasn't been a bad deal for Mexican business magnate Carlos Slim. Emily Stewart May 9, 2017 2:47 PM EDT Trending 11 Countries to Visit With Caution Here's the Simplest Reason Ever Why Apple Won't Spend More Than $50 Billion to Buy Tesla 5 Mind-Blowing New Disney Theme Park Attractions Coming This Summer Amazon's New Echo Show Is Impressive, But Don't Count Google Out Yet FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech ETFs Futures Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS Have feedback on the new design? Reach out to online.editors@barrons.com This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/xilinx-can-gain-on-intel-in-microsofts-azure-says-pac-crest-1494359007 Tech Trader Daily Xilinx can Gain on Intel in Microsoft’s Azure, Says Pac Crest Pacific Crest analyst John Vinh thinks chip maker Xilinx can steal away some some business from Intel at within Microsoft's Azure cloud computing operations, now that Xilinx has gotten Amazon to adopt its chips for more uses at AWS. By Tiernan Ray May 9, 2017 3:43 p.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large I failed to mention yesterday an interesting item about programmable logic vendor Xilinx (XLNX) from Pacific Crest analyst John Vinh. Vinh, who has an Overweight rating on Xilinx shares, and a $70 price target, believes that the company has a shot at getting its wares into Microsoft’s (MSFT) cloud computing operation, Azure, even though Microsoft has been a big customer for Intel (INTC), which two years ago bought Altera, the main “FPGA” competitor to Xilinx. Vinh takes as his cue having attended a talk by executives at Amazon’s (AMZN) Amazon Web Services (AWS), in which they said they are expanding use of Xilinx chips: We attended an Amazon Web Services (AWS) presentation regarding its F1 instance, which is using Xilinx FPGAs for hardware acceleration. Amazon indicated that its goal with the F1 is to allow FPGAs to be included in customer deployments as easily as any other AWS instance type or service. While the traditional approach to programming FPGAs has been difficult, as developers must program in low-level machine languages such Verilog or RTL, AWS plans to make programming the F1 instance easier by abstracting out the FPGA I/ O into “AWS FPGA Shell,” which allows faster software development as developers can focus on developing core functionality vs. programming FPGA I/O interfaces. Additionally, AWS announced OpenCL support is expected to come soon and that F1 has recently begun to preview it with customers. This move by Amazon, thinks Vinh, will push Microsoft to use Xilinx as a second source beside Intel’s Altera. It could even make Microsoft dump Altera for Xilinx, he muses: The successful roll-out of AWS’s customer-facing F1 instance and stronger-than-expected customer demand were seen as a surprise. Microsoft’s current customer-facing instances are not FPGA accelerated. As a result, we see two opportunities for Xilinx to finally penetrate Microsoft’s cloud data center. We think it is highly likely that Microsoft will respond and deploy a customer- facing accelerated instance, similar to F1.In our view, this instance would likely use Xilinx’s UltraScale+, as Microsoft has wanted to bring in Xilinx as a second source for quite some time. Having a second and separate customer facing deployment would allow Microsoft to multisource FPGA vendors and would allow for clean delineation between the two providers vs. trying to partition the use of the two providers within Azure. With average server life cycles currently at three years, we believe there is an opportunity for Microsoft to swap out Altera for Xilinx in its core Azure deployment. Previously, we noted that the challenge that Microsoft faced was that it was so deeply entrenched with Altera’s proprietary software that it was unable to bring on Xilinx as a second source. However, we learned Microsft has now abstracted out the implementation of its Altera FPGAs, which would allow Microsoft to switch over to Xilinx in its Azure instance. With the delays of Altera’s Stratix 10 (14nm) and the disappointing performance of Arria 10 (20 nm), we believe it is increasingly likely Microsoft will look to switch over to Xilinx UltraScale+. Xilinx stock is up 37 cents, or 0.6%, at $64.94. Text Size Regular Medium Large Tiernan Ray tiernan.ray@barrons.com • @barronstechblog PREVIOUS Nvidia: Is This the Quarter Gaming Falls Apart? Asks BMO NEXT Acacia Plunges 17%: Q2 View Misses by a Mile Most Popular What a Superstar Fund Is Buying Right Now Will End of Subsidies ‘Kill’ Electric Vehicle Market? 5 MLPs Likely to do Best When Crude Rebounds Kohl’s: Can Under Armour Save the Day? Latest In Techtraderdaily Blog Latest In Techtraderdaily Blog Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
Main sections Home About us Upcoming Events RSS Donate Contact us Advertise Categories Alternative Therapies Blood, Heart and Circulation Bones and Muscles Brain and Nerves Cancers Child health Cosmetic Surgery Digestive System Disorders and Conditions Drugs Approvals and Trials Ear, Nose and Throat Environmental Health Eyes and Vision Female Reproductive Genetics and Birth Defects Geriatrics and Aging Health Informatics Hematology Immune System Infections Kidneys and Urinary System Legal and Regulatory Life style and Fitness Lungs and Breathing Male Reproductive Medical Breakthroughs Medical Devices Mental Health and Behavior Metabolic Problems Nutrition Oral and Dental Health Palliative Care Pregnancy and Childbirth Public Health and Safety Sexual Health Skin, Hair and Nails Sports Medicine Substance Abuse Surgery and Rehabilitation UBM Medica Privacy Policy 05:40am Wednesday 10 May 2017 Our Newsletter Subscribe! Toggle navigation Cancers Breast Cancer Skin Cancer Prostate Cancer Lung Cancer Ovarian Cancer Leukemia Pancreatic Cancer Colorectal Cancer Cervical Cancer Home Cancers Cancer cells detected more accurately in hospital with artificial intelligenc Cancer cells detected more accurately in hospital with artificial intelligenc 6:53 May 9, 2017 Cancer cells are to be detected and classified more efficiently and accurately, using ground-breaking artificial intelligence – thanks to a new collaboration between the University of Warwick, Intel Corporation, the Alan Turing Institute and University Hospitals Coventry & Warwickshire NHS Trust (UHCW). Scientists at the University of Warwick’s Tissue Image Analytics (TIA) Laboratory – led by Professor Nasir Rajpoot from the Department of Computer Science – are creating a large, digital repository of a variety of tumour and immune cells found in thousands of human tissue samples, and are developing algorithms to recognize these cells automatically. “We are very excited about working with Intel under the auspices of the strategic relationship between Intel and the Alan Turing Institute,” said Professor Rajpoot, who is also an Honorary Scientist at University Hospitals Coventry & Warwickshire NHS Trust (UHCW). “The collaboration will enable us to benefit from world-class computer science expertise at Intel with the aim of optimising our digital pathology image analysis software pipeline and deploying some of the latest cutting-edge technologies developed in our lab for computer-assisted diagnosis and grading of cancer.” The digital pathology imaging solution aims to enable pathologists to increase their accuracy and reliability in analysing cancerous tissue specimens over what can be achieved with existing methods. “We have long known that important aspects of cellular pathology can be done faster with computers than by humans,” said Professor David Snead, clinical lead for cellular pathology and director of the UHCW Centre of Excellence. “With this collaboration, we finally see a pathway toward bringing this science into practice. The successful adoption of these tools will stimulate better organisation of services, gains in efficiency, and above all, better care for patients, especially those with cancer.” The initial work focuses on lung cancer. The University of Warwick and Intel are collaborating to improve a model for computers to recognize cellular distinctions associated with various grades and types of lung cancer by using artificial intelligence frameworks such as TensorFlow running on Intel® Xeon® processors. UHCW is annotating the digital pathology images to help inform the model. The aim is to create a model that will eventually be useful in many types of cancer – creating more objective results, lowering the risk of human errors, and aiding oncologists and patients in their selection of treatments. The TIA lab at Warwick and the Pathology Department at the UHCW have established the UHCW Centre of Excellence for Digital Pathology and begun digitising their histopathology service. This digital pathology imaging solution will be the next step in revolutionising traditional healthcare with computerised systems and could be placed in any pathology department, in any hospital. The project has been launched in collaboration with Intel and the Alan Turing Institute – the latter being the UK’s national centre for data science, founded in 2015 in a joint venture between the University of Warwick and other top UK universities. “This project is an excellent example of data science’s potential to underpin critical improvements in health and well-being, an area of great importance to the Alan Turing Institute,” said Dr. Anthony Lee, the Strategic Programme Director at the Alan Turing Institute for the collaboration between the Institute and Intel. Rick Cnossen, general manager of HIT-Imaging Analytics in Intel’s Data Center Group, commented, “This project has massive potential benefit for cellular pathology, and Intel technologies are the foundation for enabling this transformation. “We’ve seen what has happened over recent years with the digitisation of X-rays (PACS). The opportunity to transform the way pathology images are handled and analysed, building on experience with PACS and combining data with other sources, could be truly ground-breaking. “This collaboration could not only improve service efficiency, but also open up new and exciting analytical techniques for more personalised precision care.”   Image: Microscopic landscape of various types of cells – including tumour cells (in red). University Hospitals Coventry and Warwickshire NHS Trust Share on: or: Our Newsletter Subscribe! MORE FROM Cancers 05/09/2017 Cancers Cancer prognosis and the TEX19 gene 05/08/2017 Cancers Poor Environmental Quality Linked to Elevated Cancer Rates 05/08/2017 Genetics and Birth Defects Now is the time for dermatologists to learn genomics 05/05/2017 Skin Cancer Fighting Cancer: New Microscopic Technique Could Help Detect, Diagnose Metastatic Melanomas 05/05/2017 Cancers Scientists Solve Major Cancer Protein Conundrum 05/04/2017 Cancers WHO to begin pilot prequalification of biosimilars for cancer treatment 05/04/2017 Cancers Study of blood vessel growth may open new pathway to therapies 05/03/2017 Cancers A new unexpected key player in melanoma development identified 05/03/2017 Cancers Fighting Cancer with Immunotherapy: Signaling Molecule Causes Regression of Blood Vessels 05/02/2017 Cancers Stereotactic radiation highly effective for kidney cancer 05/01/2017 Cancers A Glow Stick That Detects Cancer? 05/01/2017 Colorectal Cancer New model could speed up colon cancer research 04/29/2017 Leukemia FDA approves new combination treatment for acute myeloid leukemia 04/29/2017 Brain and Nerves Immune Cells Play Crucial Role in Brain Cancer Development 04/28/2017 Cancers Cancer Drugs Fund ‘failed to deliver meaningful value to patients and society’ 04/27/2017 Cancers FDA expands approved use of Stivarga to treat liver cancer Health news Drugs Approvals and Trials 05/10/2017 Drugs Approvals and Trials New Study Looks to the Future of Drug Discovery in the Natural World 04/24/2017 Drugs Approvals and Trials Novel method to detect toxic effects of chemicals could reduce need for animal testing 04/12/2017 Brain Diseases FDA approves first drug to treat tardive dyskinesia Diabetes 05/09/2017 Diabetes Research elucidates hormone ghrelin’s role in blood glucose regulation, a finding with promising implications for diabetes treatment 05/06/2017 Diabetes New biomarkers help predict outcomes in diabetic kidney disease 05/05/2017 Diabetes Type 2 diabetes genetic mapping identifies new ‘loci’ Cancers 05/09/2017 Cancers Cancer prognosis and the TEX19 gene 05/08/2017 Cancers Poor Environmental Quality Linked to Elevated Cancer Rates 05/08/2017 Genetics and Birth Defects Now is the time for dermatologists to learn genomics HIV and AIDS 05/09/2017 HIV and AIDS New Study Reveals Mechanism by Which HIV Virus Destroys Lung Tissue 05/06/2017 HIV and AIDS Study of those who survive with HIV, without medicine, could yield medicine for those who do not 04/22/2017 HIV and AIDS Research uncovers life-saving benefits in the battle against viruses Parkinson's disease 05/09/2017 Parkinson's disease RESEARCHERS DISCOVER NEURONAL TARGETS THAT RESTORE MOVEMENT IN MODEL OF PARKINSON’S DISEASE 05/02/2017 Parkinson's disease Parkinson’s disease in a dish: UB researchers reproduce brain oscillations that characterize the disease 04/12/2017 Parkinson's disease Eye movement research could hold the key to early Parkinson’s diagnosis Legal and Regulatory 05/09/2017 Legal and Regulatory New safety concerns identified for 1 in 3 FDA-approved drugs 04/29/2017 Legal and Regulatory EMA and heads of national competent authorities discuss consequences of Brexit 04/25/2017 Cancers FDA takes action against 14 companies for selling illegal cancer treatments NEWS SECTIONS Diseases & Conditions Blood, Heart and Circulation Blood Pressure Heart disease Bones and Muscles Rheumatoid Arthritis Brain and Nerves ALS Alzheimer’s Autism Brain Diseases Dementia epilepsy Migraine Multiple Sclerosis Neurodevelopmental Disorders Parkinson's disease Schizophrenia Stroke Cancers Breast Cancer Cervical Cancer Colorectal Cancer Leukemia Lung Cancer Ovarian Cancer Pancreatic Cancer Prostate Cancer Skin Cancer Digestive System Irritable bowel syndrome Disorders and Conditions Allergy Eating Disorders Pain Sleep Genetics and Birth Defects Infections Flu Hepatitis HIV and AIDS Tropical diseases Tuberculosis Urinary tract infections Lungs and Breathing Asthma COPD Mental Health and Behavior ADHD Bipolar disorder Depression Metabolic Problems Diabetes Obesity Nutrition Medical Specialties Child health Cosmetic Surgery Ear, Nose and Throat Eyes and Vision Female Reproductive Geriatrics and Aging Hematology Immune System Vaccines & Immunizations Kidneys and Urinary System Male Reproductive Low Testosterone Oral and Dental Health Palliative Care Pregnancy and Childbirth Breast Feeding Sexual Health Skin, Hair and Nails Sports Medicine Surgery and Rehabilitation Paramedical Alternative Therapies Drugs Approvals and Trials Environmental Health Health Informatics Legal and Regulatory Life style and Fitness Medical Breakthroughs Public Health and Safety Substance Abuse Medical News HealthCanal.com is a premier online Health News write / Medical Research News write service provider with our primary focus is to cover the latest happenings from the dynamic world of Health and Medicine to help you keep. Company About us Upcoming Events Advertise RSS Donate Contact us Find Us at Social Media Subscribe to health news © 2016 HEALTHCANAL - Medical News. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Designed and developed by Ristretto Marketing and Consulting
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf Do This After Installing the Windows 10 Creators Update Windows Security Do This After Installing the Windows 10 Creators Update Dan Price 7 Cool Things You Can Do With Google Play Music Entertainment Android 7 Cool Things You Can Do With Google Play Music Dan Price Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: 10 Discounted Gadgets You Can Get On Amazon Today [US/CA] Deals 10 Discounted Gadgets You Can Get On Amazon Today [US/CA] Amazon Deals May 9, 2017 09-05-2017 2 minutes 10 Discounted Gadgets You Can Get On Amazon Today [US/CA] Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email It’s not even out yet, but Amazon already has a deal available on the Echo Show! Plus, there are deals on plenty of other goodies you won’t want to miss. US Deals Save $100 On 2 Echo Show Devices Amazon just announced the Echo Show and it’s already offering a pretty solid deal. If you buy two, you’ll save $100. Make sure to use the code SHOW2PACK to get the deal. If you want to ask Alexa to show you things (hence the name), get those preorders in now as it releases on June 28! ECOVACS DEEBOT M88 Robotic Vacuum Cleaner ($324.99, 28% Off) Do you want a robotic vacuum for a bit cheaper than a Roomba. This one normally goes for $449, but you can get it for 28% off today only! CHUWI Hi10 Pro 10.1 inch Windows 10/Android 5.1 Dual Boot 2-in-1 Tablet PC ($172.89 With Code S8B6OROU) This solid tablet runs both Windows and Android, much like the HiBox Hero Chuwi HiBox Hero Windows/Android Mini PC Review And Giveaway Chuwi HiBox Hero Windows/Android Mini PC Review And Giveaway Chuwi is throwing its name into the mini PC space with its HiBox Hero. It's quite reasonably priced, coming with a $130 price tag from GearBest. Read More that we reviewed recently. For $172.89, you can’t go wrong. CHUWI 10,050mAh Portable Charger ($16.99 With Code 4ICEUUKA) You’ll be hard-pressed to find a 10,050mAh battery backup for less than this one. Just make sure to use the code 4ICEUUKA to get it for this price. CHUWI Ublue 17W/3.4A Dual USB Car Charger ($6.99 With Code FCCNAFKJ) This might be one of the cheapest car chargers you’ll ever see, and it will juice up two devices at the same time. BESTEK 4-Outlet Power Strip ($13.91 With Code KE6L457P) Little short on outlets? Want to protect your stuff? This 4-outlet power strip is only $13.91 with the code KE6L457P. BESTEK Chroma Backlit Clicky Mechanical Keyboard ($23 With Code 6AJAIMQR) A mechanical keyboard is so satisfying. You get those nice clicky buttons, and you get better performance than a membrane-based model. This one is only $23 with the code 6AJAIMQR! Bose SoundLink Around-ear Wireless Headphones II ($229.00, 18% Off) Bose SoundLink Around-Ear Wireless Headphones II - Black Bose SoundLink Around-Ear Wireless Headphones II - Black Deep, immersive sound, improved EQ performance for wireless headphones Buy Now At Amazon £199.95 This is the lowest price ever offered on the SoundLink II headphones. Yes, they’re still expensive compared to a lot of the other options out there, but if you swear by Bose, you might as well grab them while they’re on sale! Canada Deals Kindle Paperwhite (CDN$ 119.99, 14% Off) Kindle Paperwhite E-reader, 6" High-Resolution Display (300 ppi) with Built-in Light, Wi-Fi (Black) Kindle Paperwhite E-reader, 6" High-Resolution Display (300 ppi) with Built-in Light, Wi-Fi (Black) Unsurpassed high-resolution 300 ppi display - reads like real paper Buy Now At Amazon £119.99 Amazon Canada is offering the Paperwhite for 14% off right now. If you want to get your hands on one of the best eReaders on the market, don’t miss this deal. TP-Link AC1900 High Performing Dual Band Wireless AC Gigabit Router (CDN$ 129.99, 24% Off) Ac1900 Wrls Db 11ac/n/a/b/g/a 2.4g And 5g Usb3.0/2.0 4xlan Ac1900 Wrls Db 11ac/n/a/b/g/a 2.4g And 5g Usb3.0/2.0 4xlan Buy Now At Amazon This router is incredibly fast and it comes with all the performance you’d expect. It has a 4.5-star rating, so you know it’s a great option. Previous PostTuesday Deals: Bargains on Already Affordable Tech [UK] 0 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Amazon Deals 155 articles We spend hours combing through the deals on Amazon to find the best of the best for you. We'll help you save time and money. Advertisement Latest Giveaways The Greatest Smartphone You Shouldn’t Buy: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review (and Giveaway!) The Greatest Smartphone You Shouldn’t Buy: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review (and Giveaway!) Teclast X5 Pro Review and Giveaway Teclast X5 Pro Review and Giveaway Chuwi Hi13 Tablet Review and Giveaway Chuwi Hi13 Tablet Review and Giveaway Advertisement Trending Make a Wall-Mounted Dashboard With Dashing.io and a Raspberry Pi DIY Make a Wall-Mounted Dashboard With Dashing.io and a Raspberry Pi Do This After Installing the Windows 10 Creators Update Windows Security Do This After Installing the Windows 10 Creators Update 7 Lightweight OneNote and Evernote Alternatives Productivity 7 Lightweight OneNote and Evernote Alternatives Advertisement Related Articles Need a Mother’s Day Gift? These 10 Gadgets Are Perfect Choices! Smart Home Need a Mother’s Day Gift? These 10 Gadgets Are Perfect Choices! Learn Programming With 80 eBooks, 70 Courses, and 300 Tutorials Deals Learn Programming With 80 eBooks, 70 Courses, and 300 Tutorials The Best Star Wars Deals You Can Get Today Deals The Best Star Wars Deals You Can Get Today Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Military & Defense BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 British man linked to ISIS executioner 'Jihadi John' convicted in Turkey Associated Press May 9, 2017, 1:14 PM 863 facebook linkedin twitter email print A masked, black-clad militant, who has been identified by the Washington Post newspaper as a Briton named Mohammed Emwazi, brandishes a knife in this still image from a 2014 video obtained from SITE Intel Group February 26, 2015. REUTERS/SITE Intel Group/Handout via Reuters ANKARA, Turkey (AP) — The British Embassy says a Turkish court has convicted a British man — who has been linked to the Islamic State militant known as "Jihadi John" — of terror offenses. The embassy's press office said Tuesday: "We are aware of the conviction of Aine Lesley Davis of terror offenses in Turkey." It did not elaborate. An official at the court in Silivri on the outskirts of Istanbul could not immediately confirm the conviction. Davis was arrested in a Turkish police operation at a luxury villa in Silivri in November 2015. Authorities said he was linked to Mohammed Emwazi — the masked IS militant who appeared in several videos depicting the beheadings of Western hostages. Davis is believed to have left Britain to join the Islamic State group in 2013. More from Associated Press: SEE ALSO: The Pentagon wants Trump to send thousands of more troops into Afghanistan More: Associated Press Military Islamic State facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru British man linked to ISIS executioner 'Jihadi John' convicted in Turkey British man linked to ISIS executioner 'Jihadi John' convicted in Turkey ANKARA, Turkey (AP) — The British Embassy says a Turkish court has convicted a British man — who has been linked to the Islamic State militant known as "Jihadi John" — of terror offenses. Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured WATCH! This week's episode of The Bottom Line with Henry Blodget More "The Bottom Line" » 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Military & Defense Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Wed, May 10, 2017 - Page 11　 Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp MediaTek falls from list of top chipmakers in Q1 INDUSTRY GIANTS:While Intel Corp retained the top spot in the rankings, Samsung Electronics Corp has been closing the revenue gap and could overtake it Staff writer, with CNA IC designer MediaTek Inc (聯發科) dropped out of the list of the top 10 semiconductor firms in the world in the first quarter of this year, according to market information advisory firm IC Insights. Last year, MediaTek ranked as the 10th-largest IC firm in the world with total sales of US$8.8 billion, data compiled by IC Insights showed. The data did not include pure wafer foundry operators such as Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co (台積電) and smaller rival United Microelectronics Corp (聯電), IC Insights said. While IC Insights did not release MediaTek’s sales data for the January-to-March period, the Taiwanese IC designer late last month said its revenue for the first quarter totaled NT$56.08 billion (US$1.85 billion), down 18.3 percent from the previous quarter, but up 0.3 percent from a year earlier. MediaTek’s first-quarter sales were far behind those of US-based Intel Corp, the top IC firm in the rankings, which posted US$14.2 billion in revenue, but much closer to the 10th-largest supplier, Germany-based Infineon Technologies AG, with US$1.9 billion in sales. South Korea’s Samsung Electronics Corp came in second with US$13.6 billion in sales after IC Insights excluded the firm’s pure wafer foundry operations. As Intel only has a 4 percent lead over Samsung, it is possible for the South Korean firm to overtake the US semiconductor giant to become the largest IC vendor in the world in the second quarter, IC Insights said. South Korean DRAM chipmaker SK Hynix Inc took third place in the first quarter, up from fifth last year, benefiting from tight supply in memory chips that boosted product prices. Hynix’s sales hit US$5.5 billion in the first quarter. US-based DRAM chipmaker Micron Technology Inc rose two notches from last year to fourth in the first quarter, also on the back of higher memorychip prices, with sales at US$4.9 billion, IC Insights said. US IC designers Broadcom Inc and Qualcomm Inc came in fifth and sixth, down one and three places from last year with sales of US$4.1 billion and US$3.7 billion respectively. US-based Texas Instruments Inc took seventh place with US$3.2 billion in sales, ahead of Japan’s Toshiba Corp with US$2.9 billion, Dutch-based NXP Semiconductors NV with US$2.2 billion and Infineon. The top 10 firms accounted for 56 percent of total revenue of US$99.6 billion posted by the global semiconductor sector, excluding pure wafer foundry operations, in the first quarter, IC Insights said. This story has been viewed 917 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2017-05-03 to 2017-05-10 Most read Most e-mailed 1 EVERYDAY ENGLISH 2 China’s appetite pushing fish stocks to the brink 3 EVERYDAY ENGLISH 4 EDITORIAL: Press freedom concerns exist 5 Watching the sunset on Green Island 綠島賞落日 MORE  1 Watching the sunset on Green Island 綠島賞落日 2 Feng says Taiwan committed to peace 3 China blocking WHA invite, say DPP, doctors 4 Highlight: Even the Gods are crazy 5 Goodway posts NT$17.4m Q1 loss as NT dollar surges MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In The Irish Times Wed, May 10, 2017 The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In News Science Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit All News Ireland Irish News World UK Europe US Africa Middle East Asia-Pacific Politics Oireachtas Poll Assembly Election Election 2016 Crime & Law Social Affairs Religion & Beliefs Health Education Student Hub Brexit Courts Irish Times Data Environment Science Consumer Offbeat In Depth Specials Trump presidency Terror attacks Podcasts Inside Politics World View Subscriptions ePaper Newspaper Archive By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Leaving Cert student represents Ireland at LA science competition SciFest winner Caolann Brady to present her work on asthma treatment at Intel ISEF 2017 about 15 hours ago Kevin O'Sullivan Caolann Brady of St Wolstans Community School, Celbridge, pictured at SciFest 2016, with her project Hum your Way to Better Health. She is competing at the Intel International Science and Engineering Fair (ISEF) in Los Angeles this week.         A Leaving Certificate student from Co Kildare who has won a major award for her research on asthma is to represent Ireland at an international competition in Los Angeles this week. SciFest national champion Caolann Brady, a pupil at St Wolstan’s Community School in Celbridge, is one of 1,700 students from 75 countries who will compete at Intel ISEF 2017. ISEF is the largest international pre-college science competition, and entrants will be competing for a prize fund totalling $4 million. Ms Brady secured her place when she won the top award at the SciFest 2016 national final last November. Her project focused on the natural treatment of asthma through humming and breathing techniques. UCD genetic scientist elected fellow of Royal Society Five things you need to know today New bionic hand can ‘see’ objects and pick them up She was born with asthma and has suffered many asthma attacks which were treated by nebulisers. This sparked her interest in the area and led to her award-winning project, Hum Your Way to Better Health. Research has shown that the ventilation of the paranasal sinuses (inhaling and exhaling) increases greatly when a person practises specifically defined humming techniques. Improving lung function Ms Brady set about exploring whether this was true by conducting a series of experiments with 175 participants. Her results indicated that prescribed humming technique improves lung function across a range of ages, genders and breathing capabilities by an average of 10 per cent. “I am very excited to travel to California and to present my work to some of the top STEM (science, technology, engineering and maths) professionals in the world,” she said. “I am also looking forward to meeting young people from all over the world and seeing the different projects they are working on.” Sheila Porter of SciFest said the competition was all about “encouraging a love of science, technology, engineering and maths among young people and Caolann really embodies all of this”. The SciFest programme is funded primarily by Science Foundation Ireland (SFI), Boston Scientific and Intel Ireland.       Topics: Community School Celbridge Science Foundation Ireland Boston Scientific Intel Ireland Read More Winning the battle against Anorexia How many A4 sheets of paper would cover Ireland? There’s a quick answer More from The Irish Times US 1:33 FBI director James Comey fired by Donald Trump Opinion Kathy Sheridan: Have we have reached peak political spouse? Rugby Gordon D’Arcy: There’s no steeper incline in rugby than a Lions tour Innovation Storkbox offers help for expectant mothers More in Sponsored The Story of Home: A dream of tiny houses The Story of Home: Light and shade ‘I’m still taking it 20 years on and loving it’ The Story of Home: 'People need a sense of belonging' Most Read in News 1 Ballsbridge found to have ‘astonishing’ vacancy rates 2 FBI director James Comey fired by Donald Trump 3 Analysis: Why did Donald Trump fire FBI chief James Comey? 4 ‘Worn out’ homeless family of nine sues county council 5 Senior gardaí accused of covering up Templemore irregularities Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Science Columns Winning the battle against Anorexia William Reville: Although anorexia has the highest mortality rate of any mental illness, the statistics are encouraging How many A4 sheets of paper would cover Ireland? There’s a quick answer Using basic knowledge and simple logic, we can make a good guess at the answers Public's grasp of basic scientific facts is shaky A push to dispel suspicions of things such as pesticides has had little effect Latest Ireland Senior gardaí accused of covering up Templemore irregularities 03:00 Ireland first country to restrict unhealthy food sponsorship aimed at children 03:00 Anti-obesity code to limit sale of sweets at checkouts 03:00 Ticketmaster criticises ‘media frenzy’ over ticket resales 02:00 Public sector pay talks to focus on pension levy 01:35 Features & Opinion How to tackle a virus? Learn from the arms race Research Lives: Prof Andrew Bowie, School of Biochemistry and Immunology, TCD Figuring out the challenges of being a scientist and a mum More women are needed at senior level in area of Stem to inspire next generation Rural Broadband: It’s faster to drive from Longford to Dublin than download a film there Minister promises action to bring 300,000 consumers up to speed by end of next year Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Wed 10/5/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Latest News Dow 20,976 -36.50 -0.17% Nasdaq 6,121 +17.93 +0.29% S&P 500 2,397 -2.46 -0.10% 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.1% lower at 5,394.10 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens fractionally lower at 7,340.37 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens fractionally lower at 395.70 2:56 A.M. ET Updated The New York Times will take you on a tour and teach you all about Brexit for $6,000 2:50 A.M. ET Opinion The ECB should avoid the temptation to cancel QE 2:51 A.M. ET Eni profit jumps as oil prices rebound 2:50 A.M. ET Barratt sees 2017 profit at top end of views 2:49 A.M. ET AstraZeneca asthma drug misses primary endpoint 2:28 A.M. ET ITV maintains outlook even as revenue falls 2:27 A.M. ET U.K. regulator may probe Capita-Vodafone deal 2:27 A.M. ET BAE trading in line; backs 2017 guidance 2:26 A.M. ET AXA revenue nearly flat as revenue misses views 2:25 A.M. ET French Insurer AXA plans to list shares in U.S. 2:24 A.M. ET Suez confirms outlook at revenue rises 2:24 A.M. ET ING net profit slips, but pretax profit up 39% 2:22 A.M. ET Ahold Delhaize net sales rise 65% in first quarter 2:22 A.M. ET Germany posts record current-account surplus 1:23 A.M. ET Updated Oil prices get respite from selling after encouraging signals on U.S. supply 1:16 A.M. ET China consumer inflation edged up in April 12:09 A.M. ET Updated More than 40% of Americans won’t date a person who has this one financial problem Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release BootstrapLabs Hosts Artificial Intelligence Thought Leaders at Applied AI Conference 2017 By Published: May 9, 2017 11:15 a.m. ET Share The world's thought leaders in Applied Artificial Intelligence join together for a day of discovery, inspiration, and networking on May 11th SAN FRANCISCO, May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- BootstrapLabs, a leading Venture Capital firm focused on Applied AI, announces its annual Applied Artificial Intelligence Conference on May 11th in San Francisco. The Applied AI Conference 2016 was a great success, and this year, the BootstrapLabs community will gather again for one day of discovery, exchanging ideas, and networking with over 600 AI thought leaders, corporate executives, founders and investors. "The conference is a great opportunity to learn about practical applications and the commercialization of AI technologies across industries such as Transportation & Logistics, Internet of Things (IoT), Future of Work (FoW), Financial Technologies (FinTech), CyberSecurity, and Healthcare Technologies (HealthTech)," said Benjamin Levy, Co-Founder, BootstrapLabs. The world's leading AI investors and companies will be at this year's conference, including Intel, Facebook, LinkedIn, Google, Salesforce, Cylance, Ford, Visa, GE, Brighterion, Bloomberg, Capgemini, Intuit, Unity, Open.AI, UC Berkeley, Stanford, D-Wave Systems and many others. Applied AI Conference 2017 speakers include: Amir Khosrowshahi, CTO AI Products Group, Intel Richard Socher, Chief Scientist, Salesforce Danny Lange, VP of AI and Machine Learning, Unity Technologies Marten Mickos, CEO, HackerOne Rajendra Rao, CEO, Ford Smart Mobility Michael Dahlweid, Chief Medical Officer, GE Digital Healthcare Hema Raghavan, Head of Growth Relevance, LinkedIn Paula Wilbourne, Chief Science Officer, Sibly "We are at the epicenter of a new revolution, and for BootstrapLabs, working with the incredible community of Artificial Intelligence thought leaders and experts gives our portfolio companies an unfair advantage. The Venture Capital industry is evolving, with some of the most exciting opportunities emerging in the early stages. We created a way to effectively bring the value add of larger Venture Capital funds to early stage companies," said Nicolai Wadstrom, CEO and Founder of BootstrapLabs. About Bootstrap Labs BootstrapLabs is a leading Venture Capital firm based in San Francisco and focused on Applied Artificial Intelligence. We actively invest in passionate entrepreneurs building disruptive early-stage technology startups that use AI/ML technologies to solve large, global problems in sectors such as Transportation, Logistics, Financial Services, Future of Work, Cybersecurity, and Healthcare. Select portfolio companies include AEye, Mendel Health, Qurious, Vidora, Sibly, SmartEar, Roger, Prezi, Trusted Insight, AngelList, Selfycart, and Zerply.  Learn more at www.bootstraplabs.com Contacts: Luigi Congedo, Community & Investor Relations, BootstrapLabs  Email: luigi@bootstraplabs.com Nicolai Wadstrom, CEO/Founder, BootstrapLabs, Email: nicolai@bootstraplabs.com Related Images image1.jpg image2.jpg Related Links Applied AI Conference BootstrapLabs To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/bootstraplabs-hosts-artificial-intelligence-thought-leaders-at-applied-ai-conference-2017-300454280.html SOURCE BootstrapLabs Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Yelp plummets as advertisers revolt Dying man claims he just borrowed $325K to go all-in on bitcoin amid record highs More than 40% of Americans won’t date a person who has this one financial problem Rushing to pay back a large student loan? You may want to think again Stealthy Home Security ‘Sees’ Without Cameras MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
CORRECTING and REPLACING Intel Editorial: Professional-Grade Intel Falcon 8+ System Offers Advanced Performance for Business-Critical Flights Intel Commercial Drone System Is Ramping Production for the North America Market The Intel Falcon 8+ drone is an advanced, unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) designed for professional use. It delivers the best performance and weight-to-payload ratio on the market, the highest stability in harsh conditions, and best-in-class safety. (Credit: Intel Corporation) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? The Intel Falcon 8+ drone is an advanced, unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) designed for professional use. It delivers the best performance and weight-to-payload ratio on the market, the highest stability in harsh conditions, and best-in-class safety. (Credit: Intel Corporation) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail The Intel Falcon 8+ drone is an advanced, unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) designed for professional use. It delivers the best performance and weight-to-payload ratio on the market, the highest stability in harsh conditions, and best-in-class safety. (Credit: Intel Corporation) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail The MAVinci Sirius Pro commercial drone provides high precision without manual-set control points. (Credit: Intel Corporation) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Anil Nanduri is a vice president and general manager of unmanned aviation systems in the Perceptual Computing Group at Intel Corporation. Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail CORRECTION...by Intel Corporation May 09, 2017 01:36 PM Eastern Daylight Time DALLAS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Seventh paragraph, second sentence of release should read: It is stable and rugged enough to work in high winds, is designed with resistance to magnetic field disturbances for accurate data capture, and features electronic system redundancy, including autopilot and battery redundancies. (instead of: It is stable and rugged enough to work in high winds, is able to adjust for magnetic field interference for accurate data capture, and features electronic system redundancy, including autopilot and battery redundancies.) The corrected release reads: INTEL EDITORIAL: PROFESSIONAL-GRADE INTEL FALCON 8+ SYSTEM OFFERS ADVANCED PERFORMANCE FOR BUSINESS-CRITICAL FLIGHTS Intel Commercial Drone System Is Ramping Production for the North America Market The following is an opinion editorial provided by Anil Nanduri, vice president and general manager of unmanned aviation systems in the Perceptual Computing Group at Intel Corporation: The ability to capture data with drones has inspired businesses to disrupt traditional workflows in the pursuit of improved safety, cost savings and enhanced insights. Drones are especially adept at capturing large amounts of business-critical inspection and mapping data over a short period. Incorporating drone technology as a tool to complement existing professional workflows is not only a strategic business move, but allows companies to gain a competitive edge, increase efficiency and heighten productivity. As part of Intel’s focus to pursue innovative technologies in the commercial drone space, my team and I are proud to announce the Intel© Falcon™ 8+ System is ramping production for the North America market. Press Kits: 2017 AUVSI XPONENTIAL | Drones at Intel Outfitted for industrial inspection and close mapping applications, the Intel Falcon 8+ drone is designed with safety, performance and precision in mind. By integrating advanced technologies into UAVs, like the Intel Falcon 8+ drone, they become indispensable tools, to be used in ways that will truly transform businesses and even help save lives. Conventional methods of inspecting or surveying sites typically result in hours of downtime, revenue loss, delayed work and sometimes even an increased risk of injury when inspectors or surveyors need to access unusual or hard-to-reach places, such as cell towers, bridges and wind turbines, just to name a few. Deploying a drone to capture aerial data for the same purpose is safer and more effective – allowing the job site to continue in full production – and can take as little as 15 minutes. Because of its ease of use, drone technology can deliver high ROI from the first flight. For example, oil rig inspections can be extremely dangerous, costly and time-consuming. By incorporating the Intel Falcon 8+ System into an oil rig inspection, businesses are able to transform dozens of critical tasks including aerial surveying/mapping, inspection, progress reporting, and collecting liability evidence, while increasing productivity and helping make their employees safer than before. The Intel Falcon 8+ System sets a new standard for commercial-grade drones. It is stable and rugged enough to work in high winds, is designed with resistance to magnetic field disturbances for accurate data capture, and features electronic system redundancy, including autopilot and battery redundancies. The system also provides detailed images down to millimeter resolution, providing operators with tremendous opportunities to efficiently generate valuable aerial precision data – what businesses have come to expect. Intel is working to evolve and broaden the use of drones via technology to make them smarter and more aware, to evangelize drone policy and regulation, and to demonstrate how drones can be used in productive and exciting ways – making the most amazing experiences of the future possible. For more information on the Intel Falcon 8+ System and Intel’s work in the drone industry, visit Intel’s “The Airborne Revolution” site. More on the Intel Falcon 8+ System: Falcon 8+ Fact Sheet Falcon 8+ Product Information Anil Nanduri is a vice president and general manager of unmanned aviation systems in the Perceptual Computing Group at Intel Corporation. Contacts Intel Corporation Jason Farrell, 480-554-5527 Jason.D.Farrell@intel.com Release Summary Outfitted for industrial inspection and close mapping applications, the Intel Falcon 8+ drone is designed with safety, performance and precision in mind. Intel is beginning production of the drone. Contacts Intel Corporation Jason Farrell, 480-554-5527 Jason.D.Farrell@intel.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Tim Don Debuts Recon Jet Smart Eyewear in Professional Triathlon Race Four-time world champion uses Recon Jet at Ironman 70.3 North American Pro Championships in St. George, Utah News provided by Recon Instruments 09 May, 2017, 10:15 ET Share this article ST. GEORGE, Utah, May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Recon Instruments, an Intel company, is proud to announce that their Recon Jet smart eyewear for cyclists and runners has been used in professional Ironman triathlon competition this weekend, for the first time. Four-time ITU World Champion Tim Don relied on the Jet smart eyewear to instantly deliver his performance data such as time, distance, pace, heart rate and more while competing in the Ironman 70.3 North American Pro Championships in St. George, Utah on Saturday. "Using the Recon Jet in a race setting made perfect sense, as it's been an extremely helpful tool during my training both for my cycling and running," said Don in the wake of his 4th place at Ironman 70.3 in St. George, an event he has won previously. "Being able to have access to a host of important performance metrics without the need to constantly raise your wrist or even look down allows me to maintain my form and save energy while helping make sure I'm squeezing every second I can, in this instance, out of the run leg of the race." Wearing a Recon Jet, Triathlete Tim Don becomes the first professional to use smart eyewear in an Ironman event. Recon Jet is an advanced smart eyewear solution for sports and high-intensity environments. Featuring a dual-core processor, on-board GPS, and high-contrast display, Jet connects seamlessly to leading smartphones and fitness sensors, delivering contextually relevant information just below the user's right eye. Jet's modular design features interchangeable lenses and also allows users to swap in spare batteries on the go, enabling prolonged use at any hour, in any weather. Known for his running prowess, with a 10K personal best of just 28:56, Don won his first World Championship as a junior triathlete in 1998 and is still going strong, winning Ironman 70.3 North American World Championships in 2015 as well as turning in a solid 15th place at Ironman World Championship Kona. This year, Tim's season has got off to a fantastic start with Ironman 70.3 wins in both Mexico and China. With constant access to pertinent performance metrics, Don closely monitors how his body is performing and paces himself accordingly thanks to Recon Jet. Don was able to use Jet to post an incredibly fast a run time in St George. About Recon Instruments   Recon Instruments, an Intel company, was founded in 2008 and is the world leader in smart eyewear technology for sports and high-intensity environments. Recon's award-winning technology is backed by an extensive patent portfolio and integrates high-contrast displays with state-of-the-art computing platforms and sensor suites. Recon's smart eyewear technology features an Android-based operating system with an open SDK, empowering developers to create apps for an endless variety of sports and activities. Recon continues to define the smart eyewear category and is dedicated to improving athletic performance and participation in sports.  For more information, visit www.reconinstruments.com    To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/tim-don-debuts-recon-jet-smart-eyewear-in-professional-triathlon-race-300454078.html SOURCE Recon Instruments Related Links http://www.reconinstruments.com 19 Feb, 2016, 11:11 ET Preview: Recon and APX Deliver a Complete Smart-Eyewear Solution for the Enterprise My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Tim Don Debuts Recon Jet Smart Eyewear in Professional Triathlon Race News provided by Recon Instruments 09 May, 2017, 10:15 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
FOCUS TAIWAN CNA | Español | フォーカス台湾 | Mobile | Business | Publications | Service | Photos japanese español Latest Taiwan shares close up 0.53% Man may have attempted suicide to donate organs Tsai congratulates Moon, hopes for stronger cooperation Air quality fair around Taiwan on Wednesday Fair weather to last until Friday Politics Tsai congratulates Moon, hopes for stronger cooperation Senior officer in alleged espionage once headed missile command (update) Military conducts live-fire rehearsal in Penghu Senior officer in alleged espionage once headed missile command British parliamentarian calls for Taiwan's inclusion at WHA Cross-Strait Presidential spokesman disappointed with KMT over WHA participation No 1992 consensus, no basis for Taiwan to attend WHA: China China's high-seas military training expected to expand: MND Taiwan urges China to stop its fishermen from trespassing (update) Taiwan urges China to stop its fishermen from trespassing Economics Taiwan shares close up 0.53% Taiwan shares open higher Taiwan's national per capita debt remains NT$240,000 in April U.S. dollar closes higher on Taipei forex (update) HTC reports net loss for 8th straight quarter Entertainment & Sports Top badminton stars to defend titles in Taiwan next month Young sprinters set new national records at college games Australians sweep Taipei 101 Run Up Wife of Taipei 101 Run Up record holder to take part in event Tickets for 2017 Universiade to go on sale June 13 Science & Technology Taiwan wins 74 medals at Paris invention fair Tsing Hua University's latest racing car debuts Science Ministry to set up robot production base Headphones exclusively for HTC Vive to go on sale in June Taiwan joins NASA hackathon for first time Culture Minister departs for Italy for cultural visit Taiwan to develop religious map app catering to foreign netizens Culture association will have long-lasting effect: President Tsai Taiwan's last lead-character mold maker works to preserve the past President, actress promote final episodes of 'Psychic' Society Man may have attempted suicide to donate organs Air quality fair around Taiwan on Wednesday Fair weather to last until Friday Popular cake shop accused of tampering with expiration dates Winning numbers of Tuesday's Taiwan lotteries Travel Basic Shopping Food and dining Accommodation Sightseeing MORE What the Papers Say Feature Business Services International Communities Latest Taiwan shares close up 0.53% Man may have attempted suicide to donate organs Tsai congratulates Moon, hopes for stronger cooperation Air quality fair around Taiwan on Wednesday Fair weather to last until Friday Politics Tsai congratulates Moon, hopes for stronger cooperation Senior officer in alleged espionage once headed missile command (update) Military conducts live-fire rehearsal in Penghu Senior officer in alleged espionage once headed missile command British parliamentarian calls for Taiwan's inclusion at WHA Cross-Strait Presidential spokesman disappointed with KMT over WHA participation No 1992 consensus, no basis for Taiwan to attend WHA: China China's high-seas military training expected to expand: MND Taiwan urges China to stop its fishermen from trespassing (update) Taiwan urges China to stop its fishermen from trespassing Economics Taiwan shares close up 0.53% Taiwan shares open higher Taiwan's national per capita debt remains NT$240,000 in April U.S. dollar closes higher on Taipei forex (update) HTC reports net loss for 8th straight quarter Entertainment & Sports Top badminton stars to defend titles in Taiwan next month Young sprinters set new national records at college games Australians sweep Taipei 101 Run Up Wife of Taipei 101 Run Up record holder to take part in event Tickets for 2017 Universiade to go on sale June 13 Science & Technology Taiwan wins 74 medals at Paris invention fair Tsing Hua University's latest racing car debuts Science Ministry to set up robot production base Headphones exclusively for HTC Vive to go on sale in June Taiwan joins NASA hackathon for first time Culture Minister departs for Italy for cultural visit Taiwan to develop religious map app catering to foreign netizens Culture association will have long-lasting effect: President Tsai Taiwan's last lead-character mold maker works to preserve the past President, actress promote final episodes of 'Psychic' Society Man may have attempted suicide to donate organs Air quality fair around Taiwan on Wednesday Fair weather to last until Friday Popular cake shop accused of tampering with expiration dates Winning numbers of Tuesday's Taiwan lotteries Travel Basic Shopping Food and dining Accommodation Sightseeing MORE Talk of the Day Taiwan Editorial Abstracts Feature Business Services International Communities Taiwan shares close up 0.53% Man may have attempted suicide to donate organs Tsai congratulates Moon, hopes for stronger cooper... Air quality fair around Taiwan on Wednesday Fair weather to last until Friday Tuesday's front pages Taoyuan Airport MRT Home > Economics Back to list Taiwan shares end higher; TSMC's market cap tops Intel's 2017/05/08 18:58:42 Taipei, May 8 (CNA) Shares in Taiwan closed higher Monday after centrist candidate Emmanuel Macron scored a decisive victory in France's presidential election on Sunday, putting to rest fears of a possible exit by France from the European Union, dealers said. Buying focused on large cap stocks, notably contract chip maker Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. (TSMC,台積電), which closed at a record high and saw its market capitalization rise to NT$5.25 trillion (US$174 billion) to top that of rival Intel Corp., they said. The broader market's upturn was thwarted, however, by continued technical resistance ahead of 10,000 points, and market sentiment remained cautious as investors waited for high-tech firms' earnings reports for the first quarter, fearing heavy foreign exchange losses. The weighted index on the Taiwan Stock Exchange (TWSE) ended up 37.31 points, or 0.38 percent, at 9,937.25, after moving between 9,900.07 and 9,964.86, on turnover of NT$82.79 billion. The market opened 0.35 percent higher and then rose to the day's high following Macron's victory over far-right candidate Marine Le Pen, which emboldened investors early in the trading session, dealers said. But as the weighted index moved closer to the 10,000-point mark, some investors shifted to the sell side to lock in earlier gains, pushing the index closer to the previous day's close. Sustained interest in TSMC, however, kept the market in generally positive territory to the close. "Trading in TSMC dominated the broader market today as investors were hopeful it will start production of the A11 processor and ship it to Apple Inc. in June for the next generation iPhones," Xincheng International Investment Consulting analyst Chang Chih-cheng said. "That would allow TSMC to quickly climb out of the slow season effects seen traditionally in the second quarter," Chang said. "Foreign institutional investors have been upbeat about TSMC's fundamentals and I suspect that they remained on the buy side for the stock today." TSMC, the most heavily weighted stock in the local market, gained 2.53 percent to close at the day's high of 202.50, with 36.54 million shares changing hands. Monday's gains lifted TSMC's market cap to NT$5.25 trillion, surpassing Intel's NT$5.22 trillion at the close of trading on Friday. According to the TWSE, foreign institutional investors bought a net NT$6.06 billion in shares on the Taiwan Stock Exchange on Monday. "Whether Apple's new iPhones will be a success will be crucial to Taiwan's exports. So far, there is optimism in the market, paving the path for the gains posted by many Apple concept stocks, like TSMC," Chang said. Among other suppliers to Apple, Hon Hai Precision Industry Co. (鴻海), an assembler of iPhones and iPads, rose 1.00 percent to close at NT$101.00, and metal casing supplier Catcher Technology Co. (可成) gained 3.22 percent to end at NT$321.00. Smartphone camera lens maker Largan Precision Co. (大立光) closed unchanged at NT$4,935.00. Led by large-cap stocks, the bellwether electronics sector closed up 0.84 percent, and accounted for more than 70 percent of the total turnover on the exchange. "The electronics sector absorbed most of the funds in the market today. So stocks in the non-high-tech sector were lackluster throughout the session," Chang said. In the old economy sector, Nan Ya Plastics Corp. (南亞) closed unchanged at NT$71.00, while textile firm Far Eastern New Century Corp. (遠東新) fell 1.39 percent to end at NT$24.80. "Concerns over first quarter earnings affected both the market's upswing and trading volume," Chang said. "Only when turnover expands to NT$100 billion or higher will the weighted index be able to jump over technical resistance ahead of 10,000 points." Investors are concerned that foreign exchange losses in the first quarter, when the Taiwan dollar rose about 6 percent against the greenback, could hurt tech companies' first quarter earnings. (By Jackson Chang and Frances Huang) enditem/ls Ratings： average rating 0 star(s) Focus Taiwan Fanpage Others 05/10 13:47 Taiwan shares close up 0.53% 05/10 09:07 Taiwan shares open higher 05/09 20:50 Taiwan's national per capita debt remains NT$240,000 in April 05/09 18:59 U.S. dollar closes higher on Taipei forex (update) 05/09 18:56 HTC reports net loss for 8th straight quarter Most Viewed 05/07 21:03 Visa-free for Filipinos might be postponed: official 05/08 21:51 No timetable for giving Filipinos visa-free treatment: ministry 05/07 22:17 Taiwan seizes 3 'world's most expensive' tortoises at airport 05/06 17:29 Foreign sand sculptors probed for alleged rape of Taiwanese woman 05/06 16:06 China Airlines seeking flight attendants for NT$65,000 Photos Video The challenges of undersea photography Facebook Banner The Central News Agency | About Us | Contact Us
FOCUS TAIWAN CNA | Español | フォーカス台湾 | Mobile | Business | Publications | Service | Photos japanese español Latest Taiwan shares close up 0.53% Man may have attempted suicide to donate organs Tsai congratulates Moon, hopes for stronger cooperation Air quality fair around Taiwan on Wednesday Fair weather to last until Friday Politics Tsai congratulates Moon, hopes for stronger cooperation Senior officer in alleged espionage once headed missile command (update) Military conducts live-fire rehearsal in Penghu Senior officer in alleged espionage once headed missile command British parliamentarian calls for Taiwan's inclusion at WHA Cross-Strait Presidential spokesman disappointed with KMT over WHA participation No 1992 consensus, no basis for Taiwan to attend WHA: China China's high-seas military training expected to expand: MND Taiwan urges China to stop its fishermen from trespassing (update) Taiwan urges China to stop its fishermen from trespassing Economics Taiwan shares close up 0.53% Taiwan shares open higher Taiwan's national per capita debt remains NT$240,000 in April U.S. dollar closes higher on Taipei forex (update) HTC reports net loss for 8th straight quarter Entertainment & Sports Top badminton stars to defend titles in Taiwan next month Young sprinters set new national records at college games Australians sweep Taipei 101 Run Up Wife of Taipei 101 Run Up record holder to take part in event Tickets for 2017 Universiade to go on sale June 13 Science & Technology Taiwan wins 74 medals at Paris invention fair Tsing Hua University's latest racing car debuts Science Ministry to set up robot production base Headphones exclusively for HTC Vive to go on sale in June Taiwan joins NASA hackathon for first time Culture Minister departs for Italy for cultural visit Taiwan to develop religious map app catering to foreign netizens Culture association will have long-lasting effect: President Tsai Taiwan's last lead-character mold maker works to preserve the past President, actress promote final episodes of 'Psychic' Society Man may have attempted suicide to donate organs Air quality fair around Taiwan on Wednesday Fair weather to last until Friday Popular cake shop accused of tampering with expiration dates Winning numbers of Tuesday's Taiwan lotteries Travel Basic Shopping Food and dining Accommodation Sightseeing MORE What the Papers Say Feature Business Services International Communities Latest Taiwan shares close up 0.53% Man may have attempted suicide to donate organs Tsai congratulates Moon, hopes for stronger cooperation Air quality fair around Taiwan on Wednesday Fair weather to last until Friday Politics Tsai congratulates Moon, hopes for stronger cooperation Senior officer in alleged espionage once headed missile command (update) Military conducts live-fire rehearsal in Penghu Senior officer in alleged espionage once headed missile command British parliamentarian calls for Taiwan's inclusion at WHA Cross-Strait Presidential spokesman disappointed with KMT over WHA participation No 1992 consensus, no basis for Taiwan to attend WHA: China China's high-seas military training expected to expand: MND Taiwan urges China to stop its fishermen from trespassing (update) Taiwan urges China to stop its fishermen from trespassing Economics Taiwan shares close up 0.53% Taiwan shares open higher Taiwan's national per capita debt remains NT$240,000 in April U.S. dollar closes higher on Taipei forex (update) HTC reports net loss for 8th straight quarter Entertainment & Sports Top badminton stars to defend titles in Taiwan next month Young sprinters set new national records at college games Australians sweep Taipei 101 Run Up Wife of Taipei 101 Run Up record holder to take part in event Tickets for 2017 Universiade to go on sale June 13 Science & Technology Taiwan wins 74 medals at Paris invention fair Tsing Hua University's latest racing car debuts Science Ministry to set up robot production base Headphones exclusively for HTC Vive to go on sale in June Taiwan joins NASA hackathon for first time Culture Minister departs for Italy for cultural visit Taiwan to develop religious map app catering to foreign netizens Culture association will have long-lasting effect: President Tsai Taiwan's last lead-character mold maker works to preserve the past President, actress promote final episodes of 'Psychic' Society Man may have attempted suicide to donate organs Air quality fair around Taiwan on Wednesday Fair weather to last until Friday Popular cake shop accused of tampering with expiration dates Winning numbers of Tuesday's Taiwan lotteries Travel Basic Shopping Food and dining Accommodation Sightseeing MORE Talk of the Day Taiwan Editorial Abstracts Feature Business Services International Communities Taiwan shares close up 0.53% Man may have attempted suicide to donate organs Tsai congratulates Moon, hopes for stronger cooper... Air quality fair around Taiwan on Wednesday Fair weather to last until Friday Tuesday's front pages Taoyuan Airport MRT Home > Economics Back to list MediaTek drops out of top 10 IC firms worldwide 2017/05/09 18:32:49 (CNA file photo) Taipei, May 9 (CNA) Taiwan-based integrated circuit designer MediaTek Inc. (聯發科) dropped out of the top 10 semiconductor firms in the world in the first quarter of this year, according to market information advisory firm IC Insights. In 2016, MediaTek ranked as the 10th largest IC firm in the world with a total of US$8.8 billion in sales, data compiled by IC Insights showed. The data did not included pure wafer foundry operators such as Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. (TSMC, 台積電) and its smaller rival United Microelectronics Corp. (UMC, 聯電), IC Insights said. While IC Insights did not release MediaTek's sales for the January-March period, the Taiwanese IC designer said at the end of April, its revenue for the first quarter stood at NT$56.08 billion (US$1.86 billion), down 18.3 percent from the previous quarter, but up 0.3 percent from a year earlier. MediaTek' first quarter sales were far behind U.S-based Intel Corp., the top IC firm in the IC Insight rankings, which posted US$14.2 billion in revenue, but much closer to the 10th largest supplier, Infineon Technologies AG of Germany, with US$1.9 billion in sales. Samsung Electronics Corp. of South Korea came in second with US$13.6 billion in sales after IC Insights excluded the Korean firm's pure wafer foundry operations. IC Insights said that as Intel has only a 4 percent lead over Samsung it is possible the Korean firm will overtake the U.S. semiconductor giant to become the largest IC vendor in the world in the second quarter. South Korea's dynamic random access memory (DRAM) chip maker SK Hynix Inc. took third position in the first quarter, up from fifth in 2016, with the company benefiting from tight supply in memory chips which boosted product prices. Hinix's sales hit US$5.5 billion in the first quarter. U.S-based DRAM maker Micron Technology Inc. rose two notches from 2016 to fourth in the first quarter also on the back of higher memory chip prices with sales at US$4.9 billion, IC Insights said. IC designers Broadcom Inc. and Qualcomm Inc. of the U.S. came in fifth and sixth, respectively, down one and three places from 2016 with sales at US$4.1 billion and US$3.7 billion. U.S-based Texas Instrument Inc. took the seventh position with US$3.2 billion in sales, ahead of Japan's Toshiba Corp. with US$2.9 billion in sales, Dutch-based NXP Semiconductors N.V with US$2.2 billion in sales and Infineon. IC Insights said that the top 10 firms accounted for 56 percent of total revenue worth US$99.6 billion posted by the global semiconductor sector, excluding pure wafer foundry operations, in the first quarter. (By Jackson Chang and Frances Huang) enditem/AW Ratings： average rating 0 star(s) Focus Taiwan Fanpage Others 05/10 13:47 Taiwan shares close up 0.53% 05/10 09:07 Taiwan shares open higher 05/09 20:50 Taiwan's national per capita debt remains NT$240,000 in April 05/09 18:59 U.S. dollar closes higher on Taipei forex (update) 05/09 18:56 HTC reports net loss for 8th straight quarter Most Viewed 05/07 21:03 Visa-free for Filipinos might be postponed: official 05/08 21:51 No timetable for giving Filipinos visa-free treatment: ministry 05/07 22:17 Taiwan seizes 3 'world's most expensive' tortoises at airport 05/06 17:29 Foreign sand sculptors probed for alleged rape of Taiwanese woman 05/06 16:06 China Airlines seeking flight attendants for NT$65,000 Photos Video The challenges of undersea photography Facebook Banner The Central News Agency | About Us | Contact Us
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Product Innovation and Differentiation will Enable Solid State Drive Manufacturers to Cut Through the Competition The global solid state drive (SSD) market is currently witnessing a progressive increase in competition. As per a new report by Transparency Market Research (TMR), the rivalry prevailing among key players has played a role in the creation of a consolidated vendor landscape in the SSD market. Companies such as Intel Corporation, Micron Technology, and Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd have been identified as the leading players in the market. These companies together held a share of around 51% in the global SSD market in 2014. Targeting lucrative segments, acquisitions and partnerships, and providing high-capacity solutions to clients and enterprises are among the most widely seen strategies adopted by the companies operating in the market. They are also focusing on product innovation and differentiation to strengthen both revenues and geographical reach. This will further help accelerate the demand for SSDs. Obtain Report Details @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/solid-state-drive-mark… Rising Incorporation of SSDs in Mobile Devices Emerges as Significant Market Driver “The rising use of SSDs for manufacturing the latest models in mobile devices will emerge as a crucial driver for the global solid state drive market,” said a lead TMR analyst. The mobile phone industry is incorporating SSDs to improve the performance of mobile devices and reduce the application launch time, thus boosting the speed of the devices. The intrinsic benefits of SSDs are encouraging leading players such as Apple, Inc. to incorporate SSDs in mobile devices manufactured by them. The use of SSDs as primary storage in hand-held devices such as notebooks and ultraportable computers and gadgets has therefore increased considerably. “Currently hard disk drive (HDD) manufacturers enjoy a greater share of the demand; however, performance benefits offered by SSDs will soon influence the HDD market’s trajectory,” added the TMR analyst. Unlike SSDs, which store information in a microchip, HDDs have mechanically designed moving parts that make them vulnerable to damage. Moreover, SSDs consume lesser power and provide high-performing features such as error correction, garbage correction, read-write caching, and encryption. The compact form factor has worked well for SSDs enabling them to be fitted into smaller spaces. The growing knowledge regarding benefits offered by SSDs over HDDs will thus bolster demand for the former in the forthcoming years. Besides this, TMR expects the use of SSDs to considerably increase among cloud providers aiming to scale up their operations and performance. TMR finds these factors extremely beneficial, creating positive growth opportunities for the global solid state drive market. High Price of SSDs will Negatively Impact their Demand SSDs come with a high price tag. This is a key factor threatening the market’s growth to an extent. A combination of expensive manufacturing process, costly raw materials, and relatively low market negative is impacting the demand for SSDs. However, in the long term, the adverse impact of high price of SSDs is expected to reduce as SSDs will eventually beat HDD prices. This limits the possibility of their increased adoption in the highly lucrative low-cost mobile sector, states TMR. Nevertheless, technological breakthroughs are creating novel opportunities for the sales of solid state drives. The latest technological advancements are likely to increase the capacities of SSDs well beyond what HDDs offer. This will provide SSD manufacturers with much scope for reducing the prices at which they make their products available in the market. Fill the form for an exclusive sample of this report @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Spurred by the aforementioned factors, TMR projects the global SSD market to rise at an exponential 40.7% CAGR between 2015 and 2022. The market stood at US$15.1 bn in 2014 and is expected to reach US$229.4 bn by the end of 2022. By end user, enterprise SSD is likely to exhibit the highest CAGR of 76.3% between 2015 and 2022, in terms of revenue. Currently, Asia Pacific dominates the global solid state drive market. The presence of several key manufacturers will enable the APAC market rise at a CAGR of 42.5% in terms of revenue, from 2015 to 2022. About Us : Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. TMR’s data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports. Contact Us : Transparency Market Research State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsIT, New Media & Software Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Toy Industry Veteran Joe Kling to Join Singing Machine Board of Directors Next PostNext Juniper Research: Chatbots, a Game Changer for Banking & Healthcare, Saving $8 billion Annually by 2022 Search Recent Posts Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Industrial valves Market Worldwide: Latest Industry Trends, Trades, Supply, Demand, Future prospects by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Search Silicon IP Search Verification IP Latest News Industry Articles Industry Expert Blogs Videos Slides Events ≡ Menu Design And Reuse Login | Subscribe Company | design-reuse.cn | dr-embedded.com | D&R Products | English Chinese Login | Subscribe to D&R SoC News Alert Design And Reuse Search IP Categories Silicon IP Analog & Mixed Signal Storage Controller & PHY Graphic & Peripheral Interface Controller & PHY Processors & Microcontrollers Memory & Logic Library Security Multimedia Wireline Communication Wireless Communication Silicon IP Vendors   Verification IP Search / Browse Verification IP Vendors Software IP Search / Browse Software IP Vendors     Additional Services Wanted IPs IP Analytics Featured Products Local ESD Protection Cell Reliable Smartbit™ antifuse OTP, 256b-32Kb Array NVM memory, in Std CMOS, for Configuration/Encryption/Repair/Code storage MIPI D-PHY 1.5Gbps (4-lanes TX/RX, PLL Integrated) TSMC 28HPM 90nm 2.4GHz wake up receiver News Categories IP/SoC Products Embedded Systems Foundries FPGA Fabless / IDM Deals Legal Business Financial Results People Commentary / Analysis 20 Most Popular News Latest News Sonics And Northwest Logic Partner On High Throughput Memory Subsytem Solutions Tuesday May. 09, 2017 SiFive Secures $8.5 Million Series B Funding to Advance RISC-V Based Semiconductors Monday May. 08, 2017 As Apple Jilts Imagination, MIPS Goes on Block Friday May. 05, 2017 Industry Articles Categories IP/SoC Products Embedded Systems Foundries FPGA Business 20 Most Popular Articles Featured Articles Improving Inter Integrated Circuits - From Sensor Hubs to Platform Management Solutions Monday May. 01, 2017 Allowing server-class storage in embedded applications Wednesday Apr. 19, 2017 Leveraging UVM based UFS Test Suite approach for Accelerated Functional Verification of JEDEC UFS IP Monday Apr. 17, 2017 Blogs Industry Expert Blogs FPGAs take on convolutional neural networks Rambus Blog - Why Samsung are choosing ARM for next-generation IVI systems ARM Blogs - Freddi Jeffries, ARM Vision C5 DSP for Standalone Neural Network Processing Breakfast Bytes - Paul McLellan Videos Slides Events IP-SOC Days 2017 IP-SOC 2016 Archives IP-SOC 2016 IP-SOC 2015 IP-SOC 2014 IP-SOC 2013 IP-SOC 2012 IP-SOC 2011 IP-SOC 2010 Choose a filter Full Site Search Silicon IP Verification IP Software IP News Industry Articles Infineon Rides Automotive Wave into Top-10 Semi Supplier Ranking Memory market surge propels SK Hynix and Micron up two spots in the top-10 ranking. May 09, 2017 -- IC Insights will release its May Update to the 2017 McClean Report later this month. This Update includes a discussion of the 1Q17 semiconductor industry market results, an update of the capital spending forecast by company, a review of the IC market by electronic system type, and a look at the top-25 1Q17 semiconductor suppliers (the top-10 1Q17 semiconductor suppliers are covered in this research bulletin). The top-10 worldwide semiconductor (IC and O S D—optoelectronic, sensor, and discrete) sales ranking for 1Q17 is shown in Figure 1. It includes four suppliers headquartered in the U.S., two in Europe, two in South Korea, and one each in Singapore and Japan. In total, the top-10 semiconductor suppliers represented 56% of the 1Q17 worldwide semiconductor market of $99.6 billion (2Q17 is forecast to be the first ever quarterly semiconductor market to exceed $100 billion). Figure 1 Intel held a slim 4% lead over Samsung for the number one position in 1Q17. However, as reported in an earlier IC Insights’ Research Bulletin, Samsung is on pace to displace Intel as the world’s largest semiconductor supplier in 2Q17. Memory giants SK Hynix and Micron made the biggest moves in the 1Q17 ranking as compared to the full-year 2016 ranking. Spurred by the recent surge in the DRAM and NAND flash markets, each company moved up two spots in the top-10 ranking with SK Hynix now occupying the third position and Micron moving up to fourth. There was one new entrant into the top-10 ranking in 1Q17—Germany-headquartered Infineon. The company’s 1Q17/1Q16 sales increase was 6%. Infineon replaced fabless supplier MediaTek, whose 1Q17/1Q16 sales were up by 7% to $1.8 billion but the company suffered a sequential 1Q17/4Q16 sales decline of 17%. Half of the top-10 companies had sales of at least $4.0 billion in 1Q17. As shown, it took $1.9 billion in quarterly sales just to make it into the 1Q17 top-10 semiconductor supplier list. As would be expected, given the possible acquisitions and mergers that could/will occur this year (e.g., Qualcomm/NXP), as well as any new ones that may develop, the top-10 semiconductor ranking is likely to undergo some significant changes over the next few years as the semiconductor industry continues along its path to maturity. Report Details: The 2017 McClean Report Further details and rankings of top semiconductor suppliers as well as overall market trends within the IC industry are provided in the 2017 edition of The McClean Report—A Complete Analysis and Forecast of the Integrated Circuit Industry, which is IC Insights’ flagship report covering the IC market. A subscription to The McClean Report includes free monthly updates from March through November (including a 250+ page Mid-Year Update), and free access to subscriber-only webinars throughout the year. An individual-user license to the 2017 edition of The McClean Report is priced at $4,090 and includes an Internet access password. A multi-user worldwide corporate license is available for $7,090.     Contact IC Insights, Inc. Fill out this form for contacting a IC Insights, Inc. representative. Your Name: Your E-mail address: Your Company address: Your Phone Number: Write your message:     Search Silicon IP 16,000 IP Cores from 450 Vendors   Related News IC Insights Shows Big Changes to 2013 Top 20 Semi Supplier Ranking IC Insights Expects Big Changes to 2013 Top 20 Semi Supplier Ranking Eleven Companies Move Up in 1Q13 Top 20 Semi Supplier Ranking Lone Japanese Semiconductor Supplier Ranked Among Top 10 in 1H13 IC Insights Reveals Big Changes to 1H13 Top 20 Semiconductor Supplier Ranking   See IC Insights, Inc. Latest News >> Breaking News Andes, First Mainstream CPU IP Provider to Adopt RISC-V, Expands Product Line with New 64bit Processor IP Sonics And Northwest Logic Partner On High Throughput Memory Subsytem Solutions Xilinx Spartan-7 FPGAs Now in Production Infineon Rides Automotive Wave into Top-10 Semi Supplier Ranking UMC Reports Sales for April 2017   See Latest News >> Most Popular SiFive Secures $8.5 Million Series B Funding to Advance RISC-V Based Semiconductors As Apple Jilts Imagination, MIPS Goes on Block After Moore's Law - What? Infineon Rides Automotive Wave into Top-10 Semi Supplier Ranking Credo Unveils Robust Portfolio of 56G and 112G PAM-4 PHY Connectivity Solutions   See the Top 20 >> E-mail This Article Printer-Friendly Page EETimes © 2017 Design And Reuse All Rights Reserved. No portion of this site may be copied, retransmitted, reposted, duplicated or otherwise used without the express written permission of Design And Reuse. Partner with us Visit our new Partnership Portal for more information. Partner with us List your Products Suppliers, list your IPs for free. List your Products Design-Reuse.com Contact Us About us D&R Partner Program Advertise with Us Privacy Policy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Asia Pacific Neuromorphic Chip Market – Opportunities & Forecasts through 2017 to 2021 Market Insights The Asia-Pacific neuromorphic chip market was valued at USD 0.177 billion in 2016 and is projected to reach USD 0.732 billion by 2022, at a CAGR of 26.7%, during the forecast period 2017-2022. In June 2012, Intel Corporation unveiled the design of its neuromorphic chip. In October 2013, Qualcomm Technologies Inc. introduced Qualcomm Zeroth Processor, a brain-inspired computing system. In August 2015, IBM created a neuromorphic chip which was as powerful as a rodent’s brain, and this compact system was designed to understand deep-learning algorithms and consume less electricity. The demand for neuromorphic chip increases with the mounting demand for IoT and data analytics. The motivation behind designing these chips is to build a platform for running large-scale, real-time simulations to aid neuroscience research. As a result, innovation in processor architecture is being seen with more interest by governments, research institutes, and business entities, thereby, evolving into significant developments. Request sample copy of the report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/217490 Market Dynamics The Asia-Pacific neuromorphic chip market is experiencing high growth due to increasing demand for artificial intelligence, and consumer preference towards small sized products leading to the requirement of miniaturization of ICs. With the advent of smart technologies, smart sensors are being used in many end-user industries like automotive, electronics, and medical. The growth of neuromorphic chip market is hindered due to the slow pace of development, despite heavy investments in R&D, and emerging complexities of hardware designing. Implementing neuromorphic chips across wide end-users such as medical, military and defense etc. are opportunities in this market. Market Segmentation The market is segmented by application and end-users. Image recognition application segment is expected to hold the highest share of the global neuromorphic chip market by 2016 and is expected to dominate the market throughout the forecast period, followed by signal processing and data mining. Avail more details of the report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/asia-pacific-neuromorphic-chip-market-by-application-image-recognition-signal-processing-data-processing-industry-geography-trends-forecast-2017-2022 Competitive Environment The report considers key trends that impact the industry and market landscape including key growth strategies, geographical footprint, and competition analysis of top players such as: Intel Qualcomm IBM Samsung HRL Laboratories HP Corp. General Vision Inc. Lockheed Martin Corporation Brain Corporation Vicarious FPC Inc. A detailed study of Porter’s five force analysis, where the markets have been quantified using internal key parameters governing each of them, is covered in this report. Report Offerings Market definition for neuromorphic chip along with identification of key drivers and restraints for the market. Market analysis for the Asia-Pacific neuromorphic chip market, with region specific assessments and competition analysis on a global and regional scale. Identification of factors instrumental in changing the market scenarios, rising prospective opportunities and identification of key companies which can influence the market on a global and regional scale. Extensively researched competitive landscape section with profiles of major companies along with their strategic initiatives and market shares. Identification and analysis of the macro and micro factors that affect the neuromorphic chip market on both global and regional scales. A comprehensive list of key market players along with the analysis of their current strategic interests and key financial information. Enquire more details of the report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/217490 About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019   CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsAsia Pacific Neuromorphic Chip Market, Asia Pacific Neuromorphic Chip Market Growth, Asia Pacific Neuromorphic Chip Market Report, Asia Pacific Neuromorphic Chip Market Share, Asia Pacific Neuromorphic Chip Market size, Asia Pacific Neuromorphic Chip MarketResearch, Healthcare, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Tea tree oil Market 2017 – Earthoil, Oribi Oils, Nandu Biology, G.R.DAVIS, Jenbrook Pty Ltd, LvHuan Technology Next PostNext Global Bulletproof Security Glass Market 2017 – Guardian, Saint-Gobain, KS-Security, Sisecam, O’Brien Search Recent Posts Amazon Selects Finalists to Compete at the Amazon Robotics Challenge Event in Japan This Summer Chesswood Reports First Quarter 2017 Results Grenville Strategic Royalty Announces $1,500,000 Royalty Agreement with ConnectAndSell, Inc. Peyto Announces Q1 2017 Results and Expands Brazeau Core Area Aberdeen Acquires Securities in Fura Gems Inc. RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events All events 18 May 2017. 6pm 25 May 2017. 6pm 31 May 2017. 6pm Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro NA Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro NAPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Sign up UNITED KINGDOM USA Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events 18 May 2017. 6pm 25 May 2017. 6pm 31 May 2017. 6pm × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Lithium General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CSE COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX NEX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Stephen Feldman Jon Hopkins Tip Tv Renae Dyer The Naked Fund Manager Lionel Therond Ed Stacey James Dolman James Eginton Sam Catalano Ed Birkin Andy Brown Fahad Changazi Zak Mir Riccardo Lowi Eugene Gallagher David Eaton Youssef Essaegh Nishant Varma Christian Schmidt Huub Verschueren Mark A. Smith Helaine Kang Highlights Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Mining Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Tech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Home News Newswires LON:OPTI OptiBiotix nudges higher as it inks licence agreement for cholesterol-reducing strain Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 08:28 09 May 2017 The non-exclusive agreement will see Italy-based Nutrilinea produce and commercialise products containing OptiBiotix’s LPLDL strain Opti wants LPLDL to be the ‘Intel’ of the food supplements market OptiBiotix Health plc (LON:OPTI) has taken another step in building the profile of its LPLDL cholesterol-reducing strain after it inked a non-exclusive licence agreement with Italy-based food supplements provider, Nutrilinea. The tie-up will see Nutrilinea produce, promote, market and commercialise OptiBiotix’s CholBiome and CardioBiome products – both of which contain the LPLDL strain – to its European network. The AIM-quoted life sciences group said the agreement had been granted with a view to maximising the financial return for both parties. It is the latest example of Opti’s strategy to bring together its science with an outside partner’s expertise and market reach. Agreement will help develop LPLDL into a ‘global brand’ “We believe working with Nutrilinea, and similar partners around the world, provides the best opportunity of building LPLDL into a global brand,” said chief executive Stephen O’Hara. “We see this as another step in building revenues and market presence of LPLDL as the 'Intel' inside a wide range of products, provided in different presentations and formulations, for cardiovascular health across both consumer and pharmaceutical markets around the world.” Nutrilinea provides products containing some of the world’s best-selling probiotic strains to both national and international businesses in Europe and the US, OptiBiotix said. It is “one of Europe’s fastest growing providers of food supplements” which has doubled its revenues over the past 12 months to over €30m per annum. Shares gained 1.7p, or 2.5%, in early deals on Tuesday to trade at 70.2p. --Updates for share price-- Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version Tom Howard Why Invest In OptiBiotix Health plc? Read More Here Register here to be notified of future OPTI Company articles View full OPTI profile OptiBiotix Health plc Timeline Newswire May 03 2017 OptiBiotix Health to present at prestigious probiotics and prebiotics conference in Budapest next mo Newswire April 25 2017 OptiBiotix sells batch of pre-launch LPLDL capsules to German distributor Article April 25 2017 OptiBiotix poised to make transition from technology company to revenue-generating producer Big Picture April 16 2017 Materialising value for shareholders is the mantra for the boss of life sciences firm Optibiotix Newswire April 03 2017 Optibiotix sees great opportunity in government's sugar reduction drive Article March 21 2017 OptiBiotix confirms plan to list skin care subsidiary Newswire March 15 2017 January appointments take their places on the OptiBiotix board Article March 08 2017 finnCap has a good gut feeling about OptiBiotix Article March 08 2017 OptiBiotix signs profit-sharing deal with European manufacturer Newswire March 01 2017 OptiBiotix to launch heart health products at influential trade show View All Related Articles Pressure Biosciences' technology is building momentum April 17 2017 Revenues are on the rise and the group’s efforts to bring in new business is delivering. Materialising value for shareholders is the mantra for the boss of life sciences firm Optibiotix April 16 2017 Stephen O’Hara created Opti as a company all by himself in 2012 as a business focused on the rapidly growing microbiome space, which harnesses the positive benefits of microbes that live on the human body Concepta aims to take stress out of conception February 07 2017 MyLotus has been developed for women who have been trying to conceive for six months or more. RSS Portfolio Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Help Only registered members can add into watchlist. Register or Log in OptiBiotix Health plc View full company profile Why Invest In OptiBiotix Health plc? Read More Here OptiBiotix was formed in March 2012 to develop compounds which modify the human microbiome - the collective genome of the microbes in the body - to prevent and manage human disease. The aim of OptiBiotix is to discover and develop microbial strains,... Read more OptiBiotix was formed in March 2012 to develop compounds which modify the human microbiome - the collective genome of the microbes in the body - to prevent and manage human disease. The aim of OptiBiotix is to discover and develop microbial strains, compounds and formulations which modulate the human microbiome and can be used as food ingredients, supplements or active compounds for the prevention and management of human metabolic diseases, examples of which include obesity, cholesterol and lipid distribution and diabetes. OptiBiotix has established a pipeline of microbiome modulators that can impact on lipid and cholesterol management, energy harvest and appetite suppression. The development pipeline is fuelled by its proprietary OptiScreen® and OptiBiotic® platform technologies designed to identify metabolic pathways and compounds that impact on human physiology and bring potential health benefits. These platforms are applicable across a wider range of other human diseases. OptiBiotix has developed a portfolio of intellectual property in and around this field of research, consisting of patents, trademarks and novel microbial strains. Further intellectual property is expected to be developed or acquired as opportunities arise from existing and future research and development. OptiBiotix has been working with leading international key opinion leaders and entered into a research agreement with the University of Reading on 18 September 2012 to generate novel microbiome modulating compounds using reverse enzyme synthesis. All intellectual property arising from this research is owned by OptiBiotix. Hide text Market: AIM EPIC: OPTI Market Cap: 51.05M Latest Price: 65.00p  (-5.11% ) 52-week H/L: 94.00p / 60.00p Sector: Health Care, Equipment & Services OptiBiotix Health plc 1day 1year Loading charts Loading charts Key stocktube OptiBiotix on its way to £1, says Mir February 27 2017 See more related videos OptiBiotix Health plc RNS announcements 2017-05-09 LPLDL� Non-Exclusive European License Agreement2017-05-03 Presentation of abstract at conference2017-04-25 First German sales2017-04-25 Final Results2017-04-04 Notice of Results2017-03-29 UK Investor Show attendance2017-03-24 Holding(s) in Company2017-03-21 Intention to float SkinBiotherapeutics2017-03-15 Confirmation of Director appointments to the Board2017-03-08 European agreement with Sacco Srl2017-03-01 Launch of products at Vitafoods 20172017-02-08 Exercise of Warrants and Issue of Equity2017-01-26 Result of General Meeting2017-01-24 Presentation of research data2017-01-18 Appointment of Sales and Marketing Director2017-01-17 Holding(s) in Company2017-01-13 Exercise of Option and Issue of Equity2017-01-12 Presentation of research data at ProBiota 20172017-01-11 Exercise of Warrants and Issue of Equity2017-01-05 Appointment of Commercial Director View all announcements Proactive Investors Recommended Concepta aims to take stress out of conception Shareholders in WideCells in good position to benefit from stem cell therapy advances Pressure Biosciences' technology is building momentum International: NA AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: © Proactive Investors 2017 Proactive Investor UK Limited, trading as “Proactiveinvestors United Kingdom”, is Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England with Company Registration number 05639690. Group VAT registration number 872070825 FCA Registration number 559082. You can contact us here. Market Indices, Commodities and Regulatory News Headlines copyright © Morningstar. Data delayed 15 minutes unless otherwise indicated. Terms of use
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices This start-up CEO bought shares of Berkshire 13 years ago and finally made it to see Buffett CNBC Ari Levy 1 day ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL The fastest growing city in each state The biggest bank in every state © Provided by CNBC Joshua Reeves bought a couple hundred dollars worth of Berkshire Hathaway (BRK.A) shares in 2004, with some money he made from an internship at Intel. He'd just finished (INTC) his freshman year Stanford. Quotes in the article Berkshire Hathaway Inc BRK.A ▼ 246,000.00 -1,160.00 -0.47% Intel Corp INTC ▼ 36.37 -0.17 -0.47% Facebook Inc FB ▼ 150.48 -0.58 -0.38% Alphabet Inc GOOGL ▲ 967.00 +18.50 +1.95% Thirteen years later, as CEO of a $1.1 billion software start-up called Gusto, Reeves took advantage of his Berkshire ownership and traveled to Omaha, Nebraska, for the company's annual shareholder meeting. For Reeves, who's read a number of books about Warren Buffett, the event marked the end of a two-week, 12-city road trip visiting Gusto's small business customers. Gusto's software is designed to simplify back office functions like human resources and payroll. He took the cross-country trek in an RV, before flying to Omaha from Jacksonville, Florida, on Friday. "Books are great, but nothing can replace some face-to-face interactions," Reeves said in an interview on Monday, before hopping on a flight back to San Francisco. "I sat there for seven hours writing pages and pages of notes." Reeves spent Saturday at the CenturyLink Center in Downtown Omaha, listening to the entire presentation and question-and-answer session. On Friday, he strolled through the exhibit hall for what Berkshire calls "shareholder shopping day," viewing demos from Dairy Queen and See's Candies as well as jet engine maker Precision Castparts and homebuilder Clayton Homes. Reeves said he listened intently both to Buffett's views on technology and tech companies as well as his broader advice on leadership and building businesses. Click to expand Replay Video Airline complaints are sky high, here's why Are the airlines just DMVs in the sky? Here's what's really causing turbulence for the industry. Fox Business Florida airport falls into disarray after Spirit flights canceled According to Reuters, a busy Florida airport descended into chaos after Spirit Airlines Inc canceled nearly a dozen flights due to a labor dispute with pilots. The incident stranded hundreds of passengers and lead to multiple arguments. Cellphone video footage of the scene inside the Fort Lauderdale–Hollywood International Airport late on Monday showed people falling onto the ground fighting while security officials attempted to restrain them. Wochit Business San Francisco gets some help fighting its homelessness problem A organization pledged a hefty sum to help fight the city's chronic problem. Newsy SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO ZenPayroll's plans for Gusto CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Airline complaints are sky high, here's why Fox Business0:42 Florida airport falls into disarray after Spirit flights canceled Wochit Business0:42 San Francisco gets some help fighting its homelessness problem Newsy0:56 Less than a third of Americans support the GOP's health care bill Veuer0:43 Detroit automakers target Silicon Valley tech talent Bloomberg2:14 Bitcoin prices are surging CNBC0:44 Investor visas, explained The Washington Post2:19 Turning the 'Uber for beard stroking' into a real business CNN Money2:12 People are trolling Dove for releasing soap bottles for different body types Business Insider1:36 Warren Buffett hints Berkshire Hathaway may soon pay a dividend Veuer1:00 JetBlue should thrive with legroom lead The Wall Street Journal.0:31 Amazon sweeps US market for voice-controlled speakers Reuters0:50 Winners and losers of the Republican health care bill CNN Money1:25 Banks planning to move 9,000 jobs from Britain because of Brexit Wochit Business0:33 What's next for the French economy? CNBC2:10 How much are Trump's weekend trips costing? Wochit News0:49 UP NEXT Buffett admits when he makes mistakes. He acknowledged missing out on internet companies Google (GOOGL), Facebook (FB) and Amazon (FB), because their models of capital efficiency didn't make sense in their early days. Buffett's specialty has been more in industrial and traditional retail names, where there's a clear capital structure -- a product and a cost to make that product. "These software and media companies don't need equity financing because they can self-fund indefinitely given how profitable they are," Reeves said, reading off his notes. "He was describing that as a newer trend they missed out on." The way Reeves interprets Buffett's investments in technology is that it's now a fundamental part of every industry. Software is pervasive in his jet engine, railroad and machinery investments, and even in how companies like insurer Geico run online ad campaigns. Buffett on tech "Tech is not just one category anymore," Reeves said. "It's a huge part of the economy." Reeves said he was most impressed with Buffett's humility and the importance he places on ethics. Buffett called the recent Wells Fargo (WFC) fake accounts scandal that led to the ouster of its CEO a "huge, huge, huge error," and said the employee incentive system was partly to blame. Berkshire is the bank's biggest investor. Buffett talked about the Berkshire hotline that allows anyone across his portfolio of companies to submit questions and problems. Reeves said he was encouraged enough by the idea to consider putting in a similar hotline for Gusto, especially considering the troubles now facing Bay Area companies like Uber. "We're of sufficient size now that it's important for folks to know they have an additional way to share feedback," Reeves said. Reeves said he's presenting stories from his road trip to employees on Wednesday. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC IBM's Watson 'is a joke,' says Social Capital CEO Palihapitiya CNBC Mental health leader Dr. Thomas Insel is leaving Alphabet's Verily CNBC New Amazon Echo with touchscreen and video calling said to debut on Tuesday CNBC CNBC View the full site Microsoft Store Offers - Sponsored 15.6-in Dell: 1TB HDD, DVD RW, + HD touchscreen Only $69 for this 8-inch NuVision tablet Linksys Wi-Fi Range Extender, on sale $99.99 Save $350 on this Dell with 4K HD and 1TB SSD Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
All News | Boards | Chips | Devices | Software | LinuxDevices.com Archive | About | Contact | Subscribe Follow LinuxGizmos: > get email updates < Search LinuxGizmos: Search LinuxGizmos.com + LinuxDevices Archive: LinuxGizmos Sponsor ads: (advertise here) Top 10 trending posts… Open source NAS, offered as a device or bare PCB, runs Linux on MIPS Design your own RISC-V SoC with SiFive's new "hassle-free" process Ringing in 2017 with 90 hacker-friendly single board computers Automotive Grade Linux takes center stage for open automotive standards Free Raspberry Pi voice kit taps Google Assistant SDK Rugged PC/104 SBC sandwich runs on Kaby Lake Linux-ready Mini-ITX offers Skylake and Xeon too Portwell’s four new RS4U industrial PCs use a common API stack Nvidia's new Jetson TX2 module runs Linux on Tegra Parker Private Linux cloud server costs $89, streams media too Follow LinuxGizmos or subscribe to our posts: Follow: Enter your email address to receive notifications of new posts: Email Address LinuxGizmos Sponsor ads: (advertise here) Rugged PC/104 SBC sandwich runs on Kaby Lake May 9, 2017 — by Eric Brown — 103 views VersaLogic’s Linux-ready, sandwich-style “Liger” offers 7th Gen Core CPUs, ruggedization features, and mini-PCIe, SPI/SPX, and PC/104-Plus expansion. The 108 x 96mm, PC/104 form-factor Liger features Intel 7th Gen Core “Kaby Lake” dual-core U-Series i3, i5, and i7 Core processors ranging up to a 2.8GHz/3.9GHz Core i7-7600U. The Liger is named after the hybrid Lion/Tiger mix, and shares some of the ruggedization and expansion attributes of several other VersaLogic PC/104 boards: the Kaby Lake based Lion, the “Bay Trail” Atom based Bengal, and the old Atom Z5xx based Tiger. Liger (click images to enlarge) Unlike the single-board Lion and Bengal, the sandwich-style Liger lacks PCIe/104 OneBank expansion. However, it offers PC/104-Plus (including ISA and PCI), as well as mini-PCIe and SPI/SPX expansion. Many optional expansion modules are available for each, including wireless, I/O, and video modules, among other accessories. The two-board Liger sandwich consists of a CPU board, which contains the Intel processor, memory, and nearly all of Liger’s functionality, on the top level, along with a same-sized lower board that primarily serves to generate the Liger’s PC/104-Plus expansion bus. The lower board contains an FPGA and various signal and voltage conditioning components. The Liger is well suited for compute-intensive high-end applications such as flight navigation, guidance systems, and medical scanning/imaging, says VersaLogic. Like other VersaLogic SBCs, the Liger supports an industrial -40 to 85°C temperature range, and meets MIL-STD-202G specifications to withstand high impact and vibration. Latching connectors are available, and there’s a standard 5-year guarantee as well as 10-year long life support. Typical power consumption ranges from 12 to 13.5 Watts, says the company. The Liger supports up to 16GB of DDR3L RAM clocked to 1600MHz, and includes a microSD slot. One SATA 3.0 port is standard, and you can also order a second SATA interface. mSATA is available on the single full-sized mini-PCIe slot. Liger detail view (click image to enlarge) Kaby Lake’s Intel HD Graphics 620 supports DirectX 12, OpenGL 4.4, H.264, and MPEG-2. The graphics are expressed via 2x mini-DisplayPort++ outputs with HDMI and HD audio support, and up to 4096 x 2304 @ 60Hz resolution. The Liger provides 2x GbE ports with AMT and remote network boot support, as well as 2x USB 3.0 Type-C host ports and 4x USB 2.0 host interfaces. There are also 2x RS-232/422/485, 2x RS-232, 8-bit DIO, 3x 8254 timer/counters, an I2C connection, and an SPI interface that also supports up to 2x SPX modules. The 5V Liger board ships with a standard heat plate, and offers optional heat sinks, heat pipes, fans, and other adapters. There’s also a standard TPM 2.0 security chip, an RTC with battery, and reset and hardware monitors. Linux is supported along with Windows, Windows Embedded, VxWorks, and QNX, and extensive customization services are available.   Further information The Liger (VL-EPM-43) will be available in Q3 2017 from both VersaLogic and Digi-Key. Pricing is not yet available. More information may be found at VersaLogic’s Liger product page.   Related posts: Compact, rugged, Kaby Lake SBC features robust expansion Rugged, Linux-ready sandwich style SBC packs Skylake CPUs Rugged EBX single board computer sets off on the Bay Trail Tough, expandable Bay Trail SBC measures just 95 x 55mm Rugged Bay Trail boardset offers dual GbE and dual mini-PCIe Rugged PC/104 SBC offers ISA, PCI, and PCIe expansion Rugged, expandable 3.5-inch Skylake SBC supports Linux Rugged PC/104-Plus SBC runs Linux on Vortex86DX2 SoC LG's first SoC debuts on 5.9-inch G3 Screen phone COM Express modules build on Intel's Kaby Lake (advertise here) PLEASE COMMENT BELOW Please comment here... Cancel reply (advertise here) The content on this site is copyright © 2007-2017 Rick Lehrbaum unless otherwise noted. Comments are the property of their submitters. Content originally published on LinuxDevices is Copyright © 1999-2017 QuinStreet Inc. and is reproduced here under license from its owner. LinuxGizmos is part of the DeviceGuru Blog Network. Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Contact us | Privacy policy | Terms of use | About us | RSS feed
Skip to content comics cosplay tv/film games Submit tip Contact CGC Insider Search for: Mafia III Is Coming To Mac Tomorrow, But There Are Some Serious Oversights On Those System Requirements Posted by Madeline Ricchiuto May 9, 2017 Comment 2K Games and Aspyr are bringing Mafia III to Mac tomorrow. The announcement was made over on MacGamerHQ as an exclusive reveal. Mafia III will be available on Steam and the Mac App Store for $39.99. The Mafia III Digital Deluxe will be available on Steam for $59.99 and will contain additional, post-release downloadable content, including the Season Pass at additional savings. Also, the Family Kick Back Pack and the Faster, Baby! DLCs are included with the Digital Deluxe or Season Pass. They cost $4.99 and $14.99, respectively. The Judge, Jury and Executioner Weapon Pack will be available as a free purchase. No news was given on whether the Stones Unturned DLC will be included. The minimum system requirements are the following: Operating System: macOS 10.12.4 (Sierra) Processor: Intel Core i5 (4 cores) Processor Speed: 3.2 GHz Memory: 8 GB Hard Drive Space: 50 GB Video Card (AMD): Radeon R9 M290X VRAM: 2 GB Mafia III requires an AMD video card with at least 2GB of VRAM. Intel Graphics Cards are not supported, nor are NVIDIA Graphics Cards. This an example of a supported Mac:   You can find instructions on how to locate your system profile in this video from Aspyr. Also, if you’re wondering what can be expected when trying to play Mafia 3 on an unsupported Mac, Aspyr’s advice is the following: We do not recommend that you attempt to play Mafia III on any chipset other than AMD with at least 2GB of VRAM. Without meeting these requirements, users can expect sub-par framerates or severe game instability. Theses are the ONLY qualified Mac models: AMD Radeon Pro 450, 455, or 460 (late 2016 MBP) AMD Radeon R9 M370X (mid 2015 and 2016 MBP) AMD Radeon R9 M380, M390, M395, or M395X (late 2015 iMac) AMD Radeon R9 M290X or Radeon R9 M295X (late 2014 iMac) AMD FirePro D300, dual AMD FirePro D500, or dual AMD FirePro D700 (late 2013 MacPro) Thats… a number of specifications for a Mac port. The lack of NVIDIA support is also a shocker. NVIDIA is one of the leading graphics card manufacturers. That Mafia III only supports AMD models will absolutely frustrate the hell out of a lot of prospective Mac players. But if you do have one of the AMD models specified above, well, this is fantastic news. The Mac reveal trailer is below.   About the Author Latest Posts Contact About Madeline Ricchiuto Madeline Ricchiuto is a gamer, comics enthusiast, bad horror movie connoisseur, writer and generally sarcastic human. She also really likes cats and is now Head Games Writer at Bleeding Cool. Mafia III Is Coming To Mac Tomorrow, But There Are Some Serious Oversights On Those System Requirements - May 9, 2017 Despite Promises To The Contrary, Kabam Is Still Pushing Updates To Marvel Contest Of Champions - May 9, 2017 The Pokémon Company Partners Up With Wicked Cool Toys - May 9, 2017 Endless Space 2 Wants To Psych You Up For Space Exploration With This Latest Trailer - May 9, 2017 Deadly Premonition Is Back… As A Board Game - May 9, 2017View All Posts Contact Author Name First Last Email* Your Message Author Name Author Email Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Batman 66 Gets The Action Figure Line It Should Have Decades Ago Thanks To Funko Comments Ten Thoughts About Doctor Who: Knock Knock Guardians Of The Galaxy Star Dave Bautista Trashes WWE On Talk Is Jericho Podcast A Brand New Bad Guy For The Turtles To Fight On Free Comic Book Day (SPOILERS) Skyforge’s The Risen Exiles Update Will Have Some PS4 Players Happy, But Not All Of Them Trailer For Next Week’s Doctor Who: Oxygen Blade Runner Sequel Better Than Original, Claims Guardians Of The Galaxy Star Dave Bautista Does Free Comic Book Day’s Defenders Story Reveal Spider-Man’s Mister D? (SPOILERS) On This Day In Pop Culture For May 6 Matt Hardy Broken Battle Not Done As Impact Wrestling Files Trademark Claim Secret Empire Free Comic Book Day Hammers Home The Message About Captain America (SPOILERS) comics cosplay tv/film games Forum
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman NVIDIA Announces Financial Results for First Quarter Fiscal 2018 /EINPresswire.com/ — SANTA CLARA, CA–(Marketwired – May 9, 2017) – NVIDIA (NASDAQ: NVDA) Revenue of $1.94 billion, up 48 percent from a year ago GAAP EPS of $0.79, up 126 percent from a year ago Non-GAAP EPS of $0.85, up 85 percent from a year ago Broad growth across all platforms NVIDIA (NASDAQ: NVDA) today reported revenue for the first quarter ended April 30, 2017, of $1.94 billion, up 48 percent from $1.30 billion a year earlier, and down 11 percent from $2.17 billion in the previous quarter. GAAP earnings per diluted share for the quarter were $0.79, up 126 percent from $0.35 a year ago and down 20 percent from $0.99 in the previous quarter. Non-GAAP earnings per diluted share were $0.85, up 85 percent from $0.46 a year earlier and down 25 percent from $1.13 in the previous quarter. „The AI revolution is moving fast and continuing to accelerate,” said Jensen Huang, founder and chief executive officer of NVIDIA. „NVIDIA’s GPU deep learning platform is the instrument of choice for researchers, internet giants and startups as they invent the future. „Our Datacenter GPU computing business nearly tripled from last year, as more of the world’s computer scientists engage deep learning. One industry after another is awakening to the power of GPU deep learning and AI, the most important technology force of our time,” he said. Capital Return For fiscal 2018, NVIDIA intends to return $1.25 billion to shareholders through ongoing quarterly cash dividends and share repurchases. During the first quarter of fiscal 2018, NVIDIA paid $82 million in cash dividends. NVIDIA will pay its next quarterly cash dividend of $0.14 per share on June 14, 2017, to all shareholders of record on May 23, 2017. Q1 FY2018 Summary GAAP ($ in millions except earnings per share)   Q1 FY18   Q4 FY17   Q1 FY17   Q/Q   Y/Y Revenue   $1,937   $2,173   $1,305   down 11%   up 48% Gross margin   59.4%   60.0%   57.5%   down 60 bps   up 190 bps Operating expenses   $596   $570   $506   up 5%   up 18% Operating income   $554   $733   $245   down 24%   up 126% Net income   $507   $655   $208   down 23%   up 144% Diluted earnings per share   $0.79   $0.99   $0.35   down 20%   up 126% Non-GAAP ($ in millions except earnings per share)   Q1 FY18   Q4 FY17   Q1 FY17   Q/Q   Y/Y Revenue   $1,937   $2,173   $1,305   down 11%   up 48% Gross margin   59.6%   60.2%   58.6%   down 60 bps   up 100 bps Operating expenses   $517   $498   $443   up 4%   up 17% Operating income   $637   $809   $322   down 21%   up 98% Net income   $533   $704   $263   down 24%   up 103% Diluted earnings per share   $0.85   $1.13   $0.46   down 25%   up 85%                                             NVIDIA’s outlook for the second quarter of fiscal 2018 is as follows: Revenue is expected to be $1.95 billion, plus or minus two percent. GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins are expected to be 58.4 percent and 58.6 percent, respectively, plus or minus 50 basis points. GAAP operating expenses are expected to be approximately $605 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses are expected to be approximately $530 million. GAAP other income and expense is expected to be an expense of approximately $8 million, inclusive of additional charges from early conversions of convertible notes. Non-GAAP other income and expense is expected to be an expense of approximately $3 million. GAAP and non-GAAP tax rates for the second quarter of fiscal 2018 are both expected to be 17 percent, plus or minus one percent, excluding any discrete items. Weighted average shares used in the GAAP and non-GAAP diluted EPS calculations are dependent on the weighted average stock price during the quarter. Capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $55 million to $65 million. First Quarter Fiscal 2018 Highlights During the first quarter, NVIDIA achieved broad progress. Gaming: Announced GeForce® GTX 1080 Ti, the world’s fastest gaming GPU. Announced TITAN Xp for enthusiasts and researchers requiring extreme performance. Datacenter: Announced with Microsoft that it is bringing NVIDIA® Tesla® P100 and P40 GPUs to the Azure cloud. Announced that NVIDIA Tesla accelerators designed for datacenter AI capabilities were added to Google Cloud, Tencent Cloud, IBM Cloud, and Baidu Cloud. Announced that Tokyo Institute of Technology will use NVIDIA’s accelerated computing platform to create Japan’s fastest AI supercomputer, TSUBAME3.0. Announced that Fujitsu is using 24 NVIDIA DGX-1™ AI systems to build a new AI supercomputer for RIKEN, Japan’s largest research center. Announced together with Facebook the Caffe2 deep learning framework and Big Basin servers with Tesla P100 GPUs. Announced plans to train 100,000 developers this year, a 10x increase over 2016, through the NVIDIA Deep Learning Institute. Announced NVIDIA Jetson™ TX2, a high-performance, low-power computer platform for delivering AI at the edge, with deep learning and computer vision capabilities for robots, drones and smart cameras. Automotive: Announced with Bosch, the world’s largest auto supplier, plans to create a new Bosch-branded AI self-driving car computer. Announced a collaboration with PACCAR, one of the world’s largest truck makers with brands including Peterbilt, Kenworth and DAF, to develop solutions for autonomous trucks. CFO Commentary Commentary on the quarter by Colette Kress, NVIDIA’s executive vice president and chief financial officer, is available at http://investor.nvidia.com/. Conference Call and Webcast Information NVIDIA will conduct a conference call with analysts and investors to discuss its first quarter fiscal 2018 financial results and current financial prospects today at 2 p.m. Pacific time (5 p.m. Eastern time). To listen to the conference call, dial (877) 223-3864 in the United States or (574) 990-1377 internationally, and provide the following conference ID: 4018413. A live webcast (listen-only mode) of the conference call will be accessible at NVIDIA’s investor relations website, http://investor.nvidia.com, and at www.streetevents.com. The webcast will be recorded and available for replay until the company’s conference call to discuss its financial results for its second quarter of fiscal 2018. Non-GAAP Measures To supplement NVIDIA’s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets presented in accordance with GAAP, the company uses non-GAAP measures of certain components of financial performance. These non-GAAP measures include non-GAAP gross profit, non-GAAP gross margin, non-GAAP operating expenses, non-GAAP income from operations, non-GAAP other income (expense), non-GAAP income tax expense, non-GAAP net income, non-GAAP net income, or earnings, per diluted share, non-GAAP diluted shares, revenue excluding Intel license, and free cash flow. In order for NVIDIA’s investors to be better able to compare its current results with those of previous periods, the company has shown a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures. These reconciliations adjust the related GAAP financial measures to exclude stock-based compensation expense, legal settlement costs, acquisition-related costs, contributions, restructuring and other charges, gains from non-affiliated investments, interest expense related to amortization of debt discount, loss on early debt conversions, and the associated tax impact of these items, where applicable. Weighted average shares used in the non-GAAP diluted net income per share computation includes the anti-dilution impact of the company’s Note Hedge. Free cash flow is calculated as GAAP net cash provided by operating activities less purchases of property and equipment and intangible assets. NVIDIA believes the presentation of its non-GAAP financial measures enhances the user’s overall understanding of the company’s historical financial performance. The presentation of the company’s non-GAAP financial measures is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the company’s financial results prepared in accordance with GAAP, and its non-GAAP measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies. Keep Current on NVIDIA Subscribe to the NVIDIA blog, follow us on Facebook, Google+, Twitter, LinkedIn and Instagram, and view NVIDIA videos on YouTube and images on Flickr.     NVIDIA CORPORATION   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME   (In millions, except per share data)   (Unaudited)                             Three Months Ended     April 30,     May 1,     2017     2016                   Revenue $ 1,937     $ 1,305   Cost of revenue   787       554   Gross profit   1,150       751   Operating expenses                 Research and development   411       346     Sales, general and administrative   185       159     Restructuring and other charges   –       1       Total operating expenses   596       506   Income from operations   554       245     Interest income   16       12     Interest expense   (16 )     (12 )   Other, net   (18 )     (4 )     Total other income (expense)   (18 )     (4 ) Income before income tax expense   536       241   Income tax expense   29       33   Net income $ 507     $ 208                   Net income per share:                 Basic $ 0.86     $ 0.39     Diluted $ 0.79     $ 0.35                   Weighted average shares used in per share computation:                 Basic   592       537     Diluted   641       599                                                         NVIDIA CORPORATION CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In millions) (Unaudited)                   April 30,   January 29,   2017   2017 ASSETS                       Current assets:             Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities $ 6,206   $ 6,798   Accounts receivable, net   976     826   Inventories   821     794   Prepaid expenses and other current assets   113     118     Total current assets   8,116     8,536             Property and equipment, net   539     521 Goodwill   618     618 Intangible assets, net   90     104 Other assets   47     62     Total assets $ 9,410   $ 9,841             LIABILITIES, CONVERTIBLE DEBT CONVERSION OBLIGATION AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY             Current liabilities:             Accounts payable $ 348   $ 485   Accrued and other current liabilities   420     507   Convertible short-term debt   215     796     Total current liabilities   983     1,788             Long-term debt   1,984     1,983 Other long-term liabilities   300     271 Capital lease obligations, long-term   4     6     Total liabilities   3,271     4,048             Convertible debt conversion obligation   7     31             Shareholders’ equity   6,132     5,762     Total liabilities, convertible debt conversion obligation and shareholders’ equity $ 9,410   $ 9,841                                                 NVIDIA CORPORATION   RECONCILIATION OF GAAP TO NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES   (In millions, except per share data)   (Unaudited)                       Three Months Ended     April 30,     January 29,     May 1,     2017     2017     2016                           GAAP gross profit $ 1,150     $ 1,303     $ 751     GAAP gross margin   59.4 %     60.0 %     57.5 %   Stock-based compensation expense (A)   4       4       4     Legal settlement costs   –       –       10   Non-GAAP gross profit $ 1,154     $ 1,307     $ 765     Non-GAAP gross margin   59.6 %     60.2 %     58.6 %                         GAAP operating expenses $ 596     $ 570     $ 506     Stock-based compensation expense (A)   (73 )     (68 )     (49 )   Legal settlement costs   –       –       (6 )   Acquisition-related costs (B)   (4 )     (4 )     (4 )   Contributions   (2 )     –       (3 )   Restructuring and other charges   –       –       (1 ) Non-GAAP operating expenses $ 517     $ 498     $ 443                           GAAP income from operations $ 554     $ 733     $ 245     Total impact of non-GAAP adjustments to income from operations   83       76       77   Non-GAAP income from operations $ 637     $ 809     $ 322                           GAAP other income (expense) $ (18 )   $ (7 )   $ (4 )   Gains from non-affiliated investments   –       (1 )     (3 )   Interest expense related to amortization of debt discount   2       4       7     Loss on early debt conversions   14       6       –   Non-GAAP other income (expense) $ (2 )   $ 2     $ –                           GAAP net income $ 507     $ 655     $ 208     Total pre-tax impact of non-GAAP adjustments   99       85       81     Income tax impact of non-GAAP adjustments   (73 )     (36 )     (26 ) Non-GAAP net income $ 533     $ 704     $ 263                           Diluted net income per share                         GAAP $ 0.79     $ 0.99     $ 0.35     Non-GAAP $ 0.85     $ 1.13     $ 0.46                           Weighted average shares used in diluted net income per share computation                         GAAP   641       660       599     Anti-dilution impact from note hedge (C)   (14 )     (36 )     (29 )   Non-GAAP   627       624       570                           GAAP revenue $ 1,937     $ 2,173     $ 1,305     Revenue from Intel license   (43 )     (66 )     (66 ) Revenue excluding Intel license $ 1,894     $ 2,107     $ 1,239                           GAAP net cash provided by operating activities $ 282     $ 721     $ 318     Purchase of property and equipment and intangible assets   (53 )     (52 )     (55 ) Free cash flow $ 229     $ 669     $ 263                           (A) Excludes stock-based compensation as follows: Three Months Ended     April 30,     January 29,     May 1,     2017     2017     2016     Cost of revenue $ 4     $ 4     $ 4     Research and development $ 41     $ 40     $ 29     Sales, general and administrative $ 31     $ 27     $ 20                           (B) Consists of amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets and compensation charges.                           (C) Represents the number of shares that would be delivered upon conversion of the currently outstanding 1.00% Convertible Senior Notes Due 2018. Under GAAP, shares delivered in hedge transactions are not considered offsetting shares in the fully diluted share calculation until actually delivered.           NVIDIA CORPORATION   RECONCILIATION OF GAAP TO NON-GAAP OUTLOOK           Q2 FY2018 Outlook           GAAP gross margin   58.4 %   Impact of stock-based compensation expense   0.2 % Non-GAAP gross margin   58.6 %           Q2 FY2018 Outlook     (In millions)           GAAP operating expenses $ 605     Stock-based compensation expense, acquisition-related costs, and other costs   (75 ) Non-GAAP operating expenses $ 530         Q2 FY2018 Outlook     (In millions)           GAAP other income (expense) $ (8 )   Loss on early debt conversions and interest expense related to amortization of debt discount   5   Non-GAAP other income (expense) $ (3 )         About NVIDIA NVIDIA‚s (NASDAQ: NVDA) invention of the GPU in 1999 sparked the growth of the PC gaming market, redefined modern computer graphics and revolutionized parallel computing. More recently, GPU deep learning ignited modern AI — the next era of computing — with the GPU acting as the brain of computers, robots and self-driving cars that can perceive and understand the world. More information at http://nvidianews.nvidia.com/. Certain statements in this press release including, but not limited to statements as to: the AI revolution continuing to accelerate; AI being the most important technology force of our time; the company’s intended capital return for fiscal 2018; the company’s next quarterly cash dividend; the company’s financial outlook for the second quarter of fiscal 2018; the company’s tax rates for the second quarter of fiscal 2018; and the impact and benefits of NVIDIA Tesla GPUs, NVIDIA’s accelerated computing platform, NVIDIA DGX-1 AI systems, NVIDIA Jetson TX2, and partnerships with Bosch and PACCAR; and intended training of 100,000 developers this year through the NVIDIA Deep Learning Institute are forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause results to be materially different than expectations. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include: global economic conditions; our reliance on third parties to manufacture, assemble, package and test our products; the impact of technological development and competition; development of new products and technologies or enhancements to our existing product and technologies; market acceptance of our products or our partners’ products; design, manufacturing or software defects; changes in consumer preferences or demands; changes in industry standards and interfaces; unexpected loss of performance of our products or technologies when integrated into systems; as well as other factors detailed from time to time in the reports NVIDIA files with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, including its Form 10-K for the fiscal period ended January 29, 2017. Copies of reports filed with the SEC are posted on the company’s website and are available from NVIDIA without charge. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and speak only as of the date hereof, and, except as required by law, NVIDIA disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances. © 2017 NVIDIA Corporation. All rights reserved. NVIDIA, the NVIDIA logo, GeForce, Tesla, NVIDIA DGX-1 and Jetson are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of NVIDIA Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Other company and product names may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated. Features, pricing, availability, and specifications are subject to change without notice. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Alpha Pro Tech, Ltd. Announces Financial Results for the First Quarter Ended March 31, 2017 Next PostNext Young artists, writers win RIT/NTIDs digital arts, writing competitions Search Recent Posts US Travel Companies Need a Long-Term Perspective to Capitalize on Cuba 2017 to 2022 Global Gas Permeable Lens Market Research Analysis Report Interview with Kieran Gilbert, SKY News Empowering Local Citizens in Lao PDR for Better Development U.S. Census Bureau Daily Feature for May 10: Slipping the Surly Bonds RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics DIS YELP Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Nvidia jumps by double digits on stellar Q1 report >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Nvidia Corporation (NVDA) Stock Finally Erupts With Stellar Q1 The frustrations of a lackluster 2017 melted away Tuesday after a big beat sent NVDA stock up by double digits By Vince Martin, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  May 9, 2017, 5:21 pm EDT     View All   Popular Posts: 10 Best Stocks to Buy for the Market’s Next Big Rally 10 Hot Stocks to Sell Before They Hit the Wall Tesla Inc (TSLA) Stock Sentenced to Limbo After Q1 Earnings Recent Posts: Nvidia Corporation (NVDA) Stock Finally Erupts With Stellar Q1 Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (VRX) Stock Is Still Hot Garbage Sturm Ruger & Company Inc (RGR) Stock Will Rebound After Strong Q1 View All Posts Nvidia Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) shareholders have been frustrated for most of this year thanks to a droopy performance in the wake of an explosive 2016. But no more. NVDA stock is charging out of the gate Tuesday night in the wake of a big Street-beating first-quarter earnings report. Source: Shutterstock I’ve admittedly been rather cautious toward Nvidia shares over the past few months. Considering a potential slowdown in GPU revenue, competition in the automotive industry after Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) acquired Mobileye NV (NYSE:MBLY) and simple valuation concerns, I didn’t trust the rally in Nvidia stock. With NVDA shares up 13% after-hours Tuesday following what looks like a major Q1 FY18 earnings beat, however, that caution looks cowardly at the moment. I wasn’t the only one skeptical, as a series of analyst downgrades knocked Nvidia stock off highs around $120. But shares very well may challenge those levels again, as Tuesday’s report looks solid across the board. Nvidia’s core gaming business is performing strongly, and new market opportunities in automotive and datacenter continue to develop. In fact, not only does Nvidia’s Q1 seem likely to quiet the bears — myself included — but it looks increasingly likely that NVDA stock should see even more upside, even after Tuesday’s double-digit burst. Nvidia Earnings Strong Across the Board What jumps out from Nvidia’s report is not just the consensus beat, but rather the broad strength in the quarter. Revenues of $1.94 billion were up 48% year-over-year and topped expectations for $1.91 billion. Earnings of 85 cents per share rocketed 85% higher and beat the Street by 18 cents. 7 Stocks to Buy Now for BIG Summer Outperformance But it wasn’t just the headline numbers. Everywhere you looked, NVDA flexed its muscles. GPU sales were up 45% year-over-year. Any fears of a slowdown in gaming market revenue were dispelled by 49% growth in that vertical. Sales to Datacenter customers — a key growth area — increased 186%. Automotive channel sales grew 24%, which in the context of the quarter, appears to be the lone disappointment (if only on a relative basis). OEM and IP revenue did decline, and Nvidia recognized the last of its revenue from a cross-licensing agreement with Intel. But that revenue is down to just 8% of the total, and growth elsewhere can easily paper over those concerns. The news on the margin front was even better, as evidenced by the magnitude of the earnings beat. Non-GAAP gross margin rose 100 basis points. Opex increased just 17%, well below the rate of top-line growth. That leverage drove operating income to nearly double, with adjusted EBIT up 98% and non-GAAP net income up 103%. Other than automotive, Q1 looks like a flawless quarter. And when a company releases results where 24% segment growth (as was the case in automotive) is the weakest aspect, its stock seems likely to soar. That’s certainly the case for NVDA stock, at least in the first couple of hours following this report. Does Q1 Change the Long-Term Case? The question coming out of Q1 results is whether the numbers mitigate the long-term concerns toward NVDA stock — notably in terms of valuation. From here, they do. It’s not just first-quarter performance that beat; Q2 guidance looks exceptionally strong as well. Second-quarter revenue is guided up 36% year-over-year; a modest deceleration relative to Q1, but still in line with FY17’s 38% growth and ahead of analyst estimates for 33% growth. Implied guidance suggests Q2 EPS of 81 cents, ignoring the impact of share repurchases and NVDA’s convertible bonds on diluted share count. At that number, Q2 earnings would double year-over-year, and the guidance is well ahead of Street consensus for Q2 of 61 cents. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/05/nvidia-corporation-nvda-stock-finally-erupts-with-stellar-q1/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Stocks to Buy Now for BIG Summer Outperformance Yelp Torched by 28% on Horrific Earnings 5 Top Dividend Stocks Across the Globe 2 Fast Food Stocks to Buy, and 2 to Avoid 3 Airline Stocks Making a Powerful Upside Breakout Facebook Is Losing a War With Itself ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks Walt Disney Co (DIS) Stock Sunk by ESPN AGAIN 7 Stocks to Buy Now for BIG Summer Outperformance 5 Top Dividend Stocks From Across the Globe 2 Fast Food Stocks to Buy, and 2 to Avoid 3 Airline Stocks Making a Powerful Upside Breakout Most Popular 10 Hot Stocks to Sell Before They Hit the Wall The 10 Best Growth Stocks You Can Buy Right Now 10 Dividend Stocks That Will Deliver Double-Digit Returns Every Year Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Is a Great Buy … If You Wait 3 Bank Stocks That Can Bank You Free Profits 10 Simply Safe Dividend Stocks to Buy for Retirement Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snap beat expectations in its first quarterly report? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Archives: 150+ years Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Super Bowl LII Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev Trump ax falls on FBI's Comey in midst of Russia probe Delano now is telling teachers controversial diversity signs can stay up U.S. Rep. Emmer's staff calls for apology from Lino Lakes over menacing social media post After tragedy strikes twice, a grieving family struggles to stay afloat State budget negotiations implode as GOP moves forward without Gov. Dayton Forest Lake HS students walk out to protest police department disbanding Twins, Santiago hand Pelfrey a 'demoralizing' start Karl-Anthony Towns builds his brand, company by company 8-story MoZaic East offices to move ahead in Uptown without tenant locked down Sweet! Minnesota's Largest Candy Store gets even bigger with massive new dome People are obsessing about Obama's unbuttoned shirt next Wolves 421821043 Karl-Anthony Towns builds his brand, company by company Karl-Anthony Towns has look, personality companies can't resist  By Jerry Zgoda Star Tribune May 9, 2017 — 9:14pm Video (01:04) : Minnesota Timberwolves center Karl-Anthony Towns got to show off his acting chops in an ad for Kit Kat. Matt Gillmer Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint There’s a word that describes the business partnership between a rising NBA star known by his initials, K.A.T., and a candy bar called Kit Kat: Inevitable. “I feel like it is,” Timberwolves big man Karl-Anthony Towns said. “It’s something too perfect of a match.” Two seasons into his NBA career, Towns hasn’t yet made the playoffs, but he has a growing list of corporate partners he endorses — double digits and counting with a chocolate-bar ad campaign aimed at an internet audience that launched last week. He also has deals with Nike, Gatorade, 2K Sports, Beats by Dre and Jack Link’s Beef Jerky. In the Jack Link’s commercials, which have aired throughout the NBA playoffs, he co-stars with none other than Sasquatch himself and demonstrates what has been true for some time: An NBA star needn’t play in New York City or Los Angeles to compile endorsement deals. And all at the tender age of 21 … Photos by Richard Tsong-Taatarii &#x2022; richard.tsong-taatarii@startribune.com One Kat deserves another: Timberwolves star Karl-Anthony Towns recently began shooting commercials for Kit Kat candy bars. Athletes and their handlers call it building their “brand,” these financial relationships that for the biggest superstars can dwarf their playing salaries. NBA stars, in particular, have cashed in, thanks to massive worldwide appeal that includes a growing audience in China. Three of the league’s superstars — Cleveland’s LeBron James as well as Golden State’s Kevin Durant and Stephen Curry — all earned $35 million or more from endorsement deals this season, according to Forbes magazine. Much of that comes from deals with shoe/apparel companies such as Nike, Under Armour and Adidas. The only other sport that’s comparable with its worldwide audience is soccer. The Cavaliers paid James nearly $31 million to play for them. Nike, Intel, Kia Motors, Samsung and Coca-Cola, among others, paid him $55 million this season, according to Forbes. James also has an entertainment production company that has four television series on the air, and he owns a stake in a pizza franchise. The Warriors paid Curry a mere $12.1 million this season because of a contract he signed in 2012, early in a career that until then had been sidetracked by ankle injuries. Curry is expected to earn more than $50 million next season after he signed two big deals with Chinese companies. Of course, James has won four league MVP awards and three NBA titles while Curry has been named MVP twice and won the championship once. ‘I am Bigfoot’ Perpetual All-Stars such as Chris Paul, Blake Griffin, Carmelo Anthony, Kyrie Irving and Russell Westbrook earned anywhere from $8 million to $15 million off the court this season. All of which gives Towns somewhere to aim, even if he considers his expanding number of partnerships something else beyond the money. “I like to be able to express my personality, the way I am,” Towns said. “Everyone is different. I’m more of a social person, so it’s a lot of fun to go out and do what I love to do: Show my personality and my humor.” That’s why he has made a series of quirky Jack Link’s commercials, a “professional tall athlete” who works out with the product’s recurring Sasquatch character. When asked if a man who wears a size-20 shoe believes in such a creature, Towns said, “I am Bigfoot.” That’s also why he recently recorded with a Hershey’s chocolate production crew that numbered nearly a dozen members at his expansive suburban Twin Cities home. In the candy store Hey, he’s Big K.A.T., but it’s the Big Kit Kat. This stuff sure gets confusing, doesn’t it? Towns is part of a long list of NBA pitchmen, the most noteworthy of whom can make more money off the court than they can on it. They filled a camping cooler with Kit Kat bars that Towns broke off a chunk of during filming and stocked a kitchen pantry with many more for another shot. By afternoon’s end, much of the chocolate that didn’t end up on his shorts filled his stomach. He did take after take after take for more than five hours, shooting segments for three wry commercials aimed at a young “GenZennial” demographic and timed to commemorate the anniversary of the “Big Kat” bar. “I definitely went through two Costco-sized boxes,” Towns said. “I was like a little kid in the candy store, only the candy store was brought to me. It was awesome. I got the chance to eat all the Kit Kats I can imagine.” He also displayed a lovely singing voice in a shot where he delivers the familiar “Break Me Off a Piece” jingle. “I’m going to stick to playing for the Timberwolves,” he said. Parent company Hershey’s used the Chance the Rapper jingle to reach its young target audience when it launched the Big Kit Kat campaign a year ago. He remixed that 30-year-old jingle for a new audience. When Towns’ representatives proposed a match made for each other, the two sides united at Towns’ home to produce 15- to 30-second commercials aimed at social-media audiences. Towns is represented by Creative Artists Agency, a Los Angeles-based company whose clients include not only some of Hollywood’s biggest movie and television stars but star athletes as well. Paul, for example, is featured in a series of ads for State Farm insurance. Many platforms Towns’ Kit Kat spots launched on Twitter and migrated to Facebook and Instagram as well. Now they are being placed alongside online videos that attract an NBA audience. The chocolate bar’s long-running “Give Me a Break” theme once was aimed at workers on coffee and cigarette breaks. Now it’s aimed at a young audience that takes its breaks by watching short internet videos. The candy company’s marketers considered Kit Kat and big K.A.T. a match not just because of their shared name, but also what Kit Kat brand senior manager Dan Tirol calls shared qualities between internet video campaigns and a young, rising NBA star. “They’re short, quick, lighthearted, fun, real and authentic,” Tirol said. “That’s one reason Karl made so much sense. When you watch him play on TV or if you’ve ever met him, he has a fun, engaging personality that fit the brand. Karl also is the age of our target [audience]. That’s the other thing that made so much sense.” Hershey’s has used young Philadelphia 76ers star Joel Embiid and the NFL’s Todd Gurley for Jolly Rancher ads and worked with Olympians Michael Phelps, Jordan Burroughs and Carli Lloyd as well. “Karl, he’s a natural in front of the camera,” Tirol said. “You can tell he’s going to be not just an amazing basketball talent, but an amazing entertainer, too.” In the spotlight When he was drafted first overall in 2015, Towns appeared on “The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon” and was stuffed into a phone booth in a sketch with actor Kevin Spacey, Triple Crown-winning jockey Victor Espinoza and two others. Last summer, he guest starred on a Disney Channel show, and he said he aspires to act someday. “I have a lot of opportunities I want to try to take advantage of and see where it goes,” Towns said. “It’s a different type of work. Basketball is one type of work and this is another type of work.” Towns moved into his new home before last season, just in time to surprise young trick-or-treaters who rang his door bell. It was months before he signed on with Hershey’s and Kit Kat. “I did give out a lot of Kit Kats,” he said. “It feels like my childhood has come full circle. I remember those days walking to the QuickChek in Piscataway [N.J.] to get a Kit Kat and now it just reminds me of how far I’ve come in my life and my career.” jzgoda@startribune.com 612-673-7197 View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune Trump ax falls on FBI's Comey in midst of Russia probe Sweet! Minnesota's Largest Candy Store gets even bigger with massive new dome Delano now is telling teachers controversial diversity signs can stay up Forest Lake HS students walk out to protest police department disbanding China's team? Wolves say hearty 'ni hao' to potential market Flashy T-shirts showcase 'Young Wolve$' movement Abu Danladi at a glance Gameday preview: Wolves at New York Celebrity news: LeBron James' next career is in TV and movies More From Sports Twins 7 minutes ago Matt Harvey rejoins Mets, apologizes for skipping game Matt Harvey was contrite. Visibly embarrassed. Entirely apologetic. Twins 12 minutes ago LEADING OFF: Mattingly on ejection streak, K-Rod loses job A look at what's happening all around the majors today:___TRIFECTA?Miami's Don Mattingly has managed in just three innings over the first two games of a… Wild 17 minutes ago Senators back in conference finals for 1st time in 10 years Erik Karlsson and the Senators have goals this season beyond the Eastern Conference finals. Twins 37 minutes ago Upton, McCann hit HRs; Tigers beat D-backs 7-3 For a starting pitcher, Justin Verlander said, there's such a thing as too much rest. Twins 42 minutes ago Barnes doubles in Stripling in 10th, Dodgers beat Pirates Austin Barnes hit a pinch-double with one out in the 10th inning, scoring pinch-running pitcher Ross Stripilng to lift the Los Angeles Dodgers over the Pittsburgh Pirates 4-3 on Tuesday night. Related Coverage Companies and products endorsed by the Timberwolves' Karl-Anthony Towns May. 9 Most Read Karl-Anthony Towns builds his brand, company by company • Wolves Turn back the clock: Manu Ginobili, 39, sparks Spurs with big plays • Wolves Shaquille O'Neal says he's running for sheriff in Georgia • Wolves 'Big KAT' Karl-Anthony Towns and Kit Kat team up for ad • Wolves Companies and products endorsed by the Timberwolves' Karl-Anthony Towns • Wolves making a new home Minnesota is home away from home for several United FC soccer player... Seven Loons players from six different countries get first taste of U.S. vikings draft choices Watch them work: Vikings top draft pick video highlights A video look at the players taken by the Vikings in the second through fifth rounds, as well ... '100 percent committed' Girls' AAU basketball programs in Minnesota on the rise As basketball quality grows, Minnesota teams are getting more national exposure. Building a relationship New Vikings coach Polamalu, rookie Cook 'off to something special' Journeyman position coach Polamalu embracing role of grooming Vikings rookie RB Cook Seimone's zone 'Humble superstar.' Augustus builds Lynx legacy by scoring less Repeat champion, ultimate teammate Augustus enters her 12th season. Playoffs: Keep up with the NBA News, scores, more: Latest on the NBA playoffs Game updates, schedules, statistics and more on the NBA playoffs. Click here for everything that's ... Johnny Love's racing picks At the track 2017 Here's where you can find the race selections from Star Tribune handicapper Johnny Love and race ... Following the Loons A field guide to Minnesota United's first MLS season What you need to know to get up to speed on big-time soccer, as United FC enters its first season ... Playoffs: Keep up with the Cup News, scores, more: Latest on the Stanley Cup Game updates, schedules, statistics and more on the Stanley Cup playoffs. Click here for everything ... Hector the Collector Hector the collector: Twins' pitcher Santiago lives a baseball fan's... Pitcher Hector Santiago transforms basement into wall-to-wall sports shrine. Final Four frustration Haskins, Gophers stung by U's silence 20 years after Final Four run Scandal's impact still felt as Gophers mark 1997 Final Four with silence Wild things in the wilderness Pro wrestlers' colorful stories didn't stop at boundaries of the rin... The famous Gagnes of Minnesota and their contemporaries made some memories in the outdoors, too, ... Decline in diversity Black coaches vanish from Big Ten men's basketball Black coaches becoming a rarity in big-time college basketball Future first rounder? Eden Prairie's Casey Mittelstadt a once-in-a-decade player Mittelstadt skates with a burst and reads plays like he already saw the game brothers and sisters Best sports siblings ever from Minnesota? Here's the Top 10 list The tennis domination of Serena and Venus Williams got us to thinking about the best sports siblings ... podcast: access vikings Access Vikings: The Podcast Check out our weekly Vikings podcast, featuring Michael Rand and Matt Vensel. Minnesota mascot mania Who is the best sports mascot in Minnesota? We rank the major player... Minnesota has quite a few sports mascots roaming around this time of year, so obviously we ranked ... StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Full Page Archive: 150+ years Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Artificial Intelligence (AI) Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 05/09/2017 — This report studies the global Artificial Intelligence Software market, analyzes and researches the Artificial Intelligence Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market, like – Google Inc. – IBM Corporation – Microsoft Corporation – Nvidia Corporation – Intel Corporation – General Vision, Inc. – Numenta, Inc. – Sentient Technologies Holdings Ltd. – Fingenius Limited – Inbenta Technologies, Inc. Get a Sample Research PDF with TOC: http://www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=S&repid=1055702 Market segment by Regions/Countries, this report covers – United States – EU – Japan – China – India – Southeast Asia Market segment by Type, Artificial Intelligence Software can be split into – Deep Learning – Robotics – Digital Personal Assistant – Querying Method – Natural Language Processing – Context-Aware Processing Market segment by Application, Artificial Intelligence Software can be split into – Agriculture – Entertainment – Manufacturing – Healthcare – Media and Advertising – Retail – Transportation and Automotive – Other Table of Contents: 2 Global Artificial Intelligence Software Competition Analysis by Players 2.1 Artificial Intelligence Software Market Size (Value) by Players (2016 and 2017) 2.2 Competitive Status and Trend 2.2.1 Market Concentration Rate 2.2.2 Product/Service Differences 2.2.3 New Entrants 2.2.4 The Technology Trends in Future Enquiry at: http://www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=E&repid=1055702 3 Company (Top Players) Profiles 3.1 Google Inc. 3.1.1 Company Profile 3.1.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.1.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.1.4 Artificial Intelligence Software Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.1.5 Recent Developments 3.2 IBM Corporation 3.2.1 Company Profile 3.2.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.2.3 Products, Services and Solutions Browse more details at: http://www.researchmoz.us/global-smart-communities-market-size-status-and-forecast-2022-report.html About ResearchMoz ResearchMoz is the world’s fastest growing collection of market research reports worldwide. Our database is composed of current market studies from over 100 featured publishers worldwide. Our market research databases integrate statistics with analysis from global, regional, country and company perspectives. ResearchMoz’s service portfolio also includes value-added services such as market research customization, competitive landscaping, and in-depth surveys, delivered by a team of experienced Research Coordinators. Contact Us: Mr. Nachiket Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-621-2074 Tel: 866-997-4948 (Us-Canada Toll Free) Email: sales@researchmoz.us Follow us on LinkedIn at: http://bit.ly/1TBmnVG CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Thermoplastic Pipe Market Set for Robust Growth by 2016-2024 Next PostNext Artisan Talent Listed as a ‘Best Professional Recruiting Firm’ by Forbes Search Recent Posts Africa: Briefing on Nigeria Innospec Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results Cyber Command Increases Readiness to Hold Targets at Risk U.S. Officials Studying Force Size in Afghanistan, Dunford Says Pentagon Reassures Turkey on Equipping Kurdish Elements in Syria RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Politics BREAKING: Grand Jury Subpoenas Have Been Issued For Associates Of Michael Flynn Chuck Ross Reporter 9:55 PM 05/09/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP Federal grand jury subpoenas have been issued for associates of former national security adviser Michael Flynn, CNN is reporting. The news is breaking just after President Trump fired FBI Director James Comey. According to CNN, the subpoenas were issued within the past several weeks by the U.S. Attorneys Office in the Eastern District of Virginia. Dana Boente oversees that office. He is also acting as head of the Justice Department’s National Security Division. The subpoenas seek information about Flynn associates’ business dealings after he left his position as director of the Defense Intelligence Agency in 2014 and are part of a larger investigation into whether Trump associates colluded with the Russian government, according to CNN. The investigation deals with possible wrongdoing on Flynn’s part regarding disclosures of payments he received from organizations tied to the governments of Russia and Turkey. Through his consulting firm, Flynn Intel Group, Flynn, a retired lieutenant general, signed a $600,000 contract in August with a Dutch shell company linked to the Turkish government. Flynn did not disclose the full extent of that contract until March 7 when he registered with the Justice Department as a foreign agent of Turkey. (RELATED: Michael Flynn Is Lobbying For Firm With Ties To Turkish Government) The Daily Caller first reported Flynn’s work for the Dutch firm, Inovo BV. Flynn was fired by President Trump on Feb. 13, just 24 days into his tenure. The White House claimed that Flynn was fired for misleading Vice President Mike Pence about phone calls he had with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak in December. The phone calls occurred just before and after the Obama administration slapped sanctions on Russia for meddling in the presidential campaign. Flynn falsely claimed that he did not discuss sanctions on the phone call, though transcripts of the intercepted phone calls reportedly showed otherwise. Flynn may have misled the FBI about the phone call during an interview on Jan. 24. Flynn has had other suspicious dealings with Russia. In Dec. 2015, he was paid $45,000 to attend a gala in Moscow hosted by RT, the news outlet owned and controlled by the Russian government. Flynn sat next to Vladimir Putin at the event. As a former military officer, Flynn was required to disclose any foreign payments to the Defense Department. And though Flynn appears to have disclosed that he was traveling to the gala, he did not inform the Defense Department that he was being paid to do so. CNN reports that it learned of the federal subpoenas just hours before Trump fired Comey. The decision has already led to calls for the appointment of a special prosecutor to oversee the investigation into Trump associates’ ties to Russia. In addition to Flynn, former campaign chairman Paul Manafort, former foreign policy adviser Carter Page, and informal adviser Roger Stone are said to be under investigation. Flynn’s attorney, Robert Kelner, did not respond to a request for comment. Follow Chuck on Twitter Tags: Donald Trump, FBI, Michael Flynn Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Trending Popular Emailed Celebrities Call For Trump To Be Impeached After Comey Firing Immigrant Charged With Killing Two Boston Doctors Sentenced To 364 Days, One Short Of Deportation Powerful Podesta Firm Withheld Key Details Of Russia, Trump Aide Links Ivy League Black Students Decide To Hold Their Own ‘Black-Only’ Graduation Ceremony Jim Comey Started Laughing When He Saw That He’d Been Fired CNN President Complains: ‘Journalism Is Threatened’ By Trump Administration Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Silicon on Insulator Market Revenue, Opportunity, Segment and Key Trends 2017-2025 Silicon on Insulator Market Revenue, Opportunity, Segment and Key Trends 2017-2025 Posted on May 10, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. The silicon on insulator market is primarily driven by the rising demand for scaling of CMOS ICs, low cost of wafers, advances in the consumer electronics market, and miniaturization of semiconductor devices. Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 05/09/2017 — Global Silicon on Insulator Market: Overview Silicon on insulator (SOI) is a chip manufacturing technology that uses layered silicon–insulator–silicon substrates instead of the conventional bulk silicon and is used in making advanced semiconductor devices. The continued demand for miniaturization of electronic devices and advances in microprocessor design are seminal developments leading to the evolution of the silicon on insulator market. SOI wafers and transistors find wide applications in microelectronics to make advanced complementary metal-oxide-semiconductor (CMOS) integrated circuit (IC) fabrication. SOI-based devices are extensively used in a number of micro-electro-mechanical systems (MEMS) since they can lower stray device capacitance, thereby significantly improving device performance. Over the forecast period, the silicon on insulator market is expected to witness a bright prospect in the next-generation microprocessor design and wafer engineering technology. Request Sample Copy of the Report @ https://www.tmrresearch.com/sample/sample?flag=B&rep_id=2384 Global Silicon on Insulator Market: Key Trends The silicon on insulator market is primarily driven by the rising demand for scaling of CMOS ICs, low cost of wafers, advances in the consumer electronics market, and miniaturization of semiconductor devices. The need for reducing power consumption in a variety of mobile and portable devices has fuelled the demand for SOI devices in the consumer electronic industry. In recent years, top chipmakers such as IBM, Advanced Micro Devices, and Intel Corporation have taken surging interest in the commercialization of SOI technology. This is expected to open up lucrative avenues in the silicon on insulator market. The minor restructuring in the current chip fabrication methods has enabled several manufactures to shift from the bulk silicon technology to the SOI-based devices. Global Silicon on Insulator Market: Market Potential Continuous efforts are being made by companies in the semiconductor and electronics industry to mainstream SOI technology by bringing improvements in their chip fabrication process. Fully depleted silicon on insulator (FD-SOI) has proven to be a simplified process technology that helps in the marked miniaturization of transistors and dramatically improves the performance of SOI devices. Request TOC of the Report @ https://www.tmrresearch.com/sample/sample?flag=T&rep_id=2384 NXP Semiconductors N.V., a global semiconductor manufacturer based out of Netherlands, has announced in March, 2017 that it is first to market its innovative applications processor design by using FD-SOI technology. The manufacturer revealed that coupling its multiple domain architecture with FD-SOI enables it to dramatically reduce power consumption, especially improving dynamic power with as much as 50% compared to its previous i.MX 7 devices. The design offers an intuitive user-experience by allowing unprecedentedly high energy-efficient graphics acceleration. In addition, the design is capable of low power standby modes and robust visual displays in a single processor. The intelligent power system architecture is attributed to the design's extremely high operating voltage scalability. The company announced that the processor design will prove immensely helpful in enhancing the capabilities of numerous IoT, home control, and wearable devices, since they require excellent graphics processing. Global Silicon on Insulator Market: Regional Outlook Europe and North America are prominent markets for SOI technologies. The growth of the regional markets is mainly driven by the surging application of SOI technology in a number of mobile devices and consumer electronics and the soaring application of semiconductors in gaming consoles. Asia Pacific is expected to offer lucrative market avenues over the forecast period. The increasing demand for the SOI technology in this region is attributed to the constant advances made in miniaturization of electronic devices, especially in emerging nations, and the growing demand for advanced microprocessing technologies in computers. Read Comprehensive Overview of Report@ https://www.tmrresearch.com/silicon-on-insulator-market Global Silicon on Insulator Market: Competitive Analysis The silicon on insulator market ecosystem consists of raw material suppliers, vendors, system integrators, chip manufacturers, and original equipment manufacturer. Several chip manufactures are actively making improvements in their fabrication processes to adopt SOI technology. This helps them ramp up the production of SOI-based devices and gain a competitive edge over others. Leading players are opting for partnerships to consolidate their presence in emerging markets. Major players operating in the silicon on insulator market include Shin-Etsu Chemical Co., Ltd., GlobalWafers Co., Ltd., Soitec, Wafer World Inc., Ultrasil Corporation, IBM, and Intel Corporation. About TMR Research TMR Research is a premier provider of customized market research and consulting services to business entities keen on succeeding in todaya€™s supercharged economic climate. Armed with an experienced, dedicated, and dynamic team of analysts, we are redefining the way our clientsa€™ conduct business by providing them with authoritative and trusted research studies in tune with the latest methodologies and market trends. Our savvy custom-built reports span a gamut of industries such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals and metals, food and beverages, and technology and media, among others. With actionable insights uncovered through in-depth research of the market, we try to bring about game-changing success for our clients. For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/silicon-on-insulator-market/release-804409.htm Media Relations Contact Rohit Bhisey Head – Internet Marketing TMR Research Telephone: 1-415-520-1050 Email: Click to Email Rohit Bhisey Web: https://www.tmrresearch.com/silicon-on-insulator-market Latest News Asia Pacific Flexible Glass Market Anticipated to Be Valued at $612.7 Mn by 2020 Global Video Surveillance Systems Sales Market 2017 – 2021: Honeywell Security, Bosch Security, Panasonic, Pelco, Axis Communications Global Video Surveillance Systems Sales Market 2017: Production, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast to 2021 BRICS Oral Care Market Expected to Reach at US $50.8 Bn During 2014-2020 by FMI Global Dental Software Market 2017 – Market Size, Status, Trends and Forecast 2022 Explosive Detectors Market Will Expand with Steady Pace by 2016-2024 Solid Control Equipment Market Poised to Expand with Robust Pace by 2016-2024 Silicon on Insulator Market Revenue, Opportunity, Segment and Key Trends 2017-2025 Global CRM Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022 – Features Key Companies (Salesforce, Microsoft, Zoho, GoldMine, Nimble, Insightly, SugarCRM) Roofing Systems Market Size, Trends, Scope and Competitive Landscape Outlook to 2016-2024 © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 28 mins S&P 500 2,396.92 -2.46 (-0.10%) Dow 30 20,975.78 -36.50 (-0.17%) Nasdaq 6,120.59 +17.93 (+0.29%) Listen Berkshire Hathaway's 2017 Annual Meeting Podcasts Download them from wherever you get your podcasts Bank Of America Likes Intel, Advanced Micro Devices; Keep An Eye On Analyst Day Jayson Derrick Benzinga May 9, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Vivek Arya of Bank of America provided an update on semiconductor stocks under his coverage. Here is a summary of some of the analyst's findings during the first quarter. Better Pricing But Lower PC Units PC microprocessor chip units fell 10 percent quarter-over-quarter and down 3 percent year-over-year. Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMD) and overall PC average selling prices were up 17 percent quarter-over-quarter and 7 percent year-over-year, driven partially by the new Ryzen product. Intel Corporation (NASDAQ: INTC)'s PC client unit share remained roughly steady at 91 percent while AMD's also remained steady at 9 percent. PC MPU First quarter PC client (desktop and notebook) MPU shipments fell 3.4 percent year-over-year. PC inventories remain "mostly in check" as total PC client MPU shipments fell 10.1 percent in the quarter, which was in line with seasonal trends. PC client unit share between Intel (91.4 percent) and AMD (8.6 percent) also remained unchanged in the quarter. AMD did gain 150 basis points of share in desktop but this was offset by Intel's gain in notebooks. A Closer Look At Ryzen The analyst's research concluded that AMD shipped 307,000 Ryzen units in the quarter, of which 76 percent were high-end products. Ryzen also sold at ASP of $248, which implies $76 million in Ryzen-related revenues in the quarter. Overall, Ryzen contributed a 20 percent improvement in AMD's total MPU ASP. Game Consoles Arya further noted AMD's semi-custom unit shipments allocated toward game consoles fell 24 percent quarter-over-quarter but did grow 2 percent from a year ago. AMD likely benefited from the tail-end of the PlayStation VR/PS4 Pro and an Xbox console ramp, which started in the third quarter. Stock Recommendations AMD remains Buy rated with a $16.50 price target as the company could report operating margins "well above" the Street's expectations from new product launches. Also, the company's upcoming analyst day on May 16 could prove to be the next catalyst for the stock. Intel remains Buy rated with a $42 price target as the company's future is less exposed to the PC market and better positioned to benefit from faster growing and profitable segments such as cloud computing, 3D memory, Internet of Things and software markets. Related Links: Goldman Analyst Was Spot On With His Bearish Advanced Micro Devices Thesis, Sees Further Downside Bank Of America: AMD, Cavium And Cypress Could All See 50% Upside Latest Ratings for AMD Date Firm Action From To May 2017 Macquarie Downgrades Neutral Underperform Apr 2017 Goldman Sachs Initiates Coverage On Sell Mar 2017 Macquarie Initiates Coverage On Neutral View More Analyst Ratings for AMD View the Latest Analyst Ratings See more from Benzinga Advanced Micro Devices Plummets Following Q1 Earnings: What Are Analysts Saying? The Advanced Micro Devices Tale Is Transitioning From 'Dreams To Reality' Qualcomm's Future With Apple Remains Unclear © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Sally Yates Denies Donald Trump Tweet She Leaked Michael Flynn Intel To WaPo Deadline Intel Chip Flaw Lets Hackers Access Windows Devices Remotely Investopedia More Tech Earnings Ahead With Nvidia Reporting Tomorrow Forbes Advanced Micro Devices Inc: Buy the Dip? Motley Fool AMD Could Rebound from Strong Support Investopedia James Comey reportedly learned of his firing from TV news coverage, and he thought it was a prank Business Insider Warren Buffett: One metric tells me the most about the future Yahoo Finance JPMorgan has unleashed another 100,000-point rewards offer to Sapphire credit card holders in its latest push to win over millennials Business Insider UPS CEO on drones and autonomous driving Yahoo Finance Video Disney CEO Bob Iger finally addressed the ESPN layoffs Yahoo Finance Here's how much Nvidia will make off the Nintendo Switch Yahoo Finance Disney's ESPN problem comes down to simple math Yahoo Finance Here's why your paycheck may soon get a nice bump CNBC UPS CEO talks tax reform, trade, and Obamacare Yahoo Finance Video UPS CEO: Obamacare has a big advantage that I hope gets continued Yahoo Finance Insurers are fleeing Obamacare, and Trump is helping Yahoo Finance Toobin tears into Trump’s firing of Comey: ‘A grotesque abuse of power’ Bob: Sessions was supposed to recuse himself from Russian Investigation matters. This was clearly retribution for FBI Grand Jury subpeonas issued to Flynn Assoc Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2.2k
Sections You are not signed in.Sign inRegister HomeDevelopmentPublishingPolitics & LawMedia & MarketingMobileVR & ARFinancialeSportsEventsGames Industry Jobs "There's a lot of money in VR, but you need to look at different avenues" Surviving the market's growing pains means keeping open mind, VR devs say - platform exclusives, second jobs and b2b contracts can help balance the books Matthew Handrahan European Deputy Editor Tuesday 9th May 2017 Share this article Recommend Tweet Share This article was first published in our VR & AR newsletter. For exclusive content and all of the news from these exciting and fast-growing markets, sign up here. Developers entering the nascent market for virtual reality game would be wise to hedge their bets, according to a panel of experts at Berlin's Quo Vadis conference last week. There is money to be made in VR, but betting on the market for consumer games is a "risky business." The panel was inspired by an article from Joe Radak, an independent game developer who documented his experience trying to make money with Light Repair Team #4, a launch title for HTC Vive. Ultimately, Radak lost $36,000, despite taking great care to budget as carefully as possible based on realistic performance goals. You can read the piece over on Medium, but it's worth noting the bittersweet tone of Radak's conclusion. "From the viewpoint of a business person, VR developers are stupid, idiotic and reckless. And for VR, that's fucking beautiful," he wrote. "You 100% need to be all those if you want to succeed in VR. If people weren't being reckless, and if it wasn't for companies like Oculus or Intel shoving money at developers to soften the financial blows, VR would not last long at all. Period. End of story." "There are some lucky ones, like Job Simulator, that actually make money, but most games in VR don't" Sara Lisa Vogl For Dr. Adam Streck, a developer in the final days before the launch of his own Vive game, Duel VR, Radak's article made for sobering reading. With €30,000 in funding from the Medienboard of Berlin & Brandenburg, Streck and his team had a better start than some developers working in VR. But after nine-months in which half of his time was spent working on Duel VR, and with the game's launch just a week away, he admitted that funds were "basically at zero now." "We could definitely make more money if we were not doing VR," Streck said with a rueful laugh. "All in all, as a freelance programmer it's a very bad investment [of time]. Now we have to hope that we can get some money to continue running the project, because it's multiplayer. We were hoping we can get a foot in that market, because VR multiplayer isn't very big right now. "Everybody in our core team sold themselves very short on the amount of money [we needed]... We're hoping it will be a project that establishes us as a VR development studio, but we don't really expect that we'll be able to get the money in return that can run a studio in the longer term." "If you are in it for the money right now... then you are in the wrong spot right now." From the left: Dr. Adam Streck, Sara Lisa Vogl, Martin de Ronde, Thomas Bedenk - Photo credit: Uwe Voelkner / FOX For Sara Lisa Vogl, starting early didn't provide much of an advantage when it came to making a living from selling Lucid Trips, the HTC Vive game on which she has worked for three years. Vogl told the audience that she and her team were still updating the game despite a lack of money coming from sales, she now splits her time between development and setting up co-working and networking spaces in cities around Europe with a new initiative, VR Base - Amsterdam, Berlin and Paris so far. It was a way of making use of the experience she gained as an early mover in VR, she said, but it was also important to establish a second source of income. "I was very early in VR, and I got a lot of connections and a network that can actually get to the funding," he said. "There's a lot of strategic partners in the field who want to drive the industry forward, which we can use to help local scenes and build them up." For the overwhelming majority of developers, Vogl said, the first game (and often more than just the first) is best regarded as a source of experience. "The first games you do in VR are a lot about learning, a lot about iterating, a lot about exchanging with other people, and not about making money," she continued. "Establishing a name, establishing knowledge; these are the things that happen in these early games. "One studio picking one game and putting all of your money into that? You might as well go to a casino and put everything on number 27 at the roulette table" Martin de Ronde "There are some lucky ones, like Job Simulator, that actually make money, but most games in VR don't." However, for the other two panelists, the solution to the lack of money available in VR games has been to take the emphasis away from games. For Thomas Bedenk, an indie developer working on VR with Berlin-based digital media agency Exozet, the future of the market is all but assured. "It is going to be huge," he said, unequivocally. "Especially if you consider VR and AR, there's almost no application in the world where you can't bring one of them in somehow." The same is true right now, though, and game developers may be overlooking the value of their skills to the myriad other industries already interested in VR. Consumer brands with designs on VR as a marketing tool, for example, "do have a lot of money, and it's not that different from making games." The business-to-business sector can offer a way to sharpen your skills in VR, but in an arena where the money is more consistent and the market more predictable. "You can bring in all that knowledge of iterative workflows, how to make something user focused," Bedenk added. "Apply that to VR and you have a very good head-start against agencies that have no clue about those things." This more expansive approach is fundamental to Force Field VR, by far the biggest company represented on the panel at Quo Vadis. Martin de Ronde, Force Field's co-founder and one of the original founders of Guerrilla Games, has built a staff of more than 80 people in Amsterdam, and yet despite those high overheads the company is already profitable. "The turnover we create to feed those 80 mouths is all coming from the VR industry, actually," he said. "There's a lot of money in VR, but you need to look at different avenues... There's money coming from hardware manufacturers, there's money coming from brands who want to move into VR. "Putting all of your money on the home consumer market is, I think, a bit of a risky business. Budgets either need to be small, or you want to partner with a hardware manufacturer that is setting aside millions of dollars for funding budgets in order to bring content into the market. That's also something we're doing." Force Field's Landfall was an exclusive title for Oculus Rift Force Field developed Landfall, an Oculus Rift exclusive with the kind of ambition and production values that, de Ronde argued, are made possible through the kind of funding available from hardware manufacturers. Of course, the whole concept of exclusive games in VR has long been divisive, with Owlchemy telling GamesIndustry.biz that it should be a "last resort" in an article published earlier this week. Now, it's worth noting that de Ronde wasn't aware of Owlchemy's comments, but he did place the Job Simulator dev in a rarefied group whose experience isn't necessarily in line with their peers. "If you are in VR for the money right now... then you are in the wrong spot right now" Dr. Adam Streck "I think if you are putting all of your money into game consumers hands, so to speak, when it comes to VR that's a big risk at the moment," de Ronde said. "I'm sure some of you have seen the data coming out of some developers: Arizona Sunshine, Job Simulator, Raw Data; games that have hit the $1 million or more revenue mark, and I think Job Simulator recorded having made over $3 million. "That's an amount of money where you can start thinking about those [bigger] budgets, but if there's only two or three developers reporting that turnover then you should take into account that the vast majority of developers are probably not." The contacts that de Ronde built up throughout a long career in the games industry were important in giving Force Field its strong start, but there is clearly a lot to be said for being open to different approaches to the VR market as it exists today. Part of that could be a more pragmatic attitude about the partnerships and the caveats attached to certain sources of funding. Part of that could be a willingness to think beyond games to recognise opportunities that could support a business in the longer term. "We started working in VR in 2014," de Ronde said. "Nobody quite knew which genres would work well in VR, so our risk management was literally, 'let's make sure we don't put all of our eggs in one basket.' Don't just work with one hardware manufacturer, work with multiple; don't just work with one genre, work with multiple genres; and don't just work in one type of industry, games, but also look at location-based entertainment in VR, theme parks, business-to-business assignments for brands, and also get our feet wet with AR. "We're really hedging our bets, and I think that's necessary. One studio picking one game and putting all of your money into that? You might as well go to a casino and put everything on number 27 at the roulette table." GamesIndustry.biz is a media partner of the Quo Vadis conference. Sign up for The VR & AR newsletter and get the best of GamesIndustry.biz in your inbox. Related stories Gear VR far and away the leader with almost 7m expected to be sold in 2017 SuperData's latest figures show 782,000 units sold in Q1; HTC Vive continues to outpace Oculus Rift despite price cut By James Brightman 11 hours ago VR doesn't have to be an immersive first-person thing to add something special Paw Print Games on its mission to prove that virtual reality can enhance classic 2D gameplay with new brawler Bloody Zombies By James Batchelor 2 days ago Latest comments There are no comments on this article yet. Why not be the first to post one? Sign in to contribute Email addressPasswordSign in Need an account? Register now. Now hiring
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     Elite Server Management Launches New Range Of Low Cost Dedicated Server Options For Business   View as PDF  Print View    Elite Server Management is offering a range of low-cost managed dedicated servers, giving businesses an affordable turnkey approach to optimizing their online infrastructure. Texas, United States - May 9, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ -- Elite Server Management has introduced a new range of managed dedicated servers at ultra-competitive prices, starting out at as little as $40 a month. The company is committed to disrupting the market with scalable solutions that can fit a solopreneur or multinational conglomerate, while still delivering industry-leading performance. The Low Cost Dedicated Servers can be set up to use the client's preferred operating system, including Linux, CentOS, Windows and Ubuntu. They offer full admin control so businesses have the freedom to use their resources however they see fit, while the managed element ensures they are always optimized to operate at peak capacity. The uncapped bandwidth means using high-speed, offsite servers as a cloud-based solution is not only possible, but preferable, while the next-level security offsets any risk. The servers themselves are both high capacity and high performance, with Intel dual-core processors, up to 64GB of RAM and up to 20TB SATA Arrays, starting at just 5TB for small businesses. This flexibility also includes seamless migration not just from a previous provider, but between packages, enabling businesses to upgrade or downgrade whenever it suits them. The server management team is always on hand to manage any requests from the company, offering the ultimate in convenience for users, and delivering far more than the average cheap dedicated server. A spokesperson for Elite Server Management explained, "We are thrilled to be able to launch our new managed dedicated servers for business. We have been working on creating what we believe is the perfect package, overcoming many of the limitations and restrictions placed on affordable server packages by our competitors. We have been able to do this through industry leading expertise and innovative resource management. We are now looking to make these packages as universally available as possible, to help businesses of all scales get the best from their digital infrastructure." About Elite Server Management: Elite Server Management is a fast-growing name in the world of Dedicated Server Hosting, cPanel Server management and monitoring. Their experienced team of technical experts have designed hosting packages that deliver superior service at unmatchable prices. Be it a small business or a large-scale organization, Elite Server Management can deliver the scalable solutions needed to facilitate dynamic growth. Contact Info: Name: Robert Macmillan Email: press@eliteservermanagement.com Organization: Elite Server Management Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/elite-server-management-launches-new-range-of-low-cost-dedicated-server-options-for-business/196986 For more information, please visit http://eliteservermanagement.com/managed-dedicated-server/ Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 196986 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Craft Brewery Southern Sky Brewing Releases First Pale Ale (Wed 10th May 17) Donna Mizani Offers Chic Feminine Design Collection 100% Made in the USA (Wed 10th May 17) Raj Prem - Releases Plans To Showcase Historic Collection of Beatles Photos in India (Wed 10th May 17) Flight Navigation System Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity and Forecast 2017 to 2022 (Wed 10th May 17) Application Delivery Network (ADN) Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast to 2021 (Wed 10th May 17) Encryption Software Market 2017: Industry Research, Review, Growth, Segmentation, Key Players Analysis and Forecast to 2022 (Wed 10th May 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Elite Server Management Launches New Range Of Low Cost Dedicated Server Options For Business   View as PDF  Print View    Elite Server Management is offering a range of low-cost managed dedicated servers, giving businesses an affordable turnkey approach to optimizing their online infrastructure. Texas, United States – May 9, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ — Elite Server Management has introduced a new range of managed dedicated servers at ultra-competitive prices, starting out at as little as $40 a month. The company is committed to disrupting the market with scalable solutions that can fit a solopreneur or multinational conglomerate, while still delivering industry-leading performance. The Low Cost Dedicated Servers can be set up to use the client’s preferred operating system, including Linux, CentOS, Windows and Ubuntu. They offer full admin control so businesses have the freedom to use their resources however they see fit, while the managed element ensures they are always optimized to operate at peak capacity. The uncapped bandwidth means using high-speed, offsite servers as a cloud-based solution is not only possible, but preferable, while the next-level security offsets any risk. The servers themselves are both high capacity and high performance, with Intel dual-core processors, up to 64GB of RAM and up to 20TB SATA Arrays, starting at just 5TB for small businesses. This flexibility also includes seamless migration not just from a previous provider, but between packages, enabling businesses to upgrade or downgrade whenever it suits them. The server management team is always on hand to manage any requests from the company, offering the ultimate in convenience for users, and delivering far more than the average cheap dedicated server. A spokesperson for Elite Server Management explained, „We are thrilled to be able to launch our new managed dedicated servers for business. We have been working on creating what we believe is the perfect package, overcoming many of the limitations and restrictions placed on affordable server packages by our competitors. We have been able to do this through industry leading expertise and innovative resource management. We are now looking to make these packages as universally available as possible, to help businesses of all scales get the best from their digital infrastructure.” About Elite Server Management: Elite Server Management is a fast-growing name in the world of Dedicated Server Hosting, cPanel Server management and monitoring. Their experienced team of technical experts have designed hosting packages that deliver superior service at unmatchable prices. Be it a small business or a large-scale organization, Elite Server Management can deliver the scalable solutions needed to facilitate dynamic growth. Contact Info: Name: Robert Macmillan Email: press@eliteservermanagement.com Organization: Elite Server Management Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/elite-server-management-launches-new-range-of-low-cost-dedicated-server-options-for-business/196986 For more information, please visit http://eliteservermanagement.com/managed-dedicated-server/ Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 196986 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Samsara Luggage Launches Aluminum Smart Suitcase On Indiegogo (Tue 9th May 17) VITALI Launches Successful Kickstarter Campaign For Smart Bra (Tue 9th May 17) Foundry Labs Launches Kickstarter Campaign For Modern Desk (Tue 9th May 17) New Functional Fitness Planner Launches On Kickstarter (Tue 9th May 17) Forex Robot Updates Comparison Study With New Entries From Across The Market (Tue 9th May 17) CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Natixis Global Asset Management Canada Announces Changes to Ultra High Net Worth Series and Capital Gains Classes of Funds Next PostNext Supermicro Showcases Enterprise IT Solutions at Japan IT Week’s Data Center Expo 2017 Search Recent Posts Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Industrial valves Market Worldwide: Latest Industry Trends, Trades, Supply, Demand, Future prospects by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site » Trending: Learn Java Java 101 Java App Dev Java Toolbox Open Source Java Programming Careers Java Q&A Resources/White Papers Search javaworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Review: The 6 best JavaScript IDEs Strategy first: How to do mobile dev right NoSQL grudge match: MongoDB vs. Couchbase Server Tap the power of Google's Go language More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Core Java All Core Java Agile Development Java Concurrency Java Language Java Platform Java Security Programming Careers Testing and Debugging Enterprise Java All Enterprise Java Big Data Cloud Computing Data Analytics Development Tools Java APIs Java App Dev Java Web Development Open Source Scripting and JVM Languages Learn Java All Learn Java Design Patterns Mobile Java All Mobile Java Java Android Developers Java iOS Developers News Features How-Tos Blogs Resources/White Papers Newsletters × Close Home Core Java Java Language News Java modularity specification opposed by Red Hat, IBM is voted down It could be back to the drawing board for Oracle's modular technology plan intended to make it easier to scale Java Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Paul Krill Editor at Large, InfoWorld | May 9, 2017 5:53 AM PT Credit: Thinkstok More like this Oracle hits back at modular Java critics Red Hat and IBM raise objections to Java 9 modularization Java module system may stall platform’s next release A Java modularity specification failed to pass in a vote by Java executive committee members, leaving the future of the technology in question. The issue could hold up the planned July 27 release of Java 9, which is slated to include modularity. Balloting on Java Specification Request 376 was completed on Monday. The modular plan for Java, intended to make it easier to scale the platform, has been opposed by companies, including Red Hat and IBM. Red Hat, in particular, questioned many parts of the plan, including raising issues about potential application compatibility problems. Oracle stepped up its defense of the plan in recent days, but that was not enough to sway voters. The measure failed with a 13-to-10 vote. Voting in favor were: Azul Systems, Fujitsu Limited, Gemalto M2M GMBH, Goldman Sachs, Intel, MicroDoc, NXP Semiconductors, , Oracle, SouJava, and V2Com. Voting against were: Credit Suisse, Eclipse Foundation, Ivar Grimstad, Hazelcast, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, IBM, Werner Keil, London Java Community, Red Hat, SAP SE, Software AG, Tomitribe, and Twitter. There could be a second vote within 30 days, according to Oracle. While the company had said results of the recently concluded vote might take some time to be announced, the balloting results were posted Tuesday. Hazelcast, in comments accompanying the ballot, decried the lack of consensus on the issue. “From our point of view the lack of consensus inside the EG [Java executive group] is a dangerous sign that either not all issues are clarified the way they have to or that certain issues were marked solved from a single point of view,” Hazelcast said. Twitter said the JSR would likely be “disruptive to developers” while not providing expected benefits. This story, "Java modularity specification opposed by Red Hat, IBM is voted down" was originally published by InfoWorld. Related: Java Language Java App Dev Open Source Core Java Java 9 Oracle Red Hat Paul Krill is an editor at large at InfoWorld, whose coverage focuses on application development. Follow Recommended Eclipse, NetBeans, or IntelliJ? Choose your Java IDE OSGi at the UK's biggest science lab Android Studio for beginners: Code the app Jenkins with Docker, Part 1 Popular on JavaWorld Eclipse, NetBeans, or IntelliJ? Choose your Java IDE Find out what to look for in a Java IDE and get tips for deciding which of the top three--Eclipse,... Android Studio for beginners: Code the app Open source Java projects: Docker Swarm Newsletters Stay up to date on the latest tutorials and Java community news posted on JavaWorld Get our Enterprise Java newsletter GO Lightning fast NoSQL with Spring Data Redis Redis isn't your typical NoSQL data store, and that's exactly why it hits the sweet spot for certain... InfoWorld's 2017 Technology of the Year Award winners InfoWorld editors and reviewers pick the year's best hardware, software, development tools, and cloud... Popular Resources Go Featured Stories Oracle's Reinhold hits back at modular Java critics High-ranking Java official responds to Red Hat's comments, saying that changes need to be useful to all... Java modularity specification is voted down It could be back to the drawing board for Oracle's modular technology plan intended to make it easier... New module system may stall Java 9 Objections raised by IBM and Red Hat could delay the upgrade's release, planned for late July Review: The 6 best JavaScript IDEs WebStorm, Visual Studio 2017, Visual Studio Code, NetBeans, Komodo, and Eclipse pull out the stops for... Sponsored Links JavaWorld JavaWorld is the original independent resource for Java developers, architects, and managers. Follow us Core Java Enterprise Java Learn Java Mobile Java How-Tos Features News Blogs Resources Newsletters About Us Contact Privacy Policy Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO GameStar Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Boingo Wireless Joins MulteFire Alliance Board of Directors FREMONT, Calif. – May 9, 2017 – The MulteFire Alliance, an independent, diverse and international member-driven consortium that is defining and promoting MulteFire™, today announced that Boingo Wireless has joined CableLabs, Ericsson, Huawei, Intel, Nokia and Qualcomm on its board of directors. Boingo is a leading DAS and Wi-Fi provider with a footprint of wireless networks that reach more than 1 billion consumers annually. “Meeting industry and consumer requirements for high-bandwidth, reliable and secure wireless connectivity for the connected world requires industry collaboration and vision for how the networks of the future will be designed with MulteFire,” said Stephan Litjens, MulteFire Alliance Board Chair and vice president, Innovation Steering at Nokia. “As a global operator, Boingo brings to the Alliance board valuable expertise with Wi-Fi, cellular, and neutral host network deployments on a large scale, and will help us take MulteFire technology from published specification to real-world implementation.” Based on 3GPP standards, MulteFire is an LTE-based technology for standalone operation in unlicensed and shared spectrum. The MulteFire Release 1.0 specification, published in January 2017 to Alliance members, was made available for public download in April 2017. Alliance members are working on the Release 1.1 specification that will add further mobility enhancements and IoT optimizations, as well as certification program development. “Boingo is honored to join a prestigious group of executive board members who share a common vision for unlicensed spectrum and the role it will play in powering future connectivity,” said Derek Peterson, Ph.D., chief technology officer at Boingo and newly elected MulteFire Alliance board member. “Our experience deploying both licensed and unlicensed networks for more than 15 years will bring MulteFire unique perspective as it continues on its path to redefine next-generation mobile cellular technology.” The Alliance also welcomes seven new members, including Charter Communications, DAS Worldwide (soon to be Wave Wireless), DEKRA, Foxconn, RTX A/S, Sierra Wireless and ViaSat, adding additional diverse expertise to the Alliance’s membership base. To join the MulteFire Alliance or for more information, visit www.MulteFire.org. To see the full membership list, visit http://www.MulteFire.org/our-members/. Meet with the MulteFire Alliance at Wireless Global Congress Alliance board member, Dr. Derek Peterson, will present on “MulteFire and a Balanced Approach to Wireless,” on May 10 at 4:00 p.m. at the Wireless Global Congress in London. He will join panelists from Athonet, Intel and Nokia immediately following the presentation to discuss the opportunities and challenges for MulteFire as a new wireless connectivity solution in unlicensed and shared spectrum. In addition, as a sponsor of the Innovation Stage, the Alliance will showcase a MulteFire technology demonstration as part of the event’s Licensed and Unlicensed Technologies track. To schedule a meeting with the MulteFire Alliance during Wireless Global Congress, contact press@multefire.org. About the MulteFire Alliance The MulteFire Alliance is an international association dedicated to building a global ecosystem in support of the common interests of members, developers and users in the application of Long Term Evolution (LTE) and next generation mobile cellular technology in configurations that use unlicensed or shared radio spectrum. For more information about MulteFire technology, its benefits how to become a member of the MulteFire Alliance, please visit www.multefire.org. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Stem Cell Therapy Market in Europe-Manufacturers, Suppliers & Exports Research Report and Forecast to 2021 Next PostNext Worldwide Critical Care Therapeutics Market 2021 Report with Key Vendors, Driver, Challenges & Trends, Vendor Landscape Analysis & Forecast 2017 to 2021 Search Recent Posts Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Industrial valves Market Worldwide: Latest Industry Trends, Trades, Supply, Demand, Future prospects by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
News Deals Apps & Games Reviews Cell Phone Plans The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Galaxy S8 Android O LG G6 Nougat updates Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: McAfee antivirus software to be pre-loaded on Samsung Galaxy S8 Newsby John Callaham9 hours ago 34 617 34 If you buy a new Samsung Galaxy S8 or S8 Plus, you may notice that one of the apps that will be pre-loaded on the flagship phone is from McAfee. The company confirmed this week that its well-known security software protection product is now included with all Galaxy S8 devices. See also: Best security apps for Android April 8, 2017 Specifically, the McAfee VirusScan anti-malware technology is included with the Galaxy S8 as part of an overall deal with Samsung. In addition, the McAfee LiveSafe cross-device security software is also being pre-loaded on all new Samsung-branded PCs. Also, the McAfee Security for TV anti-malware technology is available for Samsung smart TVs in the US and Korea, with more countries to be added in the future. The specific financial terms of the McAfee-Samsung deal were not disclosed. This new agreement is one of the first to be announced by McAfee after it became a separate company once again. McAfee was first founded in 1987, but in 2011 it was acquired by Intel. In April 2017, Intel announced that McAfee will be a stand alone business once again, thanks to an investment deal with TPG Capital. Intel still owns 49 percent of McAfee. By the way, John McAfee, the original founder of the company that still bears its name, has not been involved in the business since 1994. He has since developed a reputation as a wild and crazy person with numerous run-ins with law enforcement, including his alleged involvement with a murder case in Belize. He is currently trying to sell his Android-based Privacy Phone, which he claims will be the most hack-proof smartphone ever released. News Samsung, Samsung Galaxy S8, Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus Samsung, Samsung Galaxy S8, Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus  McAfee John Callaham John was a newspaper reporter before becoming a technology and video/PC gaming writer in 2000. He lives in Greer, SC with his wife and five cats. Show 34 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel International Giveaway! 3 days ago37 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Marketfy Benzinga Pro Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse NVIDIA Announces Financial Results for First Quarter Fiscal 2018 Marketwire   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} May 09, 2017 4:20pm   Comments Share: NVIDIA Announces Financial Results for First Quarter Fiscal 2018 NVIDIA Announces Financial Results for First Quarter Fiscal 2018 SANTA CLARA, CA--(Marketwired - May 9, 2017) - NVIDIA (NASDAQ: NVDA) Revenue of $1.94 billion, up 48 percent from a year ago GAAP EPS of $0.79, up 126 percent from a year ago Non-GAAP EPS of $0.85, up 85 percent from a year ago Broad growth across all platforms NVIDIA (NASDAQ: NVDA) today reported revenue for the first quarter ended April 30, 2017, of $1.94 billion, up 48 percent from $1.30 billion a year earlier, and down 11 percent from $2.17 billion in the previous quarter. GAAP earnings per diluted share for the quarter were $0.79, up 126 percent from $0.35 a year ago and down 20 percent from $0.99 in the previous quarter. Non-GAAP earnings per diluted share were $0.85, up 85 percent from $0.46 a year earlier and down 25 percent from $1.13 in the previous quarter. "The AI revolution is moving fast and continuing to accelerate," said Jensen Huang, founder and chief executive officer of NVIDIA. "NVIDIA's GPU deep learning platform is the instrument of choice for researchers, internet giants and startups as they invent the future. "Our Datacenter GPU computing business nearly tripled from last year, as more of the world's computer scientists engage deep learning. One industry after another is awakening to the power of GPU deep learning and AI, the most important technology force of our time," he said. Capital Return For fiscal 2018, NVIDIA intends to return $1.25 billion to shareholders through ongoing quarterly cash dividends and share repurchases. During the first quarter of fiscal 2018, NVIDIA paid $82 million in cash dividends. NVIDIA will pay its next quarterly cash dividend of $0.14 per share on June 14, 2017, to all shareholders of record on May 23, 2017. Q1 FY2018 Summary GAAP ($ in millions except earnings per share)   Q1 FY18   Q4 FY17   Q1 FY17   Q/Q   Y/Y Revenue   $1,937   $2,173   $1,305   down 11%   up 48% Gross margin   59.4%   60.0%   57.5%   down 60 bps   up 190 bps Operating expenses   $596   $570   $506   up 5%   up 18% Operating income   $554   $733   $245   down 24%   up 126% Net income   $507   $655   $208   down 23%   up 144% Diluted earnings per share   $0.79   $0.99   $0.35   down 20%   up 126% Non-GAAP ($ in millions except earnings per share)   Q1 FY18   Q4 FY17   Q1 FY17   Q/Q   Y/Y Revenue   $1,937   $2,173   $1,305   down 11%   up 48% Gross margin   59.6%   60.2%   58.6%   down 60 bps   up 100 bps Operating expenses   $517   $498   $443   up 4%   up 17% Operating income   $637   $809   $322   down 21%   up 98% Net income   $533   $704   $263   down 24%   up 103% Diluted earnings per share   $0.85   $1.13   $0.46   down 25%   up 85%                                             NVIDIA's outlook for the second quarter of fiscal 2018 is as follows: Revenue is expected to be $1.95 billion, plus or minus two percent. GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins are expected to be 58.4 percent and 58.6 percent, respectively, plus or minus 50 basis points. GAAP operating expenses are expected to be approximately $605 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses are expected to be approximately $530 million. GAAP other income and expense is expected to be an expense of approximately $8 million, inclusive of additional charges from early conversions of convertible notes. Non-GAAP other income and expense is expected to be an expense of approximately $3 million. GAAP and non-GAAP tax rates for the second quarter of fiscal 2018 are both expected to be 17 percent, plus or minus one percent, excluding any discrete items. Weighted average shares used in the GAAP and non-GAAP diluted EPS calculations are dependent on the weighted average stock price during the quarter. Capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $55 million to $65 million. First Quarter Fiscal 2018 Highlights During the first quarter, NVIDIA achieved broad progress. Gaming: Announced GeForce® GTX 1080 Ti, the world's fastest gaming GPU. Announced TITAN Xp for enthusiasts and researchers requiring extreme performance. Datacenter: Announced with Microsoft that it is bringing NVIDIA® Tesla® P100 and P40 GPUs to the Azure cloud. Announced that NVIDIA Tesla accelerators designed for datacenter AI capabilities were added to Google Cloud, Tencent Cloud, IBM Cloud, and Baidu Cloud. Announced that Tokyo Institute of Technology will use NVIDIA's accelerated computing platform to create Japan's fastest AI supercomputer, TSUBAME3.0. Announced that Fujitsu is using 24 NVIDIA DGX-1™ AI systems to build a new AI supercomputer for RIKEN, Japan's largest research center. Announced together with Facebook the Caffe2 deep learning framework and Big Basin servers with Tesla P100 GPUs. Announced plans to train 100,000 developers this year, a 10x increase over 2016, through the NVIDIA Deep Learning Institute. Announced NVIDIA Jetson™ TX2, a high-performance, low-power computer platform for delivering AI at the edge, with deep learning and computer vision capabilities for robots, drones and smart cameras. Automotive: Announced with Bosch, the world's largest auto supplier, plans to create a new Bosch-branded AI self-driving car computer. Announced a collaboration with PACCAR, one of the world's largest truck makers with brands including Peterbilt, Kenworth and DAF, to develop solutions for autonomous trucks. CFO Commentary Commentary on the quarter by Colette Kress, NVIDIA's executive vice president and chief financial officer, is available at http://investor.nvidia.com/. Conference Call and Webcast Information NVIDIA will conduct a conference call with analysts and investors to discuss its first quarter fiscal 2018 financial results and current financial prospects today at 2 p.m. Pacific time (5 p.m. Eastern time). To listen to the conference call, dial (877) 223-3864 in the United States or (574) 990-1377 internationally, and provide the following conference ID: 4018413. A live webcast (listen-only mode) of the conference call will be accessible at NVIDIA's investor relations website, http://investor.nvidia.com, and at www.streetevents.com. The webcast will be recorded and available for replay until the company's conference call to discuss its financial results for its second quarter of fiscal 2018. Non-GAAP Measures To supplement NVIDIA's Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets presented in accordance with GAAP, the company uses non-GAAP measures of certain components of financial performance. These non-GAAP measures include non-GAAP gross profit, non-GAAP gross margin, non-GAAP operating expenses, non-GAAP income from operations, non-GAAP other income (expense), non-GAAP income tax expense, non-GAAP net income, non-GAAP net income, or earnings, per diluted share, non-GAAP diluted shares, revenue excluding Intel license, and free cash flow. In order for NVIDIA's investors to be better able to compare its current results with those of previous periods, the company has shown a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures. These reconciliations adjust the related GAAP financial measures to exclude stock-based compensation expense, legal settlement costs, acquisition-related costs, contributions, restructuring and other charges, gains from non-affiliated investments, interest expense related to amortization of debt discount, loss on early debt conversions, and the associated tax impact of these items, where applicable. Weighted average shares used in the non-GAAP diluted net income per share computation includes the anti-dilution impact of the company's Note Hedge. Free cash flow is calculated as GAAP net cash provided by operating activities less purchases of property and equipment and intangible assets. NVIDIA believes the presentation of its non-GAAP financial measures enhances the user's overall understanding of the company's historical financial performance. The presentation of the company's non-GAAP financial measures is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the company's financial results prepared in accordance with GAAP, and its non-GAAP measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies. Keep Current on NVIDIA Subscribe to the NVIDIA blog, follow us on Facebook, Google+, Twitter, LinkedIn and Instagram, and view NVIDIA videos on YouTube and images on Flickr.     NVIDIA CORPORATION   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME   (In millions, except per share data)   (Unaudited)                             Three Months Ended     April 30,     May 1,     2017     2016                   Revenue $ 1,937     $ 1,305   Cost of revenue   787       554   Gross profit   1,150       751   Operating expenses                 Research and development   411       346     Sales, general and administrative   185       159     Restructuring and other charges   -       1       Total operating expenses   596       506   Income from operations   554       245     Interest income   16       12     Interest expense   (16 )     (12 )   Other, net   (18 )     (4 )     Total other income (expense)   (18 )     (4 ) Income before income tax expense   536       241   Income tax expense   29       33   Net income $ 507     $ 208                   Net income per share:                 Basic $ 0.86     $ 0.39     Diluted $ 0.79     $ 0.35                   Weighted average shares used in per share computation:                 Basic   592       537     Diluted   641       599                                                         NVIDIA CORPORATION CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In millions) (Unaudited)                   April 30,   January 29,   2017   2017 ASSETS                       Current assets:             Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities $ 6,206   $ 6,798   Accounts receivable, net   976     826   Inventories   821     794   Prepaid expenses and other current assets   113     118     Total current assets   8,116     8,536             Property and equipment, net   539     521 Goodwill   618     618 Intangible assets, net   90     104 Other assets   47     62     Total assets $ 9,410   $ 9,841             LIABILITIES, CONVERTIBLE DEBT CONVERSION OBLIGATION AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY             Current liabilities:             Accounts payable $ 348   $ 485   Accrued and other current liabilities   420     507   Convertible short-term debt   215     796     Total current liabilities   983     1,788             Long-term debt   1,984     1,983 Other long-term liabilities   300     271 Capital lease obligations, long-term   4     6     Total liabilities   3,271     4,048             Convertible debt conversion obligation   7     31             Shareholders' equity   6,132     5,762     Total liabilities, convertible debt conversion obligation and shareholders' equity $ 9,410   $ 9,841                                                 NVIDIA CORPORATION   RECONCILIATION OF GAAP TO NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES   (In millions, except per share data)   (Unaudited)                       Three Months Ended     April 30,     January 29,     May 1,     2017     2017     2016                           GAAP gross profit $ 1,150     $ 1,303     $ 751     GAAP gross margin   59.4 %     60.0 %     57.5 %   Stock-based compensation expense (A)   4       4       4     Legal settlement costs   -       -       10   Non-GAAP gross profit $ 1,154     $ 1,307     $ 765     Non-GAAP gross margin   59.6 %     60.2 %     58.6 %                         GAAP operating expenses $ 596     $ 570     $ 506     Stock-based compensation expense (A)   (73 )     (68 )     (49 )   Legal settlement costs   -       -       (6 )   Acquisition-related costs (B)   (4 )     (4 )     (4 )   Contributions   (2 )     -       (3 )   Restructuring and other charges   -       -       (1 ) Non-GAAP operating expenses $ 517     $ 498     $ 443                           GAAP income from operations $ 554     $ 733     $ 245     Total impact of non-GAAP adjustments to income from operations   83       76       77   Non-GAAP income from operations $ 637     $ 809     $ 322                           GAAP other income (expense) $ (18 )   $ (7 )   $ (4 )   Gains from non-affiliated investments   -       (1 )     (3 )   Interest expense related to amortization of debt discount   2       4       7     Loss on early debt conversions   14       6       -   Non-GAAP other income (expense) $ (2 )   $ 2     $ -                           GAAP net income $ 507     $ 655     $ 208     Total pre-tax impact of non-GAAP adjustments   99       85       81     Income tax impact of non-GAAP adjustments   (73 )     (36 )     (26 ) Non-GAAP net income $ 533     $ 704     $ 263                           Diluted net income per share                         GAAP $ 0.79     $ 0.99     $ 0.35     Non-GAAP $ 0.85     $ 1.13     $ 0.46                           Weighted average shares used in diluted net income per share computation                         GAAP   641       660       599     Anti-dilution impact from note hedge (C)   (14 )     (36 )     (29 )   Non-GAAP   627       624       570                           GAAP revenue $ 1,937     $ 2,173     $ 1,305     Revenue from Intel license   (43 )     (66 )     (66 ) Revenue excluding Intel license $ 1,894     $ 2,107     $ 1,239                           GAAP net cash provided by operating activities $ 282     $ 721     $ 318     Purchase of property and equipment and intangible assets   (53 )     (52 )     (55 ) Free cash flow $ 229     $ 669     $ 263                           (A) Excludes stock-based compensation as follows: Three Months Ended     April 30,     January 29,     May 1,     2017     2017     2016     Cost of revenue $ 4     $ 4     $ 4     Research and development $ 41     $ 40     $ 29     Sales, general and administrative $ 31     $ 27     $ 20                           (B) Consists of amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets and compensation charges.                           (C) Represents the number of shares that would be delivered upon conversion of the currently outstanding 1.00% Convertible Senior Notes Due 2018. Under GAAP, shares delivered in hedge transactions are not considered offsetting shares in the fully diluted share calculation until actually delivered.           NVIDIA CORPORATION   RECONCILIATION OF GAAP TO NON-GAAP OUTLOOK           Q2 FY2018 Outlook           GAAP gross margin   58.4 %   Impact of stock-based compensation expense   0.2 % Non-GAAP gross margin   58.6 %           Q2 FY2018 Outlook     (In millions)           GAAP operating expenses $ 605     Stock-based compensation expense, acquisition-related costs, and other costs   (75 ) Non-GAAP operating expenses $ 530         Q2 FY2018 Outlook     (In millions)           GAAP other income (expense) $ (8 )   Loss on early debt conversions and interest expense related to amortization of debt discount   5   Non-GAAP other income (expense) $ (3 )         About NVIDIA NVIDIA's (NASDAQ: NVDA) invention of the GPU in 1999 sparked the growth of the PC gaming market, redefined modern computer graphics and revolutionized parallel computing. More recently, GPU deep learning ignited modern AI -- the next era of computing -- with the GPU acting as the brain of computers, robots and self-driving cars that can perceive and understand the world. More information at http://nvidianews.nvidia.com/. Certain statements in this press release including, but not limited to statements as to: the AI revolution continuing to accelerate; AI being the most important technology force of our time; the company's intended capital return for fiscal 2018; the company's next quarterly cash dividend; the company's financial outlook for the second quarter of fiscal 2018; the company's tax rates for the second quarter of fiscal 2018; and the impact and benefits of NVIDIA Tesla GPUs, NVIDIA's accelerated computing platform, NVIDIA DGX-1 AI systems, NVIDIA Jetson TX2, and partnerships with Bosch and PACCAR; and intended training of 100,000 developers this year through the NVIDIA Deep Learning Institute are forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause results to be materially different than expectations. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include: global economic conditions; our reliance on third parties to manufacture, assemble, package and test our products; the impact of technological development and competition; development of new products and technologies or enhancements to our existing product and technologies; market acceptance of our products or our partners' products; design, manufacturing or software defects; changes in consumer preferences or demands; changes in industry standards and interfaces; unexpected loss of performance of our products or technologies when integrated into systems; as well as other factors detailed from time to time in the reports NVIDIA files with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, including its Form 10-K for the fiscal period ended January 29, 2017. Copies of reports filed with the SEC are posted on the company's website and are available from NVIDIA without charge. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and speak only as of the date hereof, and, except as required by law, NVIDIA disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances. © 2017 NVIDIA Corporation. All rights reserved. NVIDIA, the NVIDIA logo, GeForce, Tesla, NVIDIA DGX-1 and Jetson are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of NVIDIA Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Other company and product names may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated. Features, pricing, availability, and specifications are subject to change without notice. For further information, contact: Shawn Simmons Investor Relations NVIDIA Corporation (408) 566-5784 ssimmons@nvidia.com Robert Sherbin Corporate Communications NVIDIA Corporation (408) 566-5150 rsherbin@nvidia.com View Comments and Join the Discussion!   View the discussion thread. Trending Recent 1 NWL, AXSM: 20 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 BRK-B, TWTR: Jim Cramer On IBM's Future After Buffett Cut Stake 3 GNRT, ENDP: 25 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 4 DGII, MAR: 10 Stocks To Watch For May 8, 2017 5 CBI, JD: Earnings Scheduled For May 8, 2017 6 XRAY, DIS: 12 Stocks To Watch For Ma... 7 WOOF, CAT: One Year Later:... 1 XLE, XOP: Optimism Gushes Forth: Oil's Q1 Earnings Roundup 2 ZYNE: Catalysts Growing Like Weeds For Zynerba Next Quarter 3 P: Strategic Alternative Review Not Enough To Push Nomura Bullish On P... 4 FIZZ, DPS: Detroit Entrepreneur Launches Superinfused Beverages As A... 5 GIMO, ZAYO: Ira Sohn 2017 Conference: Everything You Need To Know 6 DF, SCYX: Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Crude Oil D... 7 GPRO, JCP: JC Penney Tops This Week's... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog Syndication In the News Careers Service Status Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Patterning Material Market Key Growth Factors and Industry Analysis 2016 – 2024 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 05/09/2017 — The global market for patterning materials is poised to register a steady growth rate over the course of the forecast period, fueled by the numerous applications they are used in. The emerging, yet highly lucrative, market for nanodevices is a key factor boosting the demand for patterning materials, along with an expanding integrated circuit market. The report identifies the major driving and restraining forces that impact the patterning materials market and offers sharp insights on its growth trajectory over the coming years. The main geographical markets have been highlighted and the trends that govern these regional markets have also been discussed at length. In a detailed section on the competitive landscape, the leading companies have been profiled, with a focus on their strengths and weaknesses, product portfolio, financial standing, and recent developments. Obtain Report Details @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/patterning-material-market.html Global Patterning Material Market: Drivers and Restraints The adoption of several development strategies on the part of market players has significantly benefited the patterning material market and an increasing number of companies have been focusing their resources on new technology or product development as well as expansions in smaller companies. A case in point would be Corvallis startup Inpria Corporation, who received a whopping US$7.3 mn investment from Samsung Venture Investment Corp., Intel Capital, and Applied Ventures in 2014. The emergence of nanotechnology, brought on by the increasing demand for miniaturized components in electronics, is a major trend observed in the semiconductors industry and this is a key factor boosting the demand for patterning technology, materials, and instruments. The patterning material market is also driven by technological advancements, a booming integrated circuit market, and a rise in the number of end-use industries. Players are likely to make the most of the opportunities presented by emerging economies where the demand for electronics such as tablets, smartphones, and laptops is rather strong. On the down side, however, costs incurred during the lithography process is likely to create a roadblock for many. Fill the form for an exclusive sample of this report @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=7715 Global Patterning Material Market: Regional Outlook The global market for patterning materials has been geographically segmented to include Latin America, North America, the Middle East and Africa, Asia Pacific, and Europe. North America accounts for a significant share in the worldwide market, fueled primarily by the U.S. A massive end-use application base in the country is the main reason behind its strong growth. The patterning materials market in Europe is expected to register a sluggish growth rate on account of the current Eurozone economic crisis that has disrupted the region. Asia Pacific is a strong contender in the global market and is expected to exhibit rapid growth over the coming years. Countries such as China, New Zealand, Japan, Malaysia, Taiwan, India, Australia, South Korea, Vietnam, and Indonesia are some of the major markets in Asia Pacific thanks to thriving electronics, semiconductor, and packaging sectors Companies mentioned in the report Tokyo Ohka Kogyo Co., Ltd. (Japan), JSR Micro, Inc. (U.S.), Shin-Etsu Chemical Co., Ltd. (Japan), The Dow Chemical Company (U.S.), Honeywell Electronic Materials, Inc. (U.S.), Merck KGaA (Germany), Brewer Science, Inc. (U.S.), DongjinSemichem Co., Ltd. (China), Applied Materials, Inc. (U.S.), Sumitomo Chemicals Co., Ltd. (Japan), and Microchem Corporation (U.S.) are some of the prominent companies operating in the patterning material market. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious GuideSpark to Highlight Compensation Communication Best Practices at WorldatWork Total Rewards 2017 Conference Next PostNext Juniper Networks Announces Date and Webcast Information for Upcoming Investor Conference in May 2017 Search Recent Posts Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Industrial valves Market Worldwide: Latest Industry Trends, Trades, Supply, Demand, Future prospects by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi $26 Billion AR & VR Smartglasses and Functional Contact Lenses Market 2017 - Projections to 2027 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 09 May, 2017, 16:45 ET Share this article DUBLIN, May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "AR & VR Smartglasses and Functional Contact Lenses 2017-2027" report to their offering. This new report is focused on how the market for AR and VR headsets is going to evolve in the next decade, based on the exciting research and developments efforts of recent years along with the high visibility some projects and collaborations have enjoyed. The amount of visibility this space is experiencing is exciting developers of a range of allied technologies into fast-tracking/focusing their efforts, as well as creating devices and components designed specifically to serve this emerging industry: microdisplays, optical engines and haptic feedback components are some of the main components that are seeing significant growth alongside the growth in interest in augmented and virtual reality. Some of the newest headsets that have ignited interest in smart eyewear are going above and beyond the conventional definition of a smart object; they are in effect, portable, wearable computers with a host of functionalities, specially designed apps etc. that add new ways for the wearer to interact with the world along with smartphone capabilities, health tracking options and many other features. The features of some of the more advanced devices have been based on and have sparked worldwide innovation efforts aiming to create an ecosystem of components that will enable what is bound to be a revolution in form factor for wearables. Wearable sensors, innovative user interfaces, but also near-eye displays and optics as well as energy storage devices that represent some of the examples of technology tool kits that are evolving and improving in performance. They are hence constituting the pieces that are falling into place in order to enable new functionalities and form factors, both necessary to create products as innovative as near-eye and on-eye computers. The report includes insight into how different entities are addressing these challenges: developments such as foveated rendering and focus tunable displays, efforts in increasing FOV while keeping display resolution high in order to improve the immersiveness of the VR experience or the seamless integration of an AR layer of information. In addition, company and research activities in the space for smart glasses as well as company profiles of players actively involved in this space, concluding with market forecasts for both AR and VR headsets for the next decade. Key Topics Covered: 1. EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 1.1. Virtual and augmented reality: the beginning 1.2. Motion blur explained 1.3. The key elements of presence in VR 1.4. The rise of augmented reality 1.5. Pokémon Go: The first "killer app" for AR 1.6. Categories of AR and VR headsets 1.7. Applications for VR headsets: Social apps & VR cafes 1.8. Applications for AR headsets: Niche B2C & social AR emerging 1.9. Display requirements for AR & VR 1.10. Innovation in head mounted displays: Projecting virtual content in multiple focal planes 1.11. Innovation in head mounted displays: Foveated image rendering 1.12. Haptics in mainstream VR today 1.13. Market forecasts for AR & VR: Volumes 1.14. Market forecasts for AR & VR: Value 2. INTRODUCTION 2.1. Introduction: electronic functionality in eyewear 2.2. Nomenclature in the smart eyewear world: virtual (VR) and augmented (AR) reality 2.3. Nomenclature in the smart eyewear world: variations of AR and VR 2.4. Some examples of AR and VR headsets by category 2.5. Functional (Smart) contact lenses 2.6. Applications for smart eyewear- addressing the B2B and B2C markets 2.7. Applications of AR & VR 2.8. Applications for smart eyewear - design 2.9. Applications for smart eyewear - medical 2.10. Applications for smart eyewear - collaboration 2.11. Development work: areas of focus 2.12. Development work: displays and optics, user interfaces 2.13. Development work: focus tunable & foveated displays 2.14. Development work in functional contact lenses 3. AR & VR DEVICES 3.1. AR headsets 3.2. Microsoft Hololens 3.3. Meta 2 3.4. Kopin Solos 3.5. Kopin Golden-i 3.8D 3.6. Epson Moverio BT-300 3.7. Epson Moverio Pro BT-2000 3.8. Atheer Labs, AiR Glasses 3.9. ODG R8 3.10. ODG R9 3.11. ODG R7 3.12. DAQRI Smart Helmet 3.13. DAQRI Smart Glasses 3.14. Brother 3.15. Cinoptics 3.16. Penny C-Wear 30 3.17. Lumus DK50 3.18. Evena 3.19. Vuzix M100 and M300 3.20. IMMY NEO iC 60 3.21. Oakley Radar Pace 3.22. OrCam MyEye 3.23. Snapchat Spectacles 3.24. Google Glass 3.25. Picavi - A Google partner example 3.26. Magic Leap 3.27. Avegant 3.28. VR headsets 3.29. PC VR 3.30. Oculus Rift CV1 3.31. Sony Playstation VR 3.32. HTC Vive 3.33. Avegant Glyph 3.34. Windows 10 compatible VR headsets 3.35. Some Windows 10 compatible VR headset designs unveiled 3.36. Standalone VR 3.37. Royole X & Royole Moon: portable theatres by Royole 3.38. Alcatel Vision 3.39. Upcoming Standalone VR merging with AR: Intel Alloy - Sulon q 3.40. Mobile VR 3.41. Samsung Gear VR 3.42. Google Daydream View 3.43. Zeiss VR One Plus 3.44. Alcatel VR15 3.45. Non-electronic VR 3.46. Google Cardboard 3.47. Google Cardboard and other non-electronic headsets 3.48. Discussion: the first wave of VR products and the VR experience 4. DISPLAYS AND MICRODISPLAYS 4.1. Displays and Microdisplays for AR & VR 4.2. Head mounted displays for VR headsets 4.3. Microdisplays for VR? 4.4. Head mounted displays for AR headsets - microdisplays 4.5. Transmissive LCDs 4.6. Liquid Crystal on Silicon (LCoS) microdisplays 4.7. Liquid Crystal on Silicon (LCoS) microdisplays - operating principle 4.8. Liquid Crystal on Silicon (LCoS) microdisplays - generating color in a three-panel configuration 4.9. Liquid Crystal on Silicon (LCoS) microdisplays - generating color in a single-panel configuration 4.10. Digital Light Processing (DLP) - Digital Micromirror Device (DMD) 4.11. microOLED 4.12. Emerging options: microLEDs 4.13. Technology suppliers 4.14. Microdisplay technologies: comparative summary 4.15. Microdisplay technologies: investment & acquisitions 4.16. Microdisplay technologies: comparison discussion 4.17. Microdisplay technologies: incumbent vs emerging options 4.18. Microdisplays: the future of micro-OLED 4.19. Microdisplays: will micro-LED win in the longterm? 5. OPTICAL ENGINES 5.1. Optical engines in near eye computing - purpose 5.2. Optical engines for AR headsets: I want it all! 5.3. Pupil forming and non-pupil forming optical engines 5.4. Optical engines for AR & VR headsets 5.5. Magnifier architectures: Rift, Vive and Playstation VR 5.6. Immersion displays: Magnifier architectures 5.7. Immersion displays: Virtual retina display 5.8. See through displays: combiners 5.9. See through displays: waveguides & lightguides 5.10. See through displays: other approaches - IMMY - Olympus 5.11. See through displays: other approaches 5.12. Field of View for different headsets 5.13. Achieving high angular resolution 5.14. FOV vs. resolution 5.15. FOV vs. resolution in AR & VR 5.16. Innovation in AR and VR: the conflict of accommodation and vergence 5.17. Innovation in AR and VR: Resolving the Vergence-Accommodation Conflict in Head Mounted Displays 5.18. Monovision vs. focus-tunable displays 5.19. Deep Optics: dynamically focus-tunable displays 5.20. Innovation in AR and VR: Addressing the conflict of accommodation and Vergence - the concept of focus tunable displays 5.21. Innovation in AR and VR: addressing the conflict of accommodation and Vergence - the concept of foveated rendering 5.22. Innovation in AR and VR: eye tracking & foveated rendering SMI 5.23. Innovation in AR and VR: eye tracking & foveated rendering Nvidia 5.24. Innovation in AR and VR: eye tracking & foveated rendering Fove - QiVARI 5.25. Innovation in AR and VR: eye tracking & foveated rendering Tobii - The Eye Tribe 6. HAPTICS IN VR 6.1. Case Study: Haptics in VR 6.2. Stimulating the senses: Sight, sound, touch and beyond 6.3. Haptics in mainstream VR today 6.4. Categories for the technology today 6.5. Haptics in controllers: inertial and surface actuation 6.6. Example: Surface actuation on a controller 6.7. Motion simulators and vehicles: established platforms 6.8. New motion simulators are still used to show off VR 6.9. Examples: personal VR motion simulators and vehicles 6.10. Wearable haptic interfaces 6.11. Wearable haptic interfaces - rings 6.12. Commercial examples: GoTouchVR 6.13. Wearable haptic interfaces - gloves 6.14. Examples: Virtuix, NeuroDigital Technologies 6.15. Wearable haptic interfaces - shoes 6.16. Commercial examples: Nidec, CEREVO, and others 6.17. Wearable haptic interfaces - harnesses and apparel 6.18. Wearable haptic interfaces - exoskeletons 6.19. Commercial examples: Dexta Robotics 6.20. Kinaesthetic haptics 6.21. Kinaesthetic devices: types and process flow 6.22. Exoskeletons 6.23. Manipulandums 6.24. FundamentalVR - haptics for training surgeons in VR 6.25. Robotics: Hacking existing platforms to build kinaesthetic haptics 6.26. The case for contactless haptics in VR 6.27. Forecast: Haptics in VR & AR by haptic technology 6.28. Related topic: Power-assist exoskeletons and apparel 6.29. Power assist exoskeletons 6.30. The relationship between assistive devices and kinaesthetic haptics 6.31. Example: Ekso Bionics 6.32. Power assist suits - UPR 6.33. Power assist apparel - Superflex 6.34. Geographical and market trends 7. POWER 7.1. Initial observations on energy storage for smart eyewear 7.2. Size reduction strategies for energy storage devices 7.3. Existing shapes: thin film and coin cell batteries 7.4. Energy storage fit for purpose: Kopin- Hitachi Maxell 7.5. Energy storage design: effect of packaging 8. MARKET FORECASTS 2017-2027 8.1. Market forecasts for AR & VR: Volumes 8.2. Market forecasts for VR: VR will plateau 2022 onwards 8.3. What markets will follow the gaming market's growth? Social VR C& VR cafes 8.4. Market forecasts for AR: Growth from 2020 onwards 8.5. OLED microdisplays for VR: Facilitating the transition to VR-capable AR headsets 8.6. Market forecasts for AR & VR: Value 8.7. Pricing evolution in different AR & VR headsets 8.8. Market forecasts for AR & VR: Headset market value 9. COMPANY PROFILES 9.1. Atheer Labs 9.2. Avegant 9.3. Dispelix 9.4. FlexEl, LLC 9.5. HAP2U 9.6. Immersion Corporation 9.7. Imprint Energy, Inc 9.8. Jenax 9.9. Kopin Corporation 9.10. MicroOLED 9.11. mLED 9.12. Nidec Motor Corporation 9.13. Novasentis 9.14. Oculus 9.15. Optinvent 9.16. Ostendo Technologies 9.17. Osterhout Design Group 9.18. Ricoh 9.19. Royole Corporation 9.20. Seiko Epson Corporation 9.21. Sony Europe (SES) 9.22. Syndiant 9.23. Vuzix For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/zwm7z5/ar_and_vr Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/26-billion-ar--vr-smartglasses-and-functional-contact-lenses-market-2017---projections-to-2027---research-and-markets-300454215.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 09 May, 2017, 17:00 ET Preview: Global Therapeutic Drug Monitoring Technologies, Markets, and Companies Report 2017-2026 Featuring Agilent, Alfa Wassermann, Beckman Coulter, bioMerieux, Randox & Siemens - Research and Markets 09 May, 2017, 16:30 ET Preview: Asia Proton Therapy Market Report 2017: Patients Treated, List of Proton Therapy Centers and Forecast to 2022 - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 09 May, 2017, 19:15 ET Research and Markets - Global Energy Management System Market,... 09 May, 2017, 19:15 ET Global $17.87 Billion Telemedicine Market Outlook 2016-2022:... Explore More news releases in similar topics Consumer Electronics Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: $26 Billion AR & VR Smartglasses and Functional Contact Lenses Market 2017 - Projections to 2027 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 09 May, 2017, 16:45 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman NVIDIA Announces Financial Results for First Quarter Fiscal 2018 SANTA CLARA, CA–(Marketwired – May 9, 2017) – NVIDIA (NASDAQ: NVDA) Revenue of $1.94 billion, up 48 percent from a year ago GAAP EPS of $0.79, up 126 percent from a year ago Non-GAAP EPS of $0.85, up 85 percent from a year ago Broad growth across all platforms NVIDIA (NASDAQ: NVDA) today reported revenue for the first quarter ended April 30, 2017, of $1.94 billion, up 48 percent from $1.30 billion a year earlier, and down 11 percent from $2.17 billion in the previous quarter. GAAP earnings per diluted share for the quarter were $0.79, up 126 percent from $0.35 a year ago and down 20 percent from $0.99 in the previous quarter. Non-GAAP earnings per diluted share were $0.85, up 85 percent from $0.46 a year earlier and down 25 percent from $1.13 in the previous quarter. „The AI revolution is moving fast and continuing to accelerate,” said Jensen Huang, founder and chief executive officer of NVIDIA. „NVIDIA’s GPU deep learning platform is the instrument of choice for researchers, internet giants and startups as they invent the future. „Our Datacenter GPU computing business nearly tripled from last year, as more of the world’s computer scientists engage deep learning. One industry after another is awakening to the power of GPU deep learning and AI, the most important technology force of our time,” he said. Capital Return For fiscal 2018, NVIDIA intends to return $1.25 billion to shareholders through ongoing quarterly cash dividends and share repurchases. During the first quarter of fiscal 2018, NVIDIA paid $82 million in cash dividends. NVIDIA will pay its next quarterly cash dividend of $0.14 per share on June 14, 2017, to all shareholders of record on May 23, 2017. Q1 FY2018 Summary GAAP ($ in millions except earnings per share)   Q1 FY18   Q4 FY17   Q1 FY17   Q/Q   Y/Y Revenue   $1,937   $2,173   $1,305   down 11%   up 48% Gross margin   59.4%   60.0%   57.5%   down 60 bps   up 190 bps Operating expenses   $596   $570   $506   up 5%   up 18% Operating income   $554   $733   $245   down 24%   up 126% Net income   $507   $655   $208   down 23%   up 144% Diluted earnings per share   $0.79   $0.99   $0.35   down 20%   up 126% Non-GAAP ($ in millions except earnings per share)   Q1 FY18   Q4 FY17   Q1 FY17   Q/Q   Y/Y Revenue   $1,937   $2,173   $1,305   down 11%   up 48% Gross margin   59.6%   60.2%   58.6%   down 60 bps   up 100 bps Operating expenses   $517   $498   $443   up 4%   up 17% Operating income   $637   $809   $322   down 21%   up 98% Net income   $533   $704   $263   down 24%   up 103% Diluted earnings per share   $0.85   $1.13   $0.46   down 25%   up 85%                                             NVIDIA’s outlook for the second quarter of fiscal 2018 is as follows: Revenue is expected to be $1.95 billion, plus or minus two percent. GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins are expected to be 58.4 percent and 58.6 percent, respectively, plus or minus 50 basis points. GAAP operating expenses are expected to be approximately $605 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses are expected to be approximately $530 million. GAAP other income and expense is expected to be an expense of approximately $8 million, inclusive of additional charges from early conversions of convertible notes. Non-GAAP other income and expense is expected to be an expense of approximately $3 million. GAAP and non-GAAP tax rates for the second quarter of fiscal 2018 are both expected to be 17 percent, plus or minus one percent, excluding any discrete items. Weighted average shares used in the GAAP and non-GAAP diluted EPS calculations are dependent on the weighted average stock price during the quarter. Capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $55 million to $65 million. First Quarter Fiscal 2018 Highlights During the first quarter, NVIDIA achieved broad progress. Gaming: Announced GeForce® GTX 1080 Ti, the world’s fastest gaming GPU. Announced TITAN Xp for enthusiasts and researchers requiring extreme performance. Datacenter: Announced with Microsoft that it is bringing NVIDIA® Tesla® P100 and P40 GPUs to the Azure cloud. Announced that NVIDIA Tesla accelerators designed for datacenter AI capabilities were added to Google Cloud, Tencent Cloud, IBM Cloud, and Baidu Cloud. Announced that Tokyo Institute of Technology will use NVIDIA’s accelerated computing platform to create Japan’s fastest AI supercomputer, TSUBAME3.0. Announced that Fujitsu is using 24 NVIDIA DGX-1™ AI systems to build a new AI supercomputer for RIKEN, Japan’s largest research center. Announced together with Facebook the Caffe2 deep learning framework and Big Basin servers with Tesla P100 GPUs. Announced plans to train 100,000 developers this year, a 10x increase over 2016, through the NVIDIA Deep Learning Institute. Announced NVIDIA Jetson™ TX2, a high-performance, low-power computer platform for delivering AI at the edge, with deep learning and computer vision capabilities for robots, drones and smart cameras. Automotive: Announced with Bosch, the world’s largest auto supplier, plans to create a new Bosch-branded AI self-driving car computer. Announced a collaboration with PACCAR, one of the world’s largest truck makers with brands including Peterbilt, Kenworth and DAF, to develop solutions for autonomous trucks. CFO Commentary Commentary on the quarter by Colette Kress, NVIDIA’s executive vice president and chief financial officer, is available at http://investor.nvidia.com/. Conference Call and Webcast Information NVIDIA will conduct a conference call with analysts and investors to discuss its first quarter fiscal 2018 financial results and current financial prospects today at 2 p.m. Pacific time (5 p.m. Eastern time). To listen to the conference call, dial (877) 223-3864 in the United States or (574) 990-1377 internationally, and provide the following conference ID: 4018413. A live webcast (listen-only mode) of the conference call will be accessible at NVIDIA’s investor relations website, http://investor.nvidia.com, and at www.streetevents.com. The webcast will be recorded and available for replay until the company’s conference call to discuss its financial results for its second quarter of fiscal 2018. Non-GAAP Measures To supplement NVIDIA’s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets presented in accordance with GAAP, the company uses non-GAAP measures of certain components of financial performance. These non-GAAP measures include non-GAAP gross profit, non-GAAP gross margin, non-GAAP operating expenses, non-GAAP income from operations, non-GAAP other income (expense), non-GAAP income tax expense, non-GAAP net income, non-GAAP net income, or earnings, per diluted share, non-GAAP diluted shares, revenue excluding Intel license, and free cash flow. In order for NVIDIA’s investors to be better able to compare its current results with those of previous periods, the company has shown a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures. These reconciliations adjust the related GAAP financial measures to exclude stock-based compensation expense, legal settlement costs, acquisition-related costs, contributions, restructuring and other charges, gains from non-affiliated investments, interest expense related to amortization of debt discount, loss on early debt conversions, and the associated tax impact of these items, where applicable. Weighted average shares used in the non-GAAP diluted net income per share computation includes the anti-dilution impact of the company’s Note Hedge. Free cash flow is calculated as GAAP net cash provided by operating activities less purchases of property and equipment and intangible assets. NVIDIA believes the presentation of its non-GAAP financial measures enhances the user’s overall understanding of the company’s historical financial performance. The presentation of the company’s non-GAAP financial measures is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the company’s financial results prepared in accordance with GAAP, and its non-GAAP measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies. Keep Current on NVIDIA Subscribe to the NVIDIA blog, follow us on Facebook, Google+, Twitter, LinkedIn and Instagram, and view NVIDIA videos on YouTube and images on Flickr.     NVIDIA CORPORATION   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME   (In millions, except per share data)   (Unaudited)                             Three Months Ended     April 30,     May 1,     2017     2016                   Revenue $ 1,937     $ 1,305   Cost of revenue   787       554   Gross profit   1,150       751   Operating expenses                 Research and development   411       346     Sales, general and administrative   185       159     Restructuring and other charges   –       1       Total operating expenses   596       506   Income from operations   554       245     Interest income   16       12     Interest expense   (16 )     (12 )   Other, net   (18 )     (4 )     Total other income (expense)   (18 )     (4 ) Income before income tax expense   536       241   Income tax expense   29       33   Net income $ 507     $ 208                   Net income per share:                 Basic $ 0.86     $ 0.39     Diluted $ 0.79     $ 0.35                   Weighted average shares used in per share computation:                 Basic   592       537     Diluted   641       599                                                         NVIDIA CORPORATION CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In millions) (Unaudited)                   April 30,   January 29,   2017   2017 ASSETS                       Current assets:             Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities $ 6,206   $ 6,798   Accounts receivable, net   976     826   Inventories   821     794   Prepaid expenses and other current assets   113     118     Total current assets   8,116     8,536             Property and equipment, net   539     521 Goodwill   618     618 Intangible assets, net   90     104 Other assets   47     62     Total assets $ 9,410   $ 9,841             LIABILITIES, CONVERTIBLE DEBT CONVERSION OBLIGATION AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY             Current liabilities:             Accounts payable $ 348   $ 485   Accrued and other current liabilities   420     507   Convertible short-term debt   215     796     Total current liabilities   983     1,788             Long-term debt   1,984     1,983 Other long-term liabilities   300     271 Capital lease obligations, long-term   4     6     Total liabilities   3,271     4,048             Convertible debt conversion obligation   7     31             Shareholders’ equity   6,132     5,762     Total liabilities, convertible debt conversion obligation and shareholders’ equity $ 9,410   $ 9,841                                                 NVIDIA CORPORATION   RECONCILIATION OF GAAP TO NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES   (In millions, except per share data)   (Unaudited)                       Three Months Ended     April 30,     January 29,     May 1,     2017     2017     2016                           GAAP gross profit $ 1,150     $ 1,303     $ 751     GAAP gross margin   59.4 %     60.0 %     57.5 %   Stock-based compensation expense (A)   4       4       4     Legal settlement costs   –       –       10   Non-GAAP gross profit $ 1,154     $ 1,307     $ 765     Non-GAAP gross margin   59.6 %     60.2 %     58.6 %                         GAAP operating expenses $ 596     $ 570     $ 506     Stock-based compensation expense (A)   (73 )     (68 )     (49 )   Legal settlement costs   –       –       (6 )   Acquisition-related costs (B)   (4 )     (4 )     (4 )   Contributions   (2 )     –       (3 )   Restructuring and other charges   –       –       (1 ) Non-GAAP operating expenses $ 517     $ 498     $ 443                           GAAP income from operations $ 554     $ 733     $ 245     Total impact of non-GAAP adjustments to income from operations   83       76       77   Non-GAAP income from operations $ 637     $ 809     $ 322                           GAAP other income (expense) $ (18 )   $ (7 )   $ (4 )   Gains from non-affiliated investments   –       (1 )     (3 )   Interest expense related to amortization of debt discount   2       4       7     Loss on early debt conversions   14       6       –   Non-GAAP other income (expense) $ (2 )   $ 2     $ –                           GAAP net income $ 507     $ 655     $ 208     Total pre-tax impact of non-GAAP adjustments   99       85       81     Income tax impact of non-GAAP adjustments   (73 )     (36 )     (26 ) Non-GAAP net income $ 533     $ 704     $ 263                           Diluted net income per share                         GAAP $ 0.79     $ 0.99     $ 0.35     Non-GAAP $ 0.85     $ 1.13     $ 0.46                           Weighted average shares used in diluted net income per share computation                         GAAP   641       660       599     Anti-dilution impact from note hedge (C)   (14 )     (36 )     (29 )   Non-GAAP   627       624       570                           GAAP revenue $ 1,937     $ 2,173     $ 1,305     Revenue from Intel license   (43 )     (66 )     (66 ) Revenue excluding Intel license $ 1,894     $ 2,107     $ 1,239                           GAAP net cash provided by operating activities $ 282     $ 721     $ 318     Purchase of property and equipment and intangible assets   (53 )     (52 )     (55 ) Free cash flow $ 229     $ 669     $ 263                           (A) Excludes stock-based compensation as follows: Three Months Ended     April 30,     January 29,     May 1,     2017     2017     2016     Cost of revenue $ 4     $ 4     $ 4     Research and development $ 41     $ 40     $ 29     Sales, general and administrative $ 31     $ 27     $ 20                           (B) Consists of amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets and compensation charges.                           (C) Represents the number of shares that would be delivered upon conversion of the currently outstanding 1.00% Convertible Senior Notes Due 2018. Under GAAP, shares delivered in hedge transactions are not considered offsetting shares in the fully diluted share calculation until actually delivered.           NVIDIA CORPORATION   RECONCILIATION OF GAAP TO NON-GAAP OUTLOOK           Q2 FY2018 Outlook           GAAP gross margin   58.4 %   Impact of stock-based compensation expense   0.2 % Non-GAAP gross margin   58.6 %           Q2 FY2018 Outlook     (In millions)           GAAP operating expenses $ 605     Stock-based compensation expense, acquisition-related costs, and other costs   (75 ) Non-GAAP operating expenses $ 530         Q2 FY2018 Outlook     (In millions)           GAAP other income (expense) $ (8 )   Loss on early debt conversions and interest expense related to amortization of debt discount   5   Non-GAAP other income (expense) $ (3 )         About NVIDIA NVIDIA‚s (NASDAQ: NVDA) invention of the GPU in 1999 sparked the growth of the PC gaming market, redefined modern computer graphics and revolutionized parallel computing. More recently, GPU deep learning ignited modern AI — the next era of computing — with the GPU acting as the brain of computers, robots and self-driving cars that can perceive and understand the world. More information at http://nvidianews.nvidia.com/. Certain statements in this press release including, but not limited to statements as to: the AI revolution continuing to accelerate; AI being the most important technology force of our time; the company’s intended capital return for fiscal 2018; the company’s next quarterly cash dividend; the company’s financial outlook for the second quarter of fiscal 2018; the company’s tax rates for the second quarter of fiscal 2018; and the impact and benefits of NVIDIA Tesla GPUs, NVIDIA’s accelerated computing platform, NVIDIA DGX-1 AI systems, NVIDIA Jetson TX2, and partnerships with Bosch and PACCAR; and intended training of 100,000 developers this year through the NVIDIA Deep Learning Institute are forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause results to be materially different than expectations. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include: global economic conditions; our reliance on third parties to manufacture, assemble, package and test our products; the impact of technological development and competition; development of new products and technologies or enhancements to our existing product and technologies; market acceptance of our products or our partners’ products; design, manufacturing or software defects; changes in consumer preferences or demands; changes in industry standards and interfaces; unexpected loss of performance of our products or technologies when integrated into systems; as well as other factors detailed from time to time in the reports NVIDIA files with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, including its Form 10-K for the fiscal period ended January 29, 2017. Copies of reports filed with the SEC are posted on the company’s website and are available from NVIDIA without charge. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and speak only as of the date hereof, and, except as required by law, NVIDIA disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances. © 2017 NVIDIA Corporation. All rights reserved. NVIDIA, the NVIDIA logo, GeForce, Tesla, NVIDIA DGX-1 and Jetson are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of NVIDIA Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Other company and product names may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated. Features, pricing, availability, and specifications are subject to change without notice. CategoriesUncategorized TagsNASDAQ:NVDA Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Calcium Hypochlorite Market: Global Growth by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast Analysis to 2022 Next PostNext Contango ORE, Inc. Announces Earnings for the Quarter Ended March 31, 2017 Search Recent Posts IBM Vice President Supply Chain Joanne Wright to Speak at Supply Chain Leaders in Action Business Forum Google, Facebook, Amazon headquarters give UNT students peek at digital operations Player’s Network, Inc. Launches Major Shareholder Communications Initiative Gildan recognized with a Distintivo ESR(R) award for second consecutive year New York Law Firm Offers Tips for Sharing the Road with Motorcyclists RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: NVIDIA May 09, 2017 16:20 ET NVIDIA Announces Financial Results for First Quarter Fiscal 2018 SANTA CLARA, CA--(Marketwired - May 9, 2017) - NVIDIA (NASDAQ: NVDA) Revenue of $1.94 billion, up 48 percent from a year ago GAAP EPS of $0.79, up 126 percent from a year ago Non-GAAP EPS of $0.85, up 85 percent from a year ago Broad growth across all platforms NVIDIA (NASDAQ: NVDA) today reported revenue for the first quarter ended April 30, 2017, of $1.94 billion, up 48 percent from $1.30 billion a year earlier, and down 11 percent from $2.17 billion in the previous quarter. GAAP earnings per diluted share for the quarter were $0.79, up 126 percent from $0.35 a year ago and down 20 percent from $0.99 in the previous quarter. Non-GAAP earnings per diluted share were $0.85, up 85 percent from $0.46 a year earlier and down 25 percent from $1.13 in the previous quarter. "The AI revolution is moving fast and continuing to accelerate," said Jensen Huang, founder and chief executive officer of NVIDIA. "NVIDIA's GPU deep learning platform is the instrument of choice for researchers, internet giants and startups as they invent the future. "Our Datacenter GPU computing business nearly tripled from last year, as more of the world's computer scientists engage deep learning. One industry after another is awakening to the power of GPU deep learning and AI, the most important technology force of our time," he said. Capital Return For fiscal 2018, NVIDIA intends to return $1.25 billion to shareholders through ongoing quarterly cash dividends and share repurchases. During the first quarter of fiscal 2018, NVIDIA paid $82 million in cash dividends. NVIDIA will pay its next quarterly cash dividend of $0.14 per share on June 14, 2017, to all shareholders of record on May 23, 2017. Q1 FY2018 Summary GAAP ($ in millions except earnings per share)   Q1 FY18   Q4 FY17   Q1 FY17   Q/Q   Y/Y Revenue   $1,937   $2,173   $1,305   down 11%   up 48% Gross margin   59.4%   60.0%   57.5%   down 60 bps   up 190 bps Operating expenses   $596   $570   $506   up 5%   up 18% Operating income   $554   $733   $245   down 24%   up 126% Net income   $507   $655   $208   down 23%   up 144% Diluted earnings per share   $0.79   $0.99   $0.35   down 20%   up 126% Non-GAAP ($ in millions except earnings per share)   Q1 FY18   Q4 FY17   Q1 FY17   Q/Q   Y/Y Revenue   $1,937   $2,173   $1,305   down 11%   up 48% Gross margin   59.6%   60.2%   58.6%   down 60 bps   up 100 bps Operating expenses   $517   $498   $443   up 4%   up 17% Operating income   $637   $809   $322   down 21%   up 98% Net income   $533   $704   $263   down 24%   up 103% Diluted earnings per share   $0.85   $1.13   $0.46   down 25%   up 85%                                             NVIDIA's outlook for the second quarter of fiscal 2018 is as follows: Revenue is expected to be $1.95 billion, plus or minus two percent. GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins are expected to be 58.4 percent and 58.6 percent, respectively, plus or minus 50 basis points. GAAP operating expenses are expected to be approximately $605 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses are expected to be approximately $530 million. GAAP other income and expense is expected to be an expense of approximately $8 million, inclusive of additional charges from early conversions of convertible notes. Non-GAAP other income and expense is expected to be an expense of approximately $3 million. GAAP and non-GAAP tax rates for the second quarter of fiscal 2018 are both expected to be 17 percent, plus or minus one percent, excluding any discrete items. Weighted average shares used in the GAAP and non-GAAP diluted EPS calculations are dependent on the weighted average stock price during the quarter. Capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $55 million to $65 million. First Quarter Fiscal 2018 Highlights During the first quarter, NVIDIA achieved broad progress. Gaming: Announced GeForce® GTX 1080 Ti, the world's fastest gaming GPU. Announced TITAN Xp for enthusiasts and researchers requiring extreme performance. Datacenter: Announced with Microsoft that it is bringing NVIDIA® Tesla® P100 and P40 GPUs to the Azure cloud. Announced that NVIDIA Tesla accelerators designed for datacenter AI capabilities were added to Google Cloud, Tencent Cloud, IBM Cloud, and Baidu Cloud. Announced that Tokyo Institute of Technology will use NVIDIA's accelerated computing platform to create Japan's fastest AI supercomputer, TSUBAME3.0. Announced that Fujitsu is using 24 NVIDIA DGX-1™ AI systems to build a new AI supercomputer for RIKEN, Japan's largest research center. Announced together with Facebook the Caffe2 deep learning framework and Big Basin servers with Tesla P100 GPUs. Announced plans to train 100,000 developers this year, a 10x increase over 2016, through the NVIDIA Deep Learning Institute. Announced NVIDIA Jetson™ TX2, a high-performance, low-power computer platform for delivering AI at the edge, with deep learning and computer vision capabilities for robots, drones and smart cameras. Automotive: Announced with Bosch, the world's largest auto supplier, plans to create a new Bosch-branded AI self-driving car computer. Announced a collaboration with PACCAR, one of the world's largest truck makers with brands including Peterbilt, Kenworth and DAF, to develop solutions for autonomous trucks. CFO Commentary Commentary on the quarter by Colette Kress, NVIDIA's executive vice president and chief financial officer, is available at http://investor.nvidia.com/. Conference Call and Webcast Information NVIDIA will conduct a conference call with analysts and investors to discuss its first quarter fiscal 2018 financial results and current financial prospects today at 2 p.m. Pacific time (5 p.m. Eastern time). To listen to the conference call, dial (877) 223-3864 in the United States or (574) 990-1377 internationally, and provide the following conference ID: 4018413. A live webcast (listen-only mode) of the conference call will be accessible at NVIDIA's investor relations website, http://investor.nvidia.com, and at www.streetevents.com. The webcast will be recorded and available for replay until the company's conference call to discuss its financial results for its second quarter of fiscal 2018. Non-GAAP Measures To supplement NVIDIA's Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets presented in accordance with GAAP, the company uses non-GAAP measures of certain components of financial performance. These non-GAAP measures include non-GAAP gross profit, non-GAAP gross margin, non-GAAP operating expenses, non-GAAP income from operations, non-GAAP other income (expense), non-GAAP income tax expense, non-GAAP net income, non-GAAP net income, or earnings, per diluted share, non-GAAP diluted shares, revenue excluding Intel license, and free cash flow. In order for NVIDIA's investors to be better able to compare its current results with those of previous periods, the company has shown a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures. These reconciliations adjust the related GAAP financial measures to exclude stock-based compensation expense, legal settlement costs, acquisition-related costs, contributions, restructuring and other charges, gains from non-affiliated investments, interest expense related to amortization of debt discount, loss on early debt conversions, and the associated tax impact of these items, where applicable. Weighted average shares used in the non-GAAP diluted net income per share computation includes the anti-dilution impact of the company's Note Hedge. Free cash flow is calculated as GAAP net cash provided by operating activities less purchases of property and equipment and intangible assets. NVIDIA believes the presentation of its non-GAAP financial measures enhances the user's overall understanding of the company's historical financial performance. The presentation of the company's non-GAAP financial measures is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the company's financial results prepared in accordance with GAAP, and its non-GAAP measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies. Keep Current on NVIDIA Subscribe to the NVIDIA blog, follow us on Facebook, Google+, Twitter, LinkedIn and Instagram, and view NVIDIA videos on YouTube and images on Flickr.     NVIDIA CORPORATION   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME   (In millions, except per share data)   (Unaudited)                             Three Months Ended     April 30,     May 1,     2017     2016                   Revenue $ 1,937     $ 1,305   Cost of revenue   787       554   Gross profit   1,150       751   Operating expenses                 Research and development   411       346     Sales, general and administrative   185       159     Restructuring and other charges   -       1       Total operating expenses   596       506   Income from operations   554       245     Interest income   16       12     Interest expense   (16 )     (12 )   Other, net   (18 )     (4 )     Total other income (expense)   (18 )     (4 ) Income before income tax expense   536       241   Income tax expense   29       33   Net income $ 507     $ 208                   Net income per share:                 Basic $ 0.86     $ 0.39     Diluted $ 0.79     $ 0.35                   Weighted average shares used in per share computation:                 Basic   592       537     Diluted   641       599                                                         NVIDIA CORPORATION CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In millions) (Unaudited)                   April 30,   January 29,   2017   2017 ASSETS                       Current assets:             Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities $ 6,206   $ 6,798   Accounts receivable, net   976     826   Inventories   821     794   Prepaid expenses and other current assets   113     118     Total current assets   8,116     8,536             Property and equipment, net   539     521 Goodwill   618     618 Intangible assets, net   90     104 Other assets   47     62     Total assets $ 9,410   $ 9,841             LIABILITIES, CONVERTIBLE DEBT CONVERSION OBLIGATION AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY             Current liabilities:             Accounts payable $ 348   $ 485   Accrued and other current liabilities   420     507   Convertible short-term debt   215     796     Total current liabilities   983     1,788             Long-term debt   1,984     1,983 Other long-term liabilities   300     271 Capital lease obligations, long-term   4     6     Total liabilities   3,271     4,048             Convertible debt conversion obligation   7     31             Shareholders' equity   6,132     5,762     Total liabilities, convertible debt conversion obligation and shareholders' equity $ 9,410   $ 9,841                                                 NVIDIA CORPORATION   RECONCILIATION OF GAAP TO NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES   (In millions, except per share data)   (Unaudited)                       Three Months Ended     April 30,     January 29,     May 1,     2017     2017     2016                           GAAP gross profit $ 1,150     $ 1,303     $ 751     GAAP gross margin   59.4 %     60.0 %     57.5 %   Stock-based compensation expense (A)   4       4       4     Legal settlement costs   -       -       10   Non-GAAP gross profit $ 1,154     $ 1,307     $ 765     Non-GAAP gross margin   59.6 %     60.2 %     58.6 %                         GAAP operating expenses $ 596     $ 570     $ 506     Stock-based compensation expense (A)   (73 )     (68 )     (49 )   Legal settlement costs   -       -       (6 )   Acquisition-related costs (B)   (4 )     (4 )     (4 )   Contributions   (2 )     -       (3 )   Restructuring and other charges   -       -       (1 ) Non-GAAP operating expenses $ 517     $ 498     $ 443                           GAAP income from operations $ 554     $ 733     $ 245     Total impact of non-GAAP adjustments to income from operations   83       76       77   Non-GAAP income from operations $ 637     $ 809     $ 322                           GAAP other income (expense) $ (18 )   $ (7 )   $ (4 )   Gains from non-affiliated investments   -       (1 )     (3 )   Interest expense related to amortization of debt discount   2       4       7     Loss on early debt conversions   14       6       -   Non-GAAP other income (expense) $ (2 )   $ 2     $ -                           GAAP net income $ 507     $ 655     $ 208     Total pre-tax impact of non-GAAP adjustments   99       85       81     Income tax impact of non-GAAP adjustments   (73 )     (36 )     (26 ) Non-GAAP net income $ 533     $ 704     $ 263                           Diluted net income per share                         GAAP $ 0.79     $ 0.99     $ 0.35     Non-GAAP $ 0.85     $ 1.13     $ 0.46                           Weighted average shares used in diluted net income per share computation                         GAAP   641       660       599     Anti-dilution impact from note hedge (C)   (14 )     (36 )     (29 )   Non-GAAP   627       624       570                           GAAP revenue $ 1,937     $ 2,173     $ 1,305     Revenue from Intel license   (43 )     (66 )     (66 ) Revenue excluding Intel license $ 1,894     $ 2,107     $ 1,239                           GAAP net cash provided by operating activities $ 282     $ 721     $ 318     Purchase of property and equipment and intangible assets   (53 )     (52 )     (55 ) Free cash flow $ 229     $ 669     $ 263                           (A) Excludes stock-based compensation as follows: Three Months Ended     April 30,     January 29,     May 1,     2017     2017     2016     Cost of revenue $ 4     $ 4     $ 4     Research and development $ 41     $ 40     $ 29     Sales, general and administrative $ 31     $ 27     $ 20                           (B) Consists of amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets and compensation charges.                           (C) Represents the number of shares that would be delivered upon conversion of the currently outstanding 1.00% Convertible Senior Notes Due 2018. Under GAAP, shares delivered in hedge transactions are not considered offsetting shares in the fully diluted share calculation until actually delivered.           NVIDIA CORPORATION   RECONCILIATION OF GAAP TO NON-GAAP OUTLOOK           Q2 FY2018 Outlook           GAAP gross margin   58.4 %   Impact of stock-based compensation expense   0.2 % Non-GAAP gross margin   58.6 %           Q2 FY2018 Outlook     (In millions)           GAAP operating expenses $ 605     Stock-based compensation expense, acquisition-related costs, and other costs   (75 ) Non-GAAP operating expenses $ 530         Q2 FY2018 Outlook     (In millions)           GAAP other income (expense) $ (8 )   Loss on early debt conversions and interest expense related to amortization of debt discount   5   Non-GAAP other income (expense) $ (3 )         About NVIDIA NVIDIA's (NASDAQ: NVDA) invention of the GPU in 1999 sparked the growth of the PC gaming market, redefined modern computer graphics and revolutionized parallel computing. More recently, GPU deep learning ignited modern AI -- the next era of computing -- with the GPU acting as the brain of computers, robots and self-driving cars that can perceive and understand the world. More information at http://nvidianews.nvidia.com/. Certain statements in this press release including, but not limited to statements as to: the AI revolution continuing to accelerate; AI being the most important technology force of our time; the company's intended capital return for fiscal 2018; the company's next quarterly cash dividend; the company's financial outlook for the second quarter of fiscal 2018; the company's tax rates for the second quarter of fiscal 2018; and the impact and benefits of NVIDIA Tesla GPUs, NVIDIA's accelerated computing platform, NVIDIA DGX-1 AI systems, NVIDIA Jetson TX2, and partnerships with Bosch and PACCAR; and intended training of 100,000 developers this year through the NVIDIA Deep Learning Institute are forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause results to be materially different than expectations. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include: global economic conditions; our reliance on third parties to manufacture, assemble, package and test our products; the impact of technological development and competition; development of new products and technologies or enhancements to our existing product and technologies; market acceptance of our products or our partners' products; design, manufacturing or software defects; changes in consumer preferences or demands; changes in industry standards and interfaces; unexpected loss of performance of our products or technologies when integrated into systems; as well as other factors detailed from time to time in the reports NVIDIA files with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, including its Form 10-K for the fiscal period ended January 29, 2017. Copies of reports filed with the SEC are posted on the company's website and are available from NVIDIA without charge. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and speak only as of the date hereof, and, except as required by law, NVIDIA disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances. © 2017 NVIDIA Corporation. All rights reserved. NVIDIA, the NVIDIA logo, GeForce, Tesla, NVIDIA DGX-1 and Jetson are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of NVIDIA Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Other company and product names may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated. Features, pricing, availability, and specifications are subject to change without notice. Contact Information For further information, contact: Shawn Simmons Investor Relations NVIDIA Corporation (408) 566-5784 ssimmons@nvidia.com Robert Sherbin Corporate Communications NVIDIA Corporation (408) 566-5150 rsherbin@nvidia.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company NVIDIA From this industry Electronics and Semiconductors From this sub-industry Semiconductors See all RSS Newsfeeds   Highlighted Links NVIDIA About NVIDIA Additional Links and Tags Website: http://www.nvidia.com   About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: NVIDIA May 09, 2017 16:20 ET NVIDIA Announces Financial Results for First Quarter Fiscal 2018 SANTA CLARA, CA--(Marketwired - May 9, 2017) - NVIDIA (NASDAQ: NVDA) Revenue of $1.94 billion, up 48 percent from a year ago GAAP EPS of $0.79, up 126 percent from a year ago Non-GAAP EPS of $0.85, up 85 percent from a year ago Broad growth across all platforms NVIDIA (NASDAQ: NVDA) today reported revenue for the first quarter ended April 30, 2017, of $1.94 billion, up 48 percent from $1.30 billion a year earlier, and down 11 percent from $2.17 billion in the previous quarter. GAAP earnings per diluted share for the quarter were $0.79, up 126 percent from $0.35 a year ago and down 20 percent from $0.99 in the previous quarter. Non-GAAP earnings per diluted share were $0.85, up 85 percent from $0.46 a year earlier and down 25 percent from $1.13 in the previous quarter. "The AI revolution is moving fast and continuing to accelerate," said Jensen Huang, founder and chief executive officer of NVIDIA. "NVIDIA's GPU deep learning platform is the instrument of choice for researchers, internet giants and startups as they invent the future. "Our Datacenter GPU computing business nearly tripled from last year, as more of the world's computer scientists engage deep learning. One industry after another is awakening to the power of GPU deep learning and AI, the most important technology force of our time," he said. Capital Return For fiscal 2018, NVIDIA intends to return $1.25 billion to shareholders through ongoing quarterly cash dividends and share repurchases. During the first quarter of fiscal 2018, NVIDIA paid $82 million in cash dividends. NVIDIA will pay its next quarterly cash dividend of $0.14 per share on June 14, 2017, to all shareholders of record on May 23, 2017. Q1 FY2018 Summary GAAP ($ in millions except earnings per share)   Q1 FY18   Q4 FY17   Q1 FY17   Q/Q   Y/Y Revenue   $1,937   $2,173   $1,305   down 11%   up 48% Gross margin   59.4%   60.0%   57.5%   down 60 bps   up 190 bps Operating expenses   $596   $570   $506   up 5%   up 18% Operating income   $554   $733   $245   down 24%   up 126% Net income   $507   $655   $208   down 23%   up 144% Diluted earnings per share   $0.79   $0.99   $0.35   down 20%   up 126% Non-GAAP ($ in millions except earnings per share)   Q1 FY18   Q4 FY17   Q1 FY17   Q/Q   Y/Y Revenue   $1,937   $2,173   $1,305   down 11%   up 48% Gross margin   59.6%   60.2%   58.6%   down 60 bps   up 100 bps Operating expenses   $517   $498   $443   up 4%   up 17% Operating income   $637   $809   $322   down 21%   up 98% Net income   $533   $704   $263   down 24%   up 103% Diluted earnings per share   $0.85   $1.13   $0.46   down 25%   up 85%                                             NVIDIA's outlook for the second quarter of fiscal 2018 is as follows: Revenue is expected to be $1.95 billion, plus or minus two percent. GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins are expected to be 58.4 percent and 58.6 percent, respectively, plus or minus 50 basis points. GAAP operating expenses are expected to be approximately $605 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses are expected to be approximately $530 million. GAAP other income and expense is expected to be an expense of approximately $8 million, inclusive of additional charges from early conversions of convertible notes. Non-GAAP other income and expense is expected to be an expense of approximately $3 million. GAAP and non-GAAP tax rates for the second quarter of fiscal 2018 are both expected to be 17 percent, plus or minus one percent, excluding any discrete items. Weighted average shares used in the GAAP and non-GAAP diluted EPS calculations are dependent on the weighted average stock price during the quarter. Capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $55 million to $65 million. First Quarter Fiscal 2018 Highlights During the first quarter, NVIDIA achieved broad progress. Gaming: Announced GeForce® GTX 1080 Ti, the world's fastest gaming GPU. Announced TITAN Xp for enthusiasts and researchers requiring extreme performance. Datacenter: Announced with Microsoft that it is bringing NVIDIA® Tesla® P100 and P40 GPUs to the Azure cloud. Announced that NVIDIA Tesla accelerators designed for datacenter AI capabilities were added to Google Cloud, Tencent Cloud, IBM Cloud, and Baidu Cloud. Announced that Tokyo Institute of Technology will use NVIDIA's accelerated computing platform to create Japan's fastest AI supercomputer, TSUBAME3.0. Announced that Fujitsu is using 24 NVIDIA DGX-1™ AI systems to build a new AI supercomputer for RIKEN, Japan's largest research center. Announced together with Facebook the Caffe2 deep learning framework and Big Basin servers with Tesla P100 GPUs. Announced plans to train 100,000 developers this year, a 10x increase over 2016, through the NVIDIA Deep Learning Institute. Announced NVIDIA Jetson™ TX2, a high-performance, low-power computer platform for delivering AI at the edge, with deep learning and computer vision capabilities for robots, drones and smart cameras. Automotive: Announced with Bosch, the world's largest auto supplier, plans to create a new Bosch-branded AI self-driving car computer. Announced a collaboration with PACCAR, one of the world's largest truck makers with brands including Peterbilt, Kenworth and DAF, to develop solutions for autonomous trucks. CFO Commentary Commentary on the quarter by Colette Kress, NVIDIA's executive vice president and chief financial officer, is available at http://investor.nvidia.com/. Conference Call and Webcast Information NVIDIA will conduct a conference call with analysts and investors to discuss its first quarter fiscal 2018 financial results and current financial prospects today at 2 p.m. Pacific time (5 p.m. Eastern time). To listen to the conference call, dial (877) 223-3864 in the United States or (574) 990-1377 internationally, and provide the following conference ID: 4018413. A live webcast (listen-only mode) of the conference call will be accessible at NVIDIA's investor relations website, http://investor.nvidia.com, and at www.streetevents.com. The webcast will be recorded and available for replay until the company's conference call to discuss its financial results for its second quarter of fiscal 2018. Non-GAAP Measures To supplement NVIDIA's Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets presented in accordance with GAAP, the company uses non-GAAP measures of certain components of financial performance. These non-GAAP measures include non-GAAP gross profit, non-GAAP gross margin, non-GAAP operating expenses, non-GAAP income from operations, non-GAAP other income (expense), non-GAAP income tax expense, non-GAAP net income, non-GAAP net income, or earnings, per diluted share, non-GAAP diluted shares, revenue excluding Intel license, and free cash flow. In order for NVIDIA's investors to be better able to compare its current results with those of previous periods, the company has shown a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures. These reconciliations adjust the related GAAP financial measures to exclude stock-based compensation expense, legal settlement costs, acquisition-related costs, contributions, restructuring and other charges, gains from non-affiliated investments, interest expense related to amortization of debt discount, loss on early debt conversions, and the associated tax impact of these items, where applicable. Weighted average shares used in the non-GAAP diluted net income per share computation includes the anti-dilution impact of the company's Note Hedge. Free cash flow is calculated as GAAP net cash provided by operating activities less purchases of property and equipment and intangible assets. NVIDIA believes the presentation of its non-GAAP financial measures enhances the user's overall understanding of the company's historical financial performance. The presentation of the company's non-GAAP financial measures is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the company's financial results prepared in accordance with GAAP, and its non-GAAP measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies. Keep Current on NVIDIA Subscribe to the NVIDIA blog, follow us on Facebook, Google+, Twitter, LinkedIn and Instagram, and view NVIDIA videos on YouTube and images on Flickr.     NVIDIA CORPORATION   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME   (In millions, except per share data)   (Unaudited)                             Three Months Ended     April 30,     May 1,     2017     2016                   Revenue $ 1,937     $ 1,305   Cost of revenue   787       554   Gross profit   1,150       751   Operating expenses                 Research and development   411       346     Sales, general and administrative   185       159     Restructuring and other charges   -       1       Total operating expenses   596       506   Income from operations   554       245     Interest income   16       12     Interest expense   (16 )     (12 )   Other, net   (18 )     (4 )     Total other income (expense)   (18 )     (4 ) Income before income tax expense   536       241   Income tax expense   29       33   Net income $ 507     $ 208                   Net income per share:                 Basic $ 0.86     $ 0.39     Diluted $ 0.79     $ 0.35                   Weighted average shares used in per share computation:                 Basic   592       537     Diluted   641       599                                                         NVIDIA CORPORATION CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In millions) (Unaudited)                   April 30,   January 29,   2017   2017 ASSETS                       Current assets:             Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities $ 6,206   $ 6,798   Accounts receivable, net   976     826   Inventories   821     794   Prepaid expenses and other current assets   113     118     Total current assets   8,116     8,536             Property and equipment, net   539     521 Goodwill   618     618 Intangible assets, net   90     104 Other assets   47     62     Total assets $ 9,410   $ 9,841             LIABILITIES, CONVERTIBLE DEBT CONVERSION OBLIGATION AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY             Current liabilities:             Accounts payable $ 348   $ 485   Accrued and other current liabilities   420     507   Convertible short-term debt   215     796     Total current liabilities   983     1,788             Long-term debt   1,984     1,983 Other long-term liabilities   300     271 Capital lease obligations, long-term   4     6     Total liabilities   3,271     4,048             Convertible debt conversion obligation   7     31             Shareholders' equity   6,132     5,762     Total liabilities, convertible debt conversion obligation and shareholders' equity $ 9,410   $ 9,841                                                 NVIDIA CORPORATION   RECONCILIATION OF GAAP TO NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES   (In millions, except per share data)   (Unaudited)                       Three Months Ended     April 30,     January 29,     May 1,     2017     2017     2016                           GAAP gross profit $ 1,150     $ 1,303     $ 751     GAAP gross margin   59.4 %     60.0 %     57.5 %   Stock-based compensation expense (A)   4       4       4     Legal settlement costs   -       -       10   Non-GAAP gross profit $ 1,154     $ 1,307     $ 765     Non-GAAP gross margin   59.6 %     60.2 %     58.6 %                         GAAP operating expenses $ 596     $ 570     $ 506     Stock-based compensation expense (A)   (73 )     (68 )     (49 )   Legal settlement costs   -       -       (6 )   Acquisition-related costs (B)   (4 )     (4 )     (4 )   Contributions   (2 )     -       (3 )   Restructuring and other charges   -       -       (1 ) Non-GAAP operating expenses $ 517     $ 498     $ 443                           GAAP income from operations $ 554     $ 733     $ 245     Total impact of non-GAAP adjustments to income from operations   83       76       77   Non-GAAP income from operations $ 637     $ 809     $ 322                           GAAP other income (expense) $ (18 )   $ (7 )   $ (4 )   Gains from non-affiliated investments   -       (1 )     (3 )   Interest expense related to amortization of debt discount   2       4       7     Loss on early debt conversions   14       6       -   Non-GAAP other income (expense) $ (2 )   $ 2     $ -                           GAAP net income $ 507     $ 655     $ 208     Total pre-tax impact of non-GAAP adjustments   99       85       81     Income tax impact of non-GAAP adjustments   (73 )     (36 )     (26 ) Non-GAAP net income $ 533     $ 704     $ 263                           Diluted net income per share                         GAAP $ 0.79     $ 0.99     $ 0.35     Non-GAAP $ 0.85     $ 1.13     $ 0.46                           Weighted average shares used in diluted net income per share computation                         GAAP   641       660       599     Anti-dilution impact from note hedge (C)   (14 )     (36 )     (29 )   Non-GAAP   627       624       570                           GAAP revenue $ 1,937     $ 2,173     $ 1,305     Revenue from Intel license   (43 )     (66 )     (66 ) Revenue excluding Intel license $ 1,894     $ 2,107     $ 1,239                           GAAP net cash provided by operating activities $ 282     $ 721     $ 318     Purchase of property and equipment and intangible assets   (53 )     (52 )     (55 ) Free cash flow $ 229     $ 669     $ 263                           (A) Excludes stock-based compensation as follows: Three Months Ended     April 30,     January 29,     May 1,     2017     2017     2016     Cost of revenue $ 4     $ 4     $ 4     Research and development $ 41     $ 40     $ 29     Sales, general and administrative $ 31     $ 27     $ 20                           (B) Consists of amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets and compensation charges.                           (C) Represents the number of shares that would be delivered upon conversion of the currently outstanding 1.00% Convertible Senior Notes Due 2018. Under GAAP, shares delivered in hedge transactions are not considered offsetting shares in the fully diluted share calculation until actually delivered.           NVIDIA CORPORATION   RECONCILIATION OF GAAP TO NON-GAAP OUTLOOK           Q2 FY2018 Outlook           GAAP gross margin   58.4 %   Impact of stock-based compensation expense   0.2 % Non-GAAP gross margin   58.6 %           Q2 FY2018 Outlook     (In millions)           GAAP operating expenses $ 605     Stock-based compensation expense, acquisition-related costs, and other costs   (75 ) Non-GAAP operating expenses $ 530         Q2 FY2018 Outlook     (In millions)           GAAP other income (expense) $ (8 )   Loss on early debt conversions and interest expense related to amortization of debt discount   5   Non-GAAP other income (expense) $ (3 )         About NVIDIA NVIDIA's (NASDAQ: NVDA) invention of the GPU in 1999 sparked the growth of the PC gaming market, redefined modern computer graphics and revolutionized parallel computing. More recently, GPU deep learning ignited modern AI -- the next era of computing -- with the GPU acting as the brain of computers, robots and self-driving cars that can perceive and understand the world. More information at http://nvidianews.nvidia.com/. Certain statements in this press release including, but not limited to statements as to: the AI revolution continuing to accelerate; AI being the most important technology force of our time; the company's intended capital return for fiscal 2018; the company's next quarterly cash dividend; the company's financial outlook for the second quarter of fiscal 2018; the company's tax rates for the second quarter of fiscal 2018; and the impact and benefits of NVIDIA Tesla GPUs, NVIDIA's accelerated computing platform, NVIDIA DGX-1 AI systems, NVIDIA Jetson TX2, and partnerships with Bosch and PACCAR; and intended training of 100,000 developers this year through the NVIDIA Deep Learning Institute are forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause results to be materially different than expectations. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include: global economic conditions; our reliance on third parties to manufacture, assemble, package and test our products; the impact of technological development and competition; development of new products and technologies or enhancements to our existing product and technologies; market acceptance of our products or our partners' products; design, manufacturing or software defects; changes in consumer preferences or demands; changes in industry standards and interfaces; unexpected loss of performance of our products or technologies when integrated into systems; as well as other factors detailed from time to time in the reports NVIDIA files with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, including its Form 10-K for the fiscal period ended January 29, 2017. Copies of reports filed with the SEC are posted on the company's website and are available from NVIDIA without charge. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and speak only as of the date hereof, and, except as required by law, NVIDIA disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances. © 2017 NVIDIA Corporation. All rights reserved. NVIDIA, the NVIDIA logo, GeForce, Tesla, NVIDIA DGX-1 and Jetson are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of NVIDIA Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Other company and product names may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated. Features, pricing, availability, and specifications are subject to change without notice. Contact Information For further information, contact: Shawn Simmons Investor Relations NVIDIA Corporation (408) 566-5784 ssimmons@nvidia.com Robert Sherbin Corporate Communications NVIDIA Corporation (408) 566-5150 rsherbin@nvidia.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company NVIDIA From this industry Electronics and Semiconductors From this sub-industry Semiconductors See all RSS Newsfeeds   Highlighted Links NVIDIA About NVIDIA Additional Links and Tags Website: http://www.nvidia.com   About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Latest News Dow 20,976 -36.50 -0.17% Nasdaq 6,121 +17.93 +0.29% S&P 500 2,397 -2.46 -0.10% 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.1% lower at 5,394.10 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens fractionally lower at 7,340.37 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens fractionally lower at 395.70 2:56 A.M. ET Updated The New York Times will take you on a tour and teach you all about Brexit for $6,000 2:50 A.M. ET Opinion The ECB should avoid the temptation to cancel QE 2:51 A.M. ET Eni profit jumps as oil prices rebound 2:50 A.M. ET Barratt sees 2017 profit at top end of views 2:49 A.M. ET AstraZeneca asthma drug misses primary endpoint 2:28 A.M. ET ITV maintains outlook even as revenue falls 2:27 A.M. ET U.K. regulator may probe Capita-Vodafone deal 2:27 A.M. ET BAE trading in line; backs 2017 guidance 2:26 A.M. ET AXA revenue nearly flat as revenue misses views 2:25 A.M. ET French Insurer AXA plans to list shares in U.S. 2:24 A.M. ET Suez confirms outlook at revenue rises 2:24 A.M. ET ING net profit slips, but pretax profit up 39% 2:22 A.M. ET Ahold Delhaize net sales rise 65% in first quarter 2:22 A.M. ET Germany posts record current-account surplus 1:23 A.M. ET Updated Oil prices get respite from selling after encouraging signals on U.S. supply 1:16 A.M. ET China consumer inflation edged up in April 12:09 A.M. ET Updated More than 40% of Americans won’t date a person who has this one financial problem Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release NVIDIA Announces Financial Results for First Quarter Fiscal 2018 By Published: May 9, 2017 4:20 p.m. ET Share SANTA CLARA, CA, May 09, 2017 (Marketwired via COMTEX) -- SANTA CLARA, CA--(Marketwired - May 9, 2017) - NVIDIA NVDA, +0.17% Revenue of $1.94 billion, up 48 percent from a year ago GAAP EPS of $0.79, up 126 percent from a year ago Non-GAAP EPS of $0.85, up 85 percent from a year ago Broad growth across all platforms NVIDIA NVDA, +0.17% today reported revenue for the first quarter ended April 30, 2017, of $1.94 billion, up 48 percent from $1.30 billion a year earlier, and down 11 percent from $2.17 billion in the previous quarter. GAAP earnings per diluted share for the quarter were $0.79, up 126 percent from $0.35 a year ago and down 20 percent from $0.99 in the previous quarter. Non-GAAP earnings per diluted share were $0.85, up 85 percent from $0.46 a year earlier and down 25 percent from $1.13 in the previous quarter. "The AI revolution is moving fast and continuing to accelerate," said Jensen Huang, founder and chief executive officer of NVIDIA. "NVIDIA's GPU deep learning platform is the instrument of choice for researchers, internet giants and startups as they invent the future. "Our Datacenter GPU computing business nearly tripled from last year, as more of the world's computer scientists engage deep learning. One industry after another is awakening to the power of GPU deep learning and AI, the most important technology force of our time," he said. Capital Return For fiscal 2018, NVIDIA intends to return $1.25 billion to shareholders through ongoing quarterly cash dividends and share repurchases. During the first quarter of fiscal 2018, NVIDIA paid $82 million in cash dividends. NVIDIA will pay its next quarterly cash dividend of $0.14 per share on June 14, 2017, to all shareholders of record on May 23, 2017. Q1 FY2018 Summary GAAP
($ in millions except earnings per share)   Q1 FY18   Q4 FY17   Q1 FY17   Q/Q           Y/Y
Revenue                                     $1,937    $2,173    $1,305    down 11%      up 48%
Gross margin                                59.4%     60.0%     57.5%     down 60 bps   up 190 bps
Operating expenses                          $596      $570      $506      up 5%         up 18%
Operating income                            $554      $733      $245      down 24%      up 126%
Net income                                  $507      $655      $208      down 23%      up 144%
Diluted earnings per share                  $0.79     $0.99     $0.35     down 20%      up 126%

 Non-GAAP
($ in millions except earnings per share)   Q1 FY18   Q4 FY17   Q1 FY17   Q/Q           Y/Y
Revenue                                     $1,937    $2,173    $1,305    down 11%      up 48%
Gross margin                                59.6%     60.2%     58.6%     down 60 bps   up 100 bps
Operating expenses                          $517      $498      $443      up 4%         up 17%
Operating income                            $637      $809      $322      down 21%      up 98%
Net income                                  $533      $704      $263      down 24%      up 103%
Diluted earnings per share                  $0.85     $1.13     $0.46     down 25%      up 85%
                                                                
                                                                

 NVIDIA's outlook for the second quarter of fiscal 2018 is as follows: Revenue is expected to be $1.95 billion, plus or minus two percent. GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins are expected to be 58.4 percent and 58.6 percent, respectively, plus or minus 50 basis points. GAAP operating expenses are expected to be approximately $605 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses are expected to be approximately $530 million. GAAP other income and expense is expected to be an expense of approximately $8 million, inclusive of additional charges from early conversions of convertible notes. Non-GAAP other income and expense is expected to be an expense of approximately $3 million. GAAP and non-GAAP tax rates for the second quarter of fiscal 2018 are both expected to be 17 percent, plus or minus one percent, excluding any discrete items. Weighted average shares used in the GAAP and non-GAAP diluted EPS calculations are dependent on the weighted average stock price during the quarter. Capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $55 million to $65 million. First Quarter Fiscal 2018 Highlights During the first quarter, NVIDIA achieved broad progress. Gaming: Announced GeForce® GTX 1080 Ti, the world's fastest gaming GPU. Announced TITAN Xp for enthusiasts and researchers requiring extreme performance. Datacenter: Announced with Microsoft that it is bringing NVIDIA® Tesla® P100 and P40 GPUs to the Azure cloud. Announced that NVIDIA Tesla accelerators designed for datacenter AI capabilities were added to Google Cloud, Tencent Cloud, IBM Cloud, and Baidu Cloud. Announced that Tokyo Institute of Technology will use NVIDIA's accelerated computing platform to create Japan's fastest AI supercomputer, TSUBAME3.0. Announced that Fujitsu is using 24 NVIDIA DGX-1™ AI systems to build a new AI supercomputer for RIKEN, Japan's largest research center. Announced together with Facebook the Caffe2 deep learning framework and Big Basin servers with Tesla P100 GPUs. Announced plans to train 100,000 developers this year, a 10x increase over 2016, through the NVIDIA Deep Learning Institute. Announced NVIDIA Jetson™ TX2, a high-performance, low-power computer platform for delivering AI at the edge, with deep learning and computer vision capabilities for robots, drones and smart cameras. Automotive: Announced with Bosch, the world's largest auto supplier, plans to create a new Bosch-branded AI self-driving car computer. Announced a collaboration with PACCAR, one of the world's largest truck makers with brands including Peterbilt, Kenworth and DAF, to develop solutions for autonomous trucks. CFO Commentary Commentary on the quarter by Colette Kress, NVIDIA's executive vice president and chief financial officer, is available at http://investor.nvidia.com/. Conference Call and Webcast Information NVIDIA will conduct a conference call with analysts and investors to discuss its first quarter fiscal 2018 financial results and current financial prospects today at 2 p.m. Pacific time (5 p.m. Eastern time). To listen to the conference call, dial (877) 223-3864 in the United States or (574) 990-1377 internationally, and provide the following conference ID: 4018413. A live webcast (listen-only mode) of the conference call will be accessible at NVIDIA's investor relations website, http://investor.nvidia.com, and at www.streetevents.com. The webcast will be recorded and available for replay until the company's conference call to discuss its financial results for its second quarter of fiscal 2018. Non-GAAP Measures To supplement NVIDIA's Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets presented in accordance with GAAP, the company uses non-GAAP measures of certain components of financial performance. These non-GAAP measures include non-GAAP gross profit, non-GAAP gross margin, non-GAAP operating expenses, non-GAAP income from operations, non-GAAP other income (expense), non-GAAP income tax expense, non-GAAP net income, non-GAAP net income, or earnings, per diluted share, non-GAAP diluted shares, revenue excluding Intel license, and free cash flow. In order for NVIDIA's investors to be better able to compare its current results with those of previous periods, the company has shown a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures. These reconciliations adjust the related GAAP financial measures to exclude stock-based compensation expense, legal settlement costs, acquisition-related costs, contributions, restructuring and other charges, gains from non-affiliated investments, interest expense related to amortization of debt discount, loss on early debt conversions, and the associated tax impact of these items, where applicable. Weighted average shares used in the non-GAAP diluted net income per share computation includes the anti-dilution impact of the company's Note Hedge. Free cash flow is calculated as GAAP net cash provided by operating activities less purchases of property and equipment and intangible assets. NVIDIA believes the presentation of its non-GAAP financial measures enhances the user's overall understanding of the company's historical financial performance. The presentation of the company's non-GAAP financial measures is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the company's financial results prepared in accordance with GAAP, and its non-GAAP measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies. Keep Current on NVIDIA Subscribe to the NVIDIA blog, follow us on Facebook, Google+, Twitter, LinkedIn and Instagram, and view NVIDIA videos on YouTube and images on Flickr.                                                                                                          
NVIDIA CORPORATION                                                                                            
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME                                                                   
(In millions, except per share data)                                                                          
(Unaudited)                                                                                                   
                                                                                     
                                                                                     
                                                              Three Months Ended                         
                                                              April 30,         May 1,         
                                                              2017              2016           
                                                                           
Revenue                                                            $      1,937      $      1,305   
Cost of revenue                                                      787          554     
Gross profit                                                         1,150        751     
Operating expenses                                                              
              Research and development                          411          346     
              Sales, general and administrative                 185          159     
              Restructuring and other charges                   -            1       
                            Total operating expenses       596          506     
Income from operations                                               554          245     
              Interest income                                   16           12      
              Interest expense                                  (16    )          (12    )
              Other, net                                        (18    )          (4     )
                            Total other income (expense)   (18    )          (4     )
Income before income tax expense                                     536          241     
Income tax expense                                                   29           33      
Net income                                                         $      507        $      208     
                                                                           
Net income per share:                                                           
              Basic                                           $      0.86       $      0.39    
              Diluted                                         $      0.79       $      0.35    
                                                                           
Weighted average shares used in per share computation:                          
              Basic                                             592          537     
              Diluted                                           641          599     
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      

 NVIDIA CORPORATION
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
(In millions)
(Unaudited)
                                                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                    April 30,                January 29,
                                                                                                                    2017                     2017
ASSETS                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                                         
Current assets:                                                                                                                               
        Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities                                                            $         6,206          $         6,798
        Accounts receivable, net                                                                                         976                 826
        Inventories                                                                                                      821                 794
        Prepaid expenses and other current assets                                                                        113                 118
                            Total current assets                                                                    8,116               8,536
                                                                                                                                         
Property and equipment, net                                                                                                   539                 521
Goodwill                                                                                                                      618                 618
Intangible assets, net                                                                                                        90                  104
Other assets                                                                                                                  47                  62
                            Total assets                                                                       $         9,410          $         9,841
                                                                                                                                         
LIABILITIES, CONVERTIBLE DEBT CONVERSION OBLIGATION AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
                                                                                                                                         
Current liabilities:                                                                                                                          
        Accounts payable                                                                                            $         348            $         485
        Accrued and other current liabilities                                                                            420                 507
        Convertible short-term debt                                                                                      215                 796
                            Total current liabilities                                                               983                 1,788
                                                                                                                                         
Long-term debt                                                                                                                1,984               1,983
Other long-term liabilities                                                                                                   300                 271
Capital lease obligations, long-term                                                                                          4                   6
                            Total liabilities                                                                       3,271               4,048
                                                                                                                                         
Convertible debt conversion obligation                                                                                        7                   31
                                                                                                                                         
Shareholders' equity                                                                                                          6,132               5,762
                            Total liabilities, convertible debt conversion obligation and shareholders' equity $         9,410          $         9,841
                                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                               

 NVIDIA CORPORATION                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
RECONCILIATION OF GAAP TO NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
(In millions, except per share data)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
(Unaudited)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                               Three Months Ended                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                               April 30,                                                                                 January 29,                                                                               May 1,                                             
                                                                                               2017                                                                                      2017                                                                                      2016                                               
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
GAAP gross profit                                                                                   $                        1,150                                                            $                        1,303                                                            $                        751                       
                                GAAP gross margin                                                                  59.4                     %                                                                60.0                     %                                                                57.5                     %
                                Stock-based compensation expense (A)                                               4                                                                                    4                                                                                    4                         
                                Legal settlement costs                                                             -                                                                                    -                                                                                    10                        
Non-GAAP gross profit                                                                               $                        1,154                                                            $                        1,307                                                            $                        765                       
                                Non-GAAP gross margin                                                              59.6                     %                                                                60.2                     %                                                                58.6                     %
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
GAAP operating expenses                                                                             $                        596                                                              $                        570                                                              $                        506                       
                                Stock-based compensation expense (A)                                               (73                      )                                                                (68                      )                                                                (49                      )
                                Legal settlement costs                                                             -                                                                                    -                                                                                    (6                       )
                                Acquisition-related costs (B)                                                      (4                       )                                                                (4                       )                                                                (4                       )
                                Contributions                                                                      (2                       )                                                                -                                                                                    (3                       )
                                Restructuring and other charges                                                    -                                                                                    -                                                                                    (1                       )
Non-GAAP operating expenses                                                                         $                        517                                                              $                        498                                                              $                        443                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
GAAP income from operations                                                                         $                        554                                                              $                        733                                                              $                        245                       
                                Total impact of non-GAAP adjustments to income from operations                     83                                                                                   76                                                                                   77                        
Non-GAAP income from operations                                                                     $                        637                                                              $                        809                                                              $                        322                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
GAAP other income (expense)                                                                         $                        (18                      )                                            $                        (7                       )                                            $                        (4                       )
                                Gains from non-affiliated investments                                              -                                                                                    (1                       )                                                                (3                       )
                                Interest expense related to amortization of debt discount                          2                                                                                    4                                                                                    7                         
                                Loss on early debt conversions                                                     14                                                                                   6                                                                                    -                         
Non-GAAP other income (expense)                                                                     $                        (2                       )                                            $                        2                                                                $                        -                         
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
GAAP net income                                                                                     $                        507                                                              $                        655                                                              $                        208                       
                                Total pre-tax impact of non-GAAP adjustments                                       99                                                                                   85                                                                                   81                        
                                Income tax impact of non-GAAP adjustments                                          (73                      )                                                                (36                      )                                                                (26                      )
Non-GAAP net income                                                                                 $                        533                                                              $                        704                                                              $                        263                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
Diluted net income per share                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
                                GAAP                                                           $                        0.79                                                             $                        0.99                                                             $                        0.35                      
                                Non-GAAP                                                       $                        0.85                                                             $                        1.13                                                             $                        0.46                      
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
Weighted average shares used in diluted net income per share computation                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
                                GAAP                                                                               641                                                                                  660                                                                                  599                       
                                Anti-dilution impact from note hedge (C)                                           (14                      )                                                                (36                      )                                                                (29                      )
                                Non-GAAP                                                                           627                                                                                  624                                                                                  570                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
GAAP revenue                                                                                        $                        1,937                                                            $                        2,173                                                            $                        1,305                     
                                Revenue from Intel license                                                         (43                      )                                                                (66                      )                                                                (66                      )
Revenue excluding Intel license                                                                     $                        1,894                                                            $                        2,107                                                            $                        1,239                     
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
GAAP net cash provided by operating activities                                                      $                        282                                                              $                        721                                                              $                        318                       
                                Purchase of property and equipment and intangible assets                           (53                      )                                                                (52                      )                                                                (55                      )
Free cash flow                                                                                      $                        229                                                              $                        669                                                              $                        263                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
(A) Excludes stock-based compensation as follows:                                                   Three Months Ended                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                               April 30,                                                                                 January 29,                                                                               May 1,                                             
                                                                                               2017                                                                                      2017                                                                                      2016                                               
                                Cost of revenue                                                $                        4                                                                $                        4                                                                $                        4                         
                                Research and development                                       $                        41                                                               $                        40                                                               $                        29                        
                                Sales, general and administrative                              $                        31                                                               $                        27                                                               $                        20                        
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
(B) Consists of amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets and compensation charges.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
(C) Represents the number of shares that would be delivered upon conversion of the currently outstanding 1.00% Convertible Senior Notes Due 2018.
		 Under GAAP, shares delivered in hedge transactions are not considered offsetting shares in the fully diluted share calculation until actually de
		livered.                                                     
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       

 NVIDIA CORPORATION                                                                                                                  
RECONCILIATION OF GAAP TO NON-GAAP OUTLOOK                                                                                          
                                                                                                                          
                                                                                                        Q2 FY2018 Outlook      
                                                                                                                     
GAAP gross margin                                                                                                  58.4       %
           Impact of stock-based compensation expense                                                         0.2        %
Non-GAAP gross margin                                                                                              58.6       %
                                                                                                                     
                                                                                                        Q2 FY2018 Outlook      
                                                                                                        (In millions)          
                                                                                                                     
GAAP operating expenses                                                                                      $          605         
           Stock-based compensation expense, acquisition-related costs, and other costs                       (75        )
Non-GAAP operating expenses                                                                                  $          530         
                                                                                                                               
                                                                                                        Q2 FY2018 Outlook      
                                                                                                        (In millions)          
                                                                                                                     
GAAP other income (expense)                                                                                  $          (8         )
           Loss on early debt conversions and interest expense related to amortization of debt discount       5           
Non-GAAP other income (expense)                                                                              $          (3         )
                                                                                                                     

 About NVIDIA NVIDIA's NVDA, +0.17% invention of the GPU in 1999 sparked the growth of the PC gaming market, redefined modern computer graphics and revolutionized parallel computing. More recently, GPU deep learning ignited modern AI -- the next era of computing -- with the GPU acting as the brain of computers, robots and self-driving cars that can perceive and understand the world. More information at http://nvidianews.nvidia.com/. Certain statements in this press release including, but not limited to statements as to: the AI revolution continuing to accelerate; AI being the most important technology force of our time; the company's intended capital return for fiscal 2018; the company's next quarterly cash dividend; the company's financial outlook for the second quarter of fiscal 2018; the company's tax rates for the second quarter of fiscal 2018; and the impact and benefits of NVIDIA Tesla GPUs, NVIDIA's accelerated computing platform, NVIDIA DGX-1 AI systems, NVIDIA Jetson TX2, and partnerships with Bosch and PACCAR; and intended training of 100,000 developers this year through the NVIDIA Deep Learning Institute are forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause results to be materially different than expectations. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include: global economic conditions; our reliance on third parties to manufacture, assemble, package and test our products; the impact of technological development and competition; development of new products and technologies or enhancements to our existing product and technologies; market acceptance of our products or our partners' products; design, manufacturing or software defects; changes in consumer preferences or demands; changes in industry standards and interfaces; unexpected loss of performance of our products or technologies when integrated into systems; as well as other factors detailed from time to time in the reports NVIDIA files with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, including its Form 10-K for the fiscal period ended January 29, 2017. Copies of reports filed with the SEC are posted on the company's website and are available from NVIDIA without charge. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and speak only as of the date hereof, and, except as required by law, NVIDIA disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances. © 2017 NVIDIA Corporation. All rights reserved. NVIDIA, the NVIDIA logo, GeForce, Tesla, NVIDIA DGX-1 and Jetson are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of NVIDIA Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Other company and product names may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated. Features, pricing, availability, and specifications are subject to change without notice. For further information, contact: Shawn Simmons Investor Relations NVIDIA Corporation (408) 566-5784 ssimmons@nvidia.com Robert Sherbin Corporate Communications NVIDIA Corporation (408) 566-5150 rsherbin@nvidia.com � 2017 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Quote References NVDA +0.17 +0.17% Most Popular Yelp plummets as advertisers revolt Dying man claims he just borrowed $325K to go all-in on bitcoin amid record highs More than 40% of Americans won’t date a person who has this one financial problem Rushing to pay back a large student loan? You may want to think again Stealthy Home Security ‘Sees’ Without Cameras MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found NVIDIA Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: NVDA $102.94 +0.17 (+0.17%) Volume 13.5M Open $103.00 High $104.93 Low $102.66 P/E Ratio 40.37 Div Yield 0.54 Market Cap 61.1B NVIDIA Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: NVDA $102.94 +0.17 (+0.17%) Volume 13.5M Open $103.00 High $104.93 Low $102.66 P/E Ratio 40.37 Div Yield 0.54 Market Cap 61.1B NVIDIA Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: NVDA $102.94 +0.17 (+0.17%) Volume 13.5M Open $103.00 High $104.93 Low $102.66 P/E Ratio 40.37 Div Yield 0.54 Market Cap 61.1B
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out10:02 GMT +310 May 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm World In Focus Fault Lines Photo Video Infographics Live Search ‘We Cherish Nuclear Deterrents’: North Korea Affirms Resolve Against US Threats © Sputnik/ Iliya Pitalev Asia & Pacific 22:01 09.05.2017(updated 03:01 10.05.2017) Get short URL 31168142 As North Korea celebrated a milestone for its supreme leader on Tuesday, Pyongyang reemphasized its determination to continue fighting the US. Pyongyang was celebrating the first anniversary of Kim Jong-un ascending to the chairmanship of the Workers' Party of Korea, a position to which he was elected in early May 2016. The North’s state media organ, the Korean Central News Agency (KCNA), applauded Kim for helping the country weather what it views as aggression from Washington, saying, "The US and its followers adhered to its largest-ever nuclear threats and scheme for pressure and sanctions to rob us of everything we cherish. But our line of defense is an impregnable fortress," according to Yonhap News Agency.  © AP Photo/ Wong Maye-E US, S Korean Intel Try to Assassinate Kim Jong-un With Biochemical Weapon - Pyongyang Kim was elected at a rare party congress, and it was decided that his antecedents would be able to hold their titles posthumously. This meant that his father, Kim Jong-il, would remain the "eternal general secretary" and his grandfather Kim Il-sung would remain the "eternal president." Washington has leveled a number of sanctions against Pyongyang for its ongoing ballistic missile and nuclear weapons tests, and recently has riled the North by sending a Navy carrier strike group and a nuclear powered submarine near the Korean Peninsula. Rodong Sinmun, the official newspaper of the Central Committee of the Workers' Party, published an editorial in response, saying, "Our revolutionary forces are combat-ready to sink a US nuclear-powered aircraft carrier with a single strike … The United States should not run amok and should consider carefully any catastrophic consequence from its foolish military provocative act." © AP Photo/ Ford Williams/U.S. Navy 'Reckless Act of Invasion': Kim Jong-un Condemns US Strike Against Syria The vessels are in place as part of annual joint military drills with South Korea, drills that the North sees as a dry run for an invasion and removal of its top leadership. Washington has also deployed its Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system (THAAD) in South Korea, which has recently been made operational. The Democratic People’s Republic of Korea (DPRK) has maintained that its nuclear program is meant to counteract possible military action from the US, with the party’s newspaper writing in a separate piece, "At a time when we are going eyeball to eyeball with the US, the current grave situation on the peninsula calls for ceaselessly marching toward implementing tasks unveiled at the party congress," adding that the US, under President Donald Trump, "should first have correct understanding about us. We cherish nuclear deterrents and will not give up them whatever people say." ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 142 Related: South Korean Foreign Minister Urges UN to Mull Expelling North Korea North Korea Crisis: Pyongyang's Latest Ballistic Missile Test Ends in Failure ‘He Wants to Drag Us All Down’: Duterte Urges Restraint in Handling North Korea Trump Stops Short of Calling China Currency Manipulator Amid North Korea Crisis ASEAN States Urge North Korea to Immediately Comply With All Int'l Obligations Tags: North Korean nuclear program, anniversary, Workers' Party of Korea (WPK), Kim Jong-un, Democratic Republic of North Korea (DPRK) TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All commentsShow more comments (20) Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 09:35Putin Congratulates Moon With S Korea Presidential Election Victory 09:30Snowden Speaks Out Against FBI Director Comey's Firing 09:29Russian Deputy PM Arrives in India to Take Part in Session of Trade Commission 09:21Tillerson to Attend Lavrov-Trump Meeting in Washington - US State Department 09:16UK, Europe Should Form Extended 'European Energy' Union After BrexitAll news 2017 Victory Day Parade in Moscow (VIDEO) 9762 Exit Polls Show Macron Winning Against Le Pen in French Runoff Vote With 60% 7473 Lavrov Unveils Why NATO Sent Ties With Russia Into Deep Freeze 7319 Satellite Images: Beijing Installing Missile Systems on South China Sea Islands 6911 Syrian Special Forces Blow up Nusra Tunnels in Damascus Suburb (VIDEO) 6448All news Lavrov Unveils Why NATO Sent Ties With Russia Into Deep Freeze 37 Who is Mr. Putin? West Still Can't Figure Out Russian President 29 WATCH: Video of Muslim Woman Harassed at US Supermarket Goes Viral 28 Dissent Denied: ‘Emergency’ US State Law to Silence Protesters 27 FBI Director James Comey Fired By Trump - White House 26All news Recommended Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics From Red Square to Airbase in Syria: Russia Celebrates WWII Victory Day Giving America the Cold Shoulder Results of the French Presidential Election News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics DIS YELP Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Nvidia jumps by double digits on stellar Q1 report >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Hot Stocks > Nvidia Corporation (NVDA) Stock Has Plenty of Growth Ahead Nvidia is not just a graphics card supplier -- NVDA stock has other drivers By Chris Lau, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  May 9, 2017, 12:40 pm EDT     Popular Posts: Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Stock Is Running Full Speed Ahead Nvidia Corporation (NVDA) Stock Has Plenty of Growth Ahead Apple Inc.’s (AAPL) iPhone Potentially Under Threat From Samsung Galaxy 8 Recent Posts: Nvidia Corporation (NVDA) Stock Has Plenty of Growth Ahead Apple Inc.’s (AAPL) iPhone Potentially Under Threat From Samsung Galaxy 8 Can 3D Systems Corporation (DDD) Stock Keep Up Its Go-Go 2017? View All Posts In the last three months, shares of Nvidia Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) have been trending between the $95 – $110 range. Valuations are unfavorably high: the stock trades at a 41x P/E and a 31x forward P/E. Conversely, chip giant Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) is investing its business in automated driving technology, pays a dividend yielding nearly 3% and trades at a 16x P/E. Source: Shutterstock Nvidia’s competitor, Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD) reported quarterly results that failed to meet lofty expectations. Its shares fell around 25% on the day. When Nvidia reports quarterly results after the market closes on May 9, investors will look closely at its graphics cards sales in its first quarter. First-Quarter Expectations for NVDA Stock The first quarter is usually seasonally the weakest. Consumers bought PC and game console hardware the quarter before, during the holidays. Businesses spent whatever remained in the budget by year-end. Still, PC sales may have picked up in the quarter. Intel refreshed its CPUs with Kaby Lake processors. AMD updated its desktop CPUs with Ryzen. Customers may have paired the upgrade with an Nvidia graphics card. HP Inc (NASDAQ:HPQ) is an example of a computer supplier where seasonality did not have any impact on quarterly results. In its first quarter, HP reported revenue growing 4% to $12.68 billion. Unlike AMD, whose shares face a short float of 14.5%, bearishness on Nvidia’s stock is low at 4.8%. NVDA is highly diversified, investing its business in growing markets. AMD relies heavily on the GPU and PC market for growth. But NVDA is making progress in AI (artificial intelligence) and self-driving cars. Revenue growth from these new markets will insulate it from a slowdown in GPU sales. Car companies like Volvo have Nvidia chips powering the self-driving cars. On its conference call, the CEO said it expected these vehicles will be available on the road this year. The backend systems that power the neural networks for this technology are Nvidia’s Tesla GPUs. Nvidia has several SKUs of Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) processors that high-performance computers need. These chips cover many markets: “There’s the Tesla processors used for high-performance computing, and it has FP64, FP32, ECC, it’s designed, and has CUDA of course, and it has been optimized for molecular dynamics, astrophysics, quantum chemistry, fluid dynamics, the list goes on and on. “ Source: SA Transcript Artificial Intelligence and the Nintendo Switch Nvidia’s end-to-end computing platform suits designing for AI. AI requires machines having the ability to deep learn and requires massive amounts of computational power. Nvidia is developing neural networks powered by programmable GPUs. Clearly, Nvidia’s growth prospects extend beyond PC graphics card. Fundamental changes in the global technology environment are shifting demand for computing solutions towards AI. Nvidia is at the forefront of this shift. Strong adoption for the Nintendo (OTCMKTS:NTDOY) Switch should add to Nvidia’s bottom line. Last month, sales of the handheld console outpaced that of Sony Corp (ADR)’s (NYSE:SNE) Playstation and Microsoft Corporation’s (NASDAQ:MSFT) Xbox. As Nintendo rolls out popular game titles on its platform, sales will continue growing. Though revenue from gaming is around 50%, shareholders still benefit from Nvidia making money in this hot market. Takeaway on NVDA Stock Nvidia is an attractive growth stock. Its share price may scare value investors, but those who want exposure to the computer GPU, AI and autonomous driving technology space should consider holding this stock. As of this writing, Chris Lau did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/05/plenty-of-growth-ahead-for-nvidia-corporation-nvda/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Stocks to Buy Now for BIG Summer Outperformance Yelp Torched by 28% on Horrific Earnings 5 Top Dividend Stocks Across the Globe 2 Fast Food Stocks to Buy, and 2 to Avoid 3 Airline Stocks Making a Powerful Upside Breakout Facebook Is Losing a War With Itself ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks Walt Disney Co (DIS) Stock Sunk by ESPN AGAIN 7 Stocks to Buy Now for BIG Summer Outperformance 5 Top Dividend Stocks From Across the Globe 2 Fast Food Stocks to Buy, and 2 to Avoid 3 Airline Stocks Making a Powerful Upside Breakout Most Popular 10 Hot Stocks to Sell Before They Hit the Wall The 10 Best Growth Stocks You Can Buy Right Now 10 Dividend Stocks That Will Deliver Double-Digit Returns Every Year Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Is a Great Buy … If You Wait 3 Bank Stocks That Can Bank You Free Profits 10 Simply Safe Dividend Stocks to Buy for Retirement Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snap beat expectations in its first quarterly report? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Welcome, Guest Log in | Register Home   Slideshows   Blogs   IT Downloads   Research Center   Newsletters   Sponsored Content IT Management   Data Center   Cloud   Careers   Mobility   Security   Enterprise Apps   Social Media   Big Data   Internet of Things Home      Blogs      Unfiltered Opinion      Michael Dell’s Dell EMC World Keynote: Realize Related Content Topic :  A Big Market for Big Data Jobs  If you think there isn’t a connection between home improvement and Big Data, reconsider, because Big Data is becoming a part of just about every major industry. Blog :  Former HP Talent Chief: ‘The Culture of HP Was Not an Inclusive Culture’ Article :  Cybersecurity Ventures Top 50 Security Companies to Watch Michael Dell’s Dell EMC World Keynote: Realize Rob Enderle |   Unfiltered Opinion   |   Posted 09 May, 2017          |         |     Share This is the first truly combined event between Dell and EMC since the merger and one thing hits you right off. A ton of people are at this thing. This is scary rock concert big and you get a sense of scale that, currently, no other firm can match. Dell reaches from gaming PCs to hyperconverged systems, it leads in a whopping 15 Gartner Magic quadrants and, depending on segment, it’s in between 70 percent and 100 percent of virtually any grouping of customer companies. Let me break down some of the elements of this talk. Setting the Stage Dell sets the stage by talking about what makes Dell EMC different. It is a blend of the scale and scope of the company, combined with the unique fact that it is private which, Michael Dell argues, results in the only technology of scale that is agile. He is pointing out again that going public creates a massive drag on a firm’s ability to change with the market or customer needs. I’m still surprised that Dell pretty much stands alone in this, even though it is clear that most other firms of scale are struggling with their “activist” investors, which are mostly hedge funds that want to kill the firm in order to spike the stock. Boeing It is really important in keynotes at this scale that they are about the customers and not just about the capabilities and products of the vendor. Boeing was first up. Arguably the most powerful aerospace company in the world, it has a scope that nearly encompasses the entire breadth of Dell’s products and services. It is a 20-year relationship and Boeing testified that this relationship was critical to its success. One of the critical products that Boeing is using is apparently Pivotal Cloud Foundry, effectively helping transform Boeing into a more software-centric company so Boeing can move more quickly. Sony Sony was used to showcase specifically how Dell EMC was helping the firm transform movie creation. Movies today are packed with technology; rendered scenes define movies like the new Spiderman movie and render farms often are both the problem and solution to getting movies out in a timely manner. Sony attested that Dell was critical to its ability to get these movies to market quickly. Jaguar/Land Rover I’m a Jaguar driver, I have two of them, and I’ve signed up to buy the new iPace, the all-electric car, which was designed using Dell EMC’s tools and launched using VR with Dell’s technologies. I was at the launch and it was an impressive way to give an audience the feeling of being in a car that didn’t really exist in final form yet. Apparently, there are Jaguars on the show floor, which I’ll have to check out later. Securing the Infrastructure One of the biggest concerns that surrounds IT today is security. Dell has one of the broadest tool sets, thanks to the merger, including VMware, RSA, SecureWorks, Mozy and other offerings. This provides a layered approach to security that, in terms of depth and breadth, also appears unmatched. Chief Customer Officer Karen Quintos Karen Quintos is the most powerful woman at Dell EMC as the chief customer officer, and she is in charge of assuring customer loyalty. She spoke to a firm that is working on Transitional Genomics with Dell to personalize health care. Currently, it is focused on a very specialized area of pediatric cancer research, neuroblastoma. They are apparently now broadening the research into Alzheimer’s disease. Another effort that Dell EMC is working on is to intercept the plastic that is currently going into oceans and repurposing it for manufacturing PCs, and it is using this as a template for what other companies can do to protect the oceans (current projections indicate there will be more plastic bottles in the ocean than fish by 2050). David Blaine David Blaine, the magician, got on stage and first worked with Michael Dell and then with members of the audience with some sleight of hand tricks. The issue that he was there to correct is the tendency for an audience to start doing email and disengaging during a talk like this. I will say this: When the guy put the ice pick through his hand, all eyes were back on stage and email generation dropped off a cliff. It was interesting that the presentation used a Dell rack-mounted server as the table on which the tricks were done. Dell EMC President David Goulden David Goulden, Dell EMC president, is the guy who effectively runs the tightly merged parts of Dell EMC and he was solidly on the digital transformation business. He suggested three steps: First modernize, then automate, and finally transform IT operations. Apparently, Dell just finished a large survey that indicated that firms that have completed this process have freed up 33 percent of their budget and are now executing at a speed where they are regularly exceeding delivery expectations for new applications. They are better, faster and cheaper than they were before. Goulden then went through the series of critical announcements from Dell EMC. Diane Bryant Intel’s data center leader, Diane Bryant, went on stage to speak about Dell EMC’s and Intel’s close relationship with regard to the new 14G servers coming to market (far faster, far more automated than prior generations). Bryant was one of the most powerful women at Intel and folks were surprised at the recent announcement that she would be stepping out of the company. It was nice to see her on stage. These servers have massive increases in flash and GPU density, which is how they get to their vastly higher performance numbers. Wrapping Up: Keynotes are about setting the tone for a conference. An interesting difference with this one was the massive breadth as they even mentioned Alienware on stage. It really provided a sense of just how broad Dell has become. In addition, the break in the middle was unique. This idea of getting eyeballs back on stage was effective, I think. These things can get a bit dry and I’ve never really understood, given that many of these things are in Las Vegas, why entertainment isn’t used more often to bring the eyes back on stage. Finally, the efforts that Dell is making to address illnesses that affect both ends of the human age range and help drive efforts to remove plastics from the ocean were compelling, because they did good and because they showcased unique Dell EMC advantages. Apparently, I will have a very full three days here. Rob Enderle is President and Principal Analyst of the Enderle Group, a forward-looking emerging technology advisory firm.  With over 30 years’ experience in emerging technologies, he has provided regional and global companies with guidance in how to better target customer needs; create new business opportunities; anticipate technology changes; select vendors and products; and present their products in the best possible light. Rob covers the technology industry broadly. Before founding the Enderle Group, Rob was the Senior Research Fellow for Forrester Research and the Giga Information Group, and held senior positions at IBM and ROLM. Follow Rob on Twitter @enderle, on Facebook and on Google+   Subscribe to our Newsletters Sign up now and get the best business technology insights direct to your inbox. SUBSCRIBE            |         |     Share Add Comment      Leave a comment on this blog post Please enable Javascript in your browser, before you post the comment! Now Javascript is disabled. Post a comment  Your name/nickname  Your email  WebSite  Subject (Maximum characters: 1200). You have 1200 characters left.     Subscribe to our Newsletters Sign up now and get the best business technology insights direct to your inbox. SUBSCRIBE   Subscribe to our Newsletters Sign up now and get the best business technology insights direct to your inbox. SUBSCRIBE   Property of Quinstreet Enterprise. Sitemap | Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | About Us | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright © 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2014 Quinstreet Inc. All right reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Amit Pawar Automotive Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Market Growth Opportunities by Regions, Type & Application; Trend Forecast to 2022 Automotive Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Market provides detailed market segment level data on the international market. The Automotive Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) market report addresses forecast and growth patterns by company, regions and type or application from 2017 to 2022. The Global Automotive Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. The Automotive Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) market research report introduce incorporates analysis of definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. Besides this, the Automotive Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) market report also consists of development trends, competitive landscape analysis, and key regions development status. The report starts with a basic Automotive Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) market overview. It also acts as a vital tool to industries active across the value chain and for new entrants by enabling them to take advantage of the opportunities and develop business strategies. Automotive Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Market by Key Players: Google, IBM, Intel, Honda Motor, Panasonic and Many More…. Get Sample PDF @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10617037 Automotive Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) market report helps the companies to better understand the market trends and to grasp opportunities and articulate critical business strategies. Also includes company profiles of market key players contact information, gross capacity, product details of each firm, price, and cost are covered. Automotive Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Market by Product Type: Bring Your Own Phone (BYOP), Bring Your Own Personal Computer (BYOPC), Other Major Applications of Automotive Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Market: Passenger Vehicle, Commercial Vehicle. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Automotive Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Market Research Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10617037 This section of the Automotive Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) market research report includes analysis of major raw materials suppliers, manufacturing equipment suppliers, major players of the Automotive Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) industry, key consumers, and supply chain relationship. The contact information is also provided along with this analysis. Several important areas are covered in this Automotive Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) market research report. Some key points among them: –Automotive Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Market Competition by Manufacturers; Automotive Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2011-2016); Automotive Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016); Automotive Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type; Automotive Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Market Analysis by Application; Automotive Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis; Automotive Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Manufacturing Cost Analysis; Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers; Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders; Market Effect Factors Analysis; Automotive Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Market Forecast (2016-2022); Along with this, analysis of depreciation cost, manufacturing cost structure, manufacturing process is also carried out. Price, cost, and gross analysis of the Automotive Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) market is also included in this section. For Any Query on Automotive Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) market, Speak to Expert@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10617037    The Automotive Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) market research report shed light on Foremost Regions: United States, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India. The Automotive Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) industry research report is a valuable source of guidance and direction. It is helpful for established businesses, new entrants in the market as well as individuals interested in the market. The Automotive Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) market report provides important statistics on the existing state of the said market. CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsAuto Parts & Equipment, Automation, Automobiles, Automotive, Automotive Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Market, Automotive Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Market Analysis, Automotive Retail, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious SEACOR Holdings Announces Results for Its First Quarter Ended March 31, 2017 Next PostNext Global CBRN Defense Market Is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 5% by 2021 Search Recent Posts 2017 Residential Roofing Industry: Unites States Trend, Profit, and Key Manufacturers Analysis Report Alpha Methyl Styrene Market: Global Industry Analysis and Forecast 2016 – 2026 Global Variable Valve Actuation Sales Production, Supply, Sales and Demand Market Research Report Global Thermal Protective Gear Market from 2017 to 2022 Forecast and Analysis Research Report made available by Orbis Research Oral Vaccines Sales Market Analytical Overview, Growth Factors, Demand and Trends Forecast Report till 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics DIS YELP Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Nvidia jumps by double digits on stellar Q1 report >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Hot Stocks > What Can Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock Do for You? AMD stock will always be a trader's play, but what does it have to offer longer-term investors? By Dana Blankenhorn, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  May 9, 2017, 11:07 am EDT     View All   Popular Posts: Cry for International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) Stock, Not for Buffett Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Is Losing a War With Itself Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Dips After Solid Q1 Earnings Beat Recent Posts: What Can Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock Do for You? Plug Power Inc (PLUG) Stock Delivers a Loss Despite Amazon.com, Inc’s (AMZN) Boost Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Is Losing a War With Itself View All Posts Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD) delivered a great run to investors from early 2016 until this spring, rising from $2 per share up to nearly $15 in April. It was around then that I called AMD stock overvalued — more risk than reward. Source: Shutterstock Since that call, the shares are down 30%, highlighted by a plunge of more than $2 per share when earnings came out May 2. Those numbers — a GAAP loss of $73 million (8 cents per share) on revenue of $984 million — now have analysts at Goldman Sachs yelling “sell, sell, sell,” saying shares are priced to perfection even after their recent fall. What investors should do in the wake of such a quick boom-and-bust cycle is go back to fundamentals, ask what AMD stock can really do for them, then set realistic expectations for it and decide for themselves if they want to buy. What AMD Can Do At its current market cap of $9.54 billion, Advanced Micro Devices’ shares are selling at about 2.5 times the company’s revenue — earnings multiples are useless here since there are no earnings. Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC), which is profitable and even delivers dividends yielding almost 3%, has about $60 billion in annual revenue on a $170 billion market cap, meaning its P/S ratio is about 3. Because AMD is “fabless,” designing chips rather than producing them, it can get good margins on designs the market likes, and avoid production costs when its designs fall from favor. The growth of AMD stock is tied to its Radeon graphics chips, which compete with the Nvidia Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) GeForce line, and Ryzen microprocessors, which compete with Intel. Their calling card is competitive performance at a lower price, with Radeon production ramping-up in graphics cards selling for under $100 and with a full line of “Vega” gaming cards to come. Advanced Micro gets a pop on both sales and margins when it releases a new chip line-up, in other words, but that pop is often short-lived, and it may be with Ryzen. AMD hype peaked when early reviews on the new Ryzen chip were positive. But the company then warned in its earnings release that Ryzen margins are not going to expand once that processor is in full production, and Ryzen prices are already deteriorating. Ryzen has recently gained share against Intel, but that gain depends on its maintaining lower prices and, thus, lower margins. I Can Haz Profit? Making Advanced Micro Devices profitable requires sales gains without bigger development budgets. The case for AMD stock is based on the idea that it has just completed a major development cycle, that it can tweak its designs to maintain share, and that it can sell that production at fair margins. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/05/what-can-advanced-micro-devices-inc-amd-stock-do-for-you/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Stocks to Buy Now for BIG Summer Outperformance Yelp Torched by 28% on Horrific Earnings 5 Top Dividend Stocks Across the Globe 2 Fast Food Stocks to Buy, and 2 to Avoid 3 Airline Stocks Making a Powerful Upside Breakout Facebook Is Losing a War With Itself ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks Walt Disney Co (DIS) Stock Sunk by ESPN AGAIN 7 Stocks to Buy Now for BIG Summer Outperformance 5 Top Dividend Stocks From Across the Globe 2 Fast Food Stocks to Buy, and 2 to Avoid 3 Airline Stocks Making a Powerful Upside Breakout Most Popular 10 Hot Stocks to Sell Before They Hit the Wall The 10 Best Growth Stocks You Can Buy Right Now 10 Dividend Stocks That Will Deliver Double-Digit Returns Every Year Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Is a Great Buy … If You Wait 3 Bank Stocks That Can Bank You Free Profits 10 Simply Safe Dividend Stocks to Buy for Retirement Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snap beat expectations in its first quarterly report? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman AWE 2017 Announces Keynote Speakers and Agenda for World’s Largest AR+VR Conference SANTA CLARA, Calif., May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — AWE (Augmented World Expo), the world’s largest and longest running conference and expo dedicated to augmented and virtual reality, today announced its most comprehensive agenda ever of AR+VR technologists and Fortune 500 keynotes and sessions for AWE 2017. AWE has become the must-attend event focusing on the world-changing power of AR+VR, with individuals and industry coming together to share applications that will profoundly shape the future of work and life. AWE’s extraordinary agenda this year includes 300+ speakers, with keynotes by „Shots of Awe” filmmaker, philosopher and futurist Jason Silva, „The Fourth Transformation” author and Transformative Group partner Robert Scoble, and game designer, author and Carnegie Mellon scholar Jesse Schell. Reflecting the rapid proliferation of AR+VR technologies across all public and private sectors, new additions to the AWE lineup include major mainstream brands, like Audi, the U.S. Olympic Committee, NASA, Boeing, Lowe’s, Shazam, Wayfair, Walmart, 3M, Technicolor and Bosch, as well as technology icons Google, Epson, Huawei, Intel, Microsoft, NVIDIA, Oculus, Unity, Qualcomm, Samsung, Sony and Vuforia. Historically, AWE has annually hosted the longest and most inventive list of AR+VR startups to be seen anywhere, including CN2, innovation.rocks, Kopin, ODG, DAQRI, Meta, RE’FLEKT, Scope AR, twnkls, Wikitude, Zappar and many more. The eighth annual AWE conference will welcome thousands of attendees from around the world to the Santa Clara Convention Center, May 31-June 2. Event details and registration are live at http://www.augmentedworldexpo.com. AR+VR technology industry visionaries – Attendees will hear keynotes and discussion panels on the future of AR+VR consumer and enterprise technology led by industry futurists and pioneers, hardware, software and mainstream brands, and investors and venture capitalists. Noted industry executives scheduled to speak on the AWE stage include: Jim Heppelmann, President & CEO, PTC Rikard Steiber – President Viveport & SVP Virtual Reality, HTC Vive Achin Bhowmik – Vice President & General Manager, Perceptual Computing Group, Intel Zvi Greenstein – General Manager, Nvidia Gaia Dempsey – Co-founder & VP, DAQRI Ralph Osterhout – CEO, Osterhout Design Group Tony Parisi – Global Head of VR/AR, Unity Technologies Mounir Zok – Director of Technology & Innovation, United States Olympic Committee Jerri Ellsworth – Co-founder, castAR Tim Leland – VP Product Management, Qualcomm Jay Wright, President & General Manager, Vuforia, PTC Rachel Sibley – VP Product, Leap Motion Edward Tang – Co-founder & CTO, Avegant Meron Gribetz – Founder & CEO, Meta Max Cecchini – VP Digital Innovation, Luxottica Ana Serrano – Chief Digital Officer, Canadian Film Centre Tish Shute – Director AR/VR, Corporate Technology Strategy, Huawei Fabio Santini – Chief Product Officer, Shazam Kyle Nel – Executive Director of Lowe’s Innovation Labs, Lowe’s Home Improvement John C.C. Fan – CEO & Chairman of the Board, Kopin Corporation Richard Lucquet – Head of AR/VR Product & Strategy, Verizon Gary Radburn – Director of VR/AR, Dell Tom Furness – Founder, Virtual Worlds Society Ruth Bram – Producer, Oculus/Facebook Steven Feiner – Professor, Columbia University More than 300 breakout sessions covering many of AR+VR tech’s hottest topics – Sessions will be presented from AR+VR thought leaders on best practices and uses cases of AR+VR within the consumer and enterprise space along with workshops tailored for designers and developers on creating content for these technologies. AWE 2017 sessions cover a wide range of topics including manufacturing, training, transportation, retail, healthcare, aerospace, media, entertainment, marketing and advertising and more. Supporting quotes „Together, iconic technology companies, Fortune 500 brands and pure platform startups are building groundbreaking experiences and business models using augmented and virtual reality, at a pace we’ve never seen before,” said Ori Inbar, founder and executive producer of AWE. „We are excited to have AWE back in Silicon Valley this year for what we expect to be our biggest and most inclusive event yet. AWE has become the premier deal-making marketplace for the AR+VR industry, where Fortune 500 companies find business solutions, strategic partnerships are forged, funds raised, talent hired, and new startups are born.” „IDC* recently projected that the augmented and virtual reality spend will grow from $6.1 billion last year to $143.3 billion by 2020,” said Tom Emrich, partner, Super Ventures and co-producer of AWE. „This implies an imminent seismic shift in AR+VR technology use from primarily consumer entertainment and retail experiences to the broader world of sales, training, field work, energy, military and medical applications—all of which echo the theme for this year’s event ‚Superpowers to Change the World.'”  „The augmented reality revolution fulfills the dream of turning our minds inside out,” said Jason Silva, „Shots of Awe” filmmaker and AWE 2017 keynoter. „With applications and experiences poised to transform every facet of modern life, I am very excited to participate in this year’s AWE.” In search for the best-of-the-best in AR+VR with the Auggie Awards Each year, companies big and small pave the way for the continued success of AR+VR through unexpected innovations. The coveted Auggie Awards have recognized these contributions annually since 2010. Now in its 8th year, the Auggies continue to showcase the best-of-the-best with 200 nominations across 10 categories.  Public voting is open April 29 to May 22 via the Auggie Awards portal. Winners will be announced at AWE USA 2017 on June 1, 2017. More about Augmented World Expo AWE (Augmented World Expo) is the largest AR+VR conference and expo showcasing technologies which are augmenting our human capabilities, turning ordinary experiences into the extraordinary and empowering people to be better at anything they do in work and life: Superpowers to the People. AWE USA 2017 will feature over 300 speakers and 200 exhibitors leading the charge in augmented and virtual reality. Join over PTC attendees to explore over 100,000 square feet of cutting-edge demonstrations. For more information and to register to attend, please visit www.augmentedworldexpo.com. Journalists can request a complimentary press pass to Augmented Reality Expo 2017 by emailing jennifer@lightspeedpr.com. Please follow Augmented World Expo on twitter at @ARealityEvent and #AWE2017. More about Augmentedreality.org AWE is produced by AugmentedReality.ORG a 501 (c) (6) non-profit organization. All profits are reinvested in AR.ORG‚s services. Its mission is to Advance Augmented Reality to Advance Humanity. It’s Goal: 1 billion active users of AR by 2020. AR.org facilitates and catalyzes the global and regional transformation of the AR industry by Educating and boosting awareness about the real power of AR  Connecting the best talent around the world with the best in AR  Hatching AR initiatives and helping bring them to market *Source: IDC Worldwide Semiannual Augmented and Virtual Reality Spending Guide, February 2017 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/awe-2017-announces-keynote-speakers-and-agenda-for-worlds-largest-arvr-conference-300454339.html SOURCE Augmented World Expo Related Links http://www.augmentedworldexpo.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsNot For Profit, Trade Show News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious National Western Life Group, Inc. Announces 2017 First Quarter Earnings Next PostNext 1450 Franklin, San Francisco’s Highly Anticipated Boutique Condominium Property, Achieves 70 Percent Sold Milestone Search Recent Posts Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Industrial valves Market Worldwide: Latest Industry Trends, Trades, Supply, Demand, Future prospects by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Search the TechTarget Network Join CW+ Login Register Cookies News In Depth Blogs Opinion Videos Photo Stories Premium Content IT Salary Survey 2017 RSS IT Management IT leadership & CW500 IT architecture IT efficiency Governance Innovation Legislation & regulation Operations & support Project management Strategy Supplier management Business issues Sponsored Communities Industry Sectors Healthcare IT Charity IT Business services IT Financial services IT Government & public sector IT Leisure & hospitality IT Manufacturing IT Media & entertainment IT Retail IT SME IT Telecoms & internet Transport & travel IT Utilities IT IT suppliers Technology Topics Datacentre View All Clustering for high availability and HPC Containers Converged infrastructure Datacentre backup power and power distribution Datacentre capacity planning Datacentre cooling infrastructure Disaster recovery/security Green IT Performance, monitoring and optimisation Systems management DevOps IaaS Server and Operating Systems PaaS Virtualisation SaaS Desktop virtualisation platforms Enterprise software View All AI and automation Business applications Business intelligence Cloud applications Collaboration CRM Database ERP Financial applications HR software Middleware Microservices Windows Mobile Open source Operating systems SOA Software development Software licensing Virtualisation Web software IT in Europe and Middle East View All IT in Germany IT in Italy IT in Poland IT in Russia IT in Spain IT in the Middle East IT in The Netherlands IT in Turkey IT in France IT in the Nordics Information Management View All Big data Business intelligence and analytics BPM Content management Quality/governance Data warehousing Database management MDM/Integration IT in Asia-Pacific View All IT in Australia & New Zealand Internet View All Cloud E-commerce Internet infrastructure Social media Web development IT skills View All Training Jobs Management skills Technical skills Hardware View All Chips & processors Printers Storage Data centre Mobile Networking PC Servers IT security View All Antivirus Secure Coding and Application Programming Continuity Cloud security Data Breach Incident Management and Recovery Endpoint and NAC Protection Cybercrime IAM Risk management Network Security Management Data protection Compliance Regulation and Standard Requirements Security policy and user awareness Web Application Security IT services View All Cloud Consultancy Outsourcing Hosting Offshore Startups Mobile View All Laptop Mobile software Mobile networking Smartphone Tablet Networking View All Datacentre networking Internet of Things Mobile Network hardware Network monitoring and analysis Network routing and switching Network security strategy Network software Software-defined networking Telecoms networks and broadband communications Unified communications VoIP WAN performance and optimisation Wireless Storage View All Cloud storage Compliance and storage Backup Disaster recovery Flash and SSDs Hyper-convergence Object storage Disk systems Software-defined storage Storage switches Storage management Storage performance Virtualisation and storage Please select a category Datacentre Enterprise software IT in Europe and Middle East Information Management IT in Asia-Pacific Internet IT skills Hardware IT security IT services Mobile Networking Storage Follow: buchachon - Fotolia Nexsan Unity goes all-flash but leaves NVMe on the back-burner Antony Adshead Storage Editor Nexsan Unity arrays already have SAN, NAS and file sync and share, and now add all-flash and policy-based archiving, but there’s no NVMe on the roadmap for now This Article Covers Disk systems RELATED TOPICS Cloud storage Compliance and storage Backup Disaster recovery Flash and SSDs Hyper-convergence Sections Share this item with your network: Related Content Upgraded Nexsan Unity unified arrays get jolt of flash – SearchStorage Nexsan, EMC fight over 'Unity' name – SearchStorage Dell EMC to 'stay the course' with flash storage ... – SearchStorage Latest News Blockchain gains momentum in the Middle East Hotel booking site Trivago powers collaboration with Dropbox Aruba Atmosphere: Machine learning to transform networking View All News Latest Blog Posts GDPR: Why print is a crucial element of endpoint security – Quocirca Insights How to drive 'high-traffic' database apps over changing database topology – Open Source Insider View All Blogs Download Computer Weekly In The Current Issue: Building, recruiting and retaining digital talent for an automated tech-driven future Private cloud: Orchestration, storage and containers Executive interview: Gideon Mann, head of data science, Bloomberg Download Current Issue Nexsan has upgraded its Unity multiprotocol storage arrays with all-flash options, Intel Xeon processors, increased memory, boosted capacities and bandwidths. Download this free guide How to soar your storage performances? The latest PCIe and NVMe technologies offer huge performance gains. Discover their features in this expert guide Start Download Corporate E-mail Address: You forgot to provide an Email Address. This email address doesn’t appear to be valid. This email address is already registered. Please login. You have exceeded the maximum character limit. Please provide a Corporate E-mail Address. By submitting my Email address I confirm that I have read and accepted the Terms of Use and Declaration of Consent. By submitting your personal information, you agree that TechTarget and its partners may contact you regarding relevant content, products and special offers. You also agree that your personal information may be transferred and processed in the United States, and that you have read and agree to the Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy. It also has integrated policy-based migration – Unity Active Archive – which can be managed from the array UI. Meanwhile, Nexsan has decided to hold off on introducing NVMe capability on grounds of cost and fit with its customer base. Nexsan’s unified storage arrays – which allow SAN and NAS access as well as file sync and share – have been upgraded with Intel Xeon processors, a leap of two generations from previous processors and a performance jump of around 6x, according to Nexsan founder Gary Watson. Also, all-flash options of Nexsan arrays are now available in boxes from entry-level to high-end. And flash has become standard as an accelerator cache, with two slots reserved at least in all array configurations. Now the entry level 2200 series can house up to 182TB of flash or 280TB of spinning disk (plus flash acceleration). The mid-range 4400 series can scale to 1.7PB with spinning disk and 737TB as an all-flash array. The high end 6900 goes to 4.6TB or 1.6PB as an all-flash array. “We’re seeing a transformation in which customers are transitioning to flash as a mainstream option,” said Watson. Read more about flash storage When it comes to choosing between hybrid flash and all-flash storage, the question is increasingly not how much flash is enough, but whether you still need any disk at all. Computer Weekly surveys an all-flash array market in which the big six in storage have largely settled on strategy, but key new technologies – such as TLC flash and 3D NAND – are emerging. Unity Active Archive comes from Nexsan’s Assureon, which has existed as a separate product – with an object storage-based back-end – for the best part of 10 years. The issue was that the Unity operating environment was Unix-based and Assureon didn’t have a Unix client. Nexsan therefore developed one, and policy-based archiving can now be run from the Unity UI. When asked about NVMe, Watson said Nexsan has developed a “24-bay NVMe product with IOPS around the 10 million mark about two years ago”. “We just about got it working, but decided it was not our core focus,” he said. “We might go back to it later this year. We’ll focus on what we’re doing, but if we decide to play in it [NVMe], we know how to.” “But to get the advantages of NVMe you need to transfer bare metal over the wire, which means NVMe-over-fabrics. Unity today has iSCSI, Fibre Channel and NAS protocols, so it’s hard to see the usefulness of that.” The controller bottleneck problem Watson also discussed the issue of the controller bottleneck to providing NVMe-based storage, with features such as snapshots, replication, data reduction and encryption. “When you’re providing five to 10 million IOPS, you have to throw some serious hardware at those features to make them work instead of slow things down.” CW+ Features Enjoy the benefits of CW+ membership, learn more and join. E-Handbook A Computer Weekly buyer’s guide to next-generation storage E-Handbook IT Project: Hyper-converged Infrastructure E-Handbook NVMe flash storage 101 Read more on SAN, NAS, solid state, RAID All News In Depth Blog Posts Opinion Photo Stories Elastifile goes to market with a parallel file system for the hybrid cloud Red Hat adds Gluster metadata cache and container deployment Analytics sell Tegile hybrid flash as college replaces iSCSI Big storage revenues face continued decline but for Big Blue things look worse Load More View All Red Hat adds Gluster metadata cache and container deployment Analytics sell Tegile hybrid flash as college replaces iSCSI HPE boosts MSA and StoreVirtual with sub-$10,000 flash storage options NetApp Solidfire adds high-end SF19210 all-flash array Load More View All News PCIe SSD: Cache vs storage tier NAS vs object: Which one for large volumes of unstructured data? OpenStack Swift 101: the object store for OpenStack apps Erasure coding vs Raid for disk rebuilds Load More View All In Depth Elastifile goes to market with a parallel file system for the hybrid cloud Big storage revenues face continued decline but for Big Blue things look worse Brisk growth for storage in China; and a who’s who of Chinese data storage companies Nutanix’s IPO launches hyper-converged but can it escape the rules of the storage universe? Load More View All Blog Post Software-defined storage: a proxy for storage transformation Server-side flash cache pros outweigh cons for many Scale-out set to eclipse scale-up for enterprise storage Hybrid flash hot, all-flash not, in 2014 storage M&As Load More View All Opinion UK's fastest supercomputer upgrades to 2Pflops and 5PB of tiered storage Wellcome Trust maps big data genetics with DDN HPC storage View All Photo Stories Start the conversation 0 comments Send me notifications when other members comment. Add My Comment Register Login Forgot your password? Forgot your password? No problem! Submit your e-mail address below. We'll send you an email containing your password. Submit Your password has been sent to: By submitting you agree to receive email from TechTarget and its partners. If you reside outside of the United States, you consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States. Privacy Please create a username to comment. Oldest  Newest  -ADS BY GOOGLE Latest TechTarget resources CIO Security Networking Data Center Data Management SearchCIO Follow this cloud implementation methodology for legacy apps Maximizing the benefits of cloud while minimizing risk requires a fine-tuned migration strategy. Here, Scott Lowe lays out a ... Failure is a critical component for blockchain development Validity, consensus and immutability are the core components of blockchain, and all three have failed. Cornell's Emin Gun Sirer ... Signs point to cloud future at Red Hat Summit 2017 The open source software company is transitioning from its Linux roots to cloud services. SearchSecurity Intel AMT security risk could lead to system access Servers may have been at risk of attack for years because of an Intel AMT security risk that was recently disclosed before ... Microsoft out of band patch hits the day before Patch Tuesday The evening before Patch Tuesday, Microsoft released an emergency out of band patch for a dangerous Windows flaw teased by the ... Identifying and addressing overlooked web security vulnerabilities Certain web security vulnerabilities evade detection due to oversight or carelessness. Expert Kevin Beaver discusses the top ... SearchNetworking Dell EMC makes its NOS standard on new open networking switches Dell EMC has made its network operating system standard on the vendor's latest open networking switches, which include the ... Cisco-Viptela deal first step of segment consolidation? This week, bloggers look into the Cisco-Viptela acquisition, barriers to hybrid cloud adoption and improving cloud analytics for ... Future networks jettison traditional networking thinking Software-defined networking gets all the headlines, but there's another trend gaining traction in future networks: software-based... SearchDataCenter HCI updates bring cloud-style pricing to the on-premises data center Data center hardware can now be bought based on just what you use, not the one big bill that has long a cornerstone of on-prem ... Sharpen your server management and monitoring strategy Effective server management requires monitoring, documentation and, sometimes, a move off premises. Discover top server ... A converged infrastructure strategy requires a when as well as a why A converged system's appeal comes from having an optimized platform that removes significant complexity from an IT environment. ... SearchDataManagement Building a data lake takes meticulous planning -- and flexibility Data lakes offer a more expansive alternative to data warehouses for analytics uses. TDWI analyst Philip Russom offers advice on ... Big data poses weighty challenges for data integration best practices Big data architectures are complicating the data integration process for more and more IT teams, driving them to hit the gas on ... Systems of record take back seat to systems of engagement, innovation Systems of engagement represent a hotbed of activity in data management these days. Flexibility and scalability are watchwords. About Us Meet The Editors Contact Us Privacy Policy Our Use of Cookies Advertisers Business Partners Media Kit Corporate Site Contributors Reprints Archive Site Map Answers E-Products Events In Depth Guides Opinions Quizzes Photo Stories Tips Tutorials Videos Computer Weekly Topics All Rights Reserved, Copyright 2000 - 2017, TechTarget Close
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi BootstrapLabs Hosts Artificial Intelligence Thought Leaders at Applied AI Conference 2017 The world's thought leaders in Applied Artificial Intelligence join together for a day of discovery, inspiration, and networking on May 11th News provided by BootstrapLabs 09 May, 2017, 11:15 ET Share this article SAN FRANCISCO, May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- BootstrapLabs, a leading Venture Capital firm focused on Applied AI, announces its annual Applied Artificial Intelligence Conference on May 11th in San Francisco. The Applied AI Conference 2016 was a great success, and this year, the BootstrapLabs community will gather again for one day of discovery, exchanging ideas, and networking with over 600 AI thought leaders, corporate executives, founders and investors. "The conference is a great opportunity to learn about practical applications and the commercialization of AI technologies across industries such as Transportation & Logistics, Internet of Things (IoT), Future of Work (FoW), Financial Technologies (FinTech), CyberSecurity, and Healthcare Technologies (HealthTech)," said Benjamin Levy, Co-Founder, BootstrapLabs. Applied Artificial Intelligence Conference 2017, new cover by BootstrapLabs The world's leading AI investors and companies will be at this year's conference, including Intel, Facebook, LinkedIn, Google, Salesforce, Cylance, Ford, Visa, GE, Brighterion, Bloomberg, Capgemini, Intuit, Unity, Open.AI, UC Berkeley, Stanford, D-Wave Systems and many others. Applied AI Conference 2017 speakers include: Amir Khosrowshahi, CTO AI Products Group, Intel Richard Socher, Chief Scientist, Salesforce Danny Lange, VP of AI and Machine Learning, Unity Technologies Marten Mickos, CEO, HackerOne Rajendra Rao, CEO, Ford Smart Mobility Michael Dahlweid, Chief Medical Officer, GE Digital Healthcare Hema Raghavan, Head of Growth Relevance, LinkedIn Paula Wilbourne, Chief Science Officer, Sibly "We are at the epicenter of a new revolution, and for BootstrapLabs, working with the incredible community of Artificial Intelligence thought leaders and experts gives our portfolio companies an unfair advantage. The Venture Capital industry is evolving, with some of the most exciting opportunities emerging in the early stages. We created a way to effectively bring the value add of larger Venture Capital funds to early stage companies," said Nicolai Wadstrom, CEO and Founder of BootstrapLabs. About Bootstrap Labs BootstrapLabs is a leading Venture Capital firm based in San Francisco and focused on Applied Artificial Intelligence. We actively invest in passionate entrepreneurs building disruptive early-stage technology startups that use AI/ML technologies to solve large, global problems in sectors such as Transportation, Logistics, Financial Services, Future of Work, Cybersecurity, and Healthcare. Select portfolio companies include AEye, Mendel Health, Qurious, Vidora, Sibly, SmartEar, Roger, Prezi, Trusted Insight, AngelList, Selfycart, and Zerply.  Learn more at www.bootstraplabs.com Contacts: Luigi Congedo, Community & Investor Relations, BootstrapLabs  Email: luigi@bootstraplabs.com Nicolai Wadstrom, CEO/Founder, BootstrapLabs, Email: nicolai@bootstraplabs.com Related Images image1.jpg image2.jpg Related Links Applied AI Conference BootstrapLabs To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/bootstraplabs-hosts-artificial-intelligence-thought-leaders-at-applied-ai-conference-2017-300454280.html SOURCE BootstrapLabs My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: BootstrapLabs Hosts Artificial Intelligence Thought Leaders at Applied AI Conference 2017 News provided by BootstrapLabs 09 May, 2017, 11:15 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Subscribe Username Sign In Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments0 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Right Turn Opinion Opinion Interpretation of the news based on evidence, including data, as well as anticipating how events might unfold based on past events Trump’s climate-change denial rattles U.S. businesses The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Jennifer Rubin By Jennifer Rubin May 9 at 11:30 AM Follow @JRubinBlogger Sea ice is seen from NASA’s Operation IceBridge research aircraft in March above Ellesmere Island, Canada. The ice fields of Ellesmere Island are retreating because of warming temperatures. (Mario Tama/Getty Images) One of the worst-kept secrets when it comes to climate change is that the opposition to efforts to curtail greenhouse gases is irrational, divorced both from science and real-world economics. Disbelief in climate change has become a form of tribal self-identification for the right, an article of faith not subject to factual proof. Know-nothing pundits and politicians who crave their praise argue that climate change isn’t real and that our commitments to reducing greenhouse gases hurt our economy. The only ones to differ with that are scientists, business leaders and investors — in other words, the people who have reputations and money at stake. Last November, hundreds of U.S. companies wrote to President Trump. Forbes reported: “More than 300 U.S. companies, including 72 with annual revenues exceeding $100 million, have sent an open letter to President-elect Donald Trump, urging him not to abandon the Paris climate agreement.” This is not just the sentiment of liberals from Silicon Valley, as climate-change deniers would have you believe. (“High-profile organizations signing the letter include Dannon, DuPont, eBay, Gap, General Mills, Hewlett-Packard, Hilton, Intel, Kellogg, Levi Strauss, Mars, Monsanto, Nike, Patagonia, Staples, Starbucks, The Hartford, Tiffany and Vail Resorts — plus many others.”) They have made investments, planned transactions, cultivated public goodwill and done the math. Abandoning climate-change mitigation would be detrimental to their bottom line. That conclusion hasn’t changed since November. BuzzFeed reports: As President Trump rolls back Obama’s environmental legacy, it isn’t just green groups who say they’ll resist America’s reversal on clean electricity. Billion-dollar corporations told BuzzFeed News that because climate change is a significant concern for their business, they’ll keep on battling carbon pollution regardless of what the government says. Those businesses include companies in the food, retail, high-tech and even energy sectors. (“Because of the competitive price of natural gas and the declining price of renewables, continuing to drive carbon out makes sense for us,” Duke Power explained to the Wall Street Journal.) Bloomberg Politics reported that “companies say their promises, coordinated by the Obama administration, reflect their push to cut energy costs, head off activist pressure and address a risk to their bottom line in the decades to come.” The biggest investors in public companies (pension plans, cities and other institutions) agree. Reuters reported: Investors with more than $15 trillion of assets under management urged governments led by the United States to implement the Paris climate accord to fight climate change despite U.S. President Donald Trump’s threats to pull out. “As long-term institutional investors, we believe that the mitigation of climate change is essential for the safeguarding of our investments,” according to the letter signed by 214 institutional investors and published on Monday. Climate-change denial may be common in the halls of the Capitol, but for CEOs whose livelihood depends on technological sophistication and careful strategic planning, it is a different story. General Electric chief executive Jeffrey Immelt wrote to his employees in late March, bluntly stating, “We believe climate change is real and the science is well accepted.” He continued: “We believe climate change should be addressed on a global basis through multi-national agreements, such as the Paris Agreement. Industry must now lead and not depend on government.” In other words, even if Trump casts aside U.S. international leadership, the most critical players in the U.S. economy aren’t going to slam on the brakes and go back to embracing carbon-based energy sources. You can choose to believe that all these companies, all their employees and the investors who plunk down trillions of dollars are all wrong. But politicians and political hacks should stop pretending that their animus toward climate-change amelioration is driven by economic concerns, by a desire to bolster American technology, growth and affluence. It’s not. The people most concerned about the economy favor remaining in the Paris accord. If Trump decides to go down the climate-change denial road (letting China seize the high ground and earning the scorn of our allies), it won’t be an act of economic nationalism; it will be the act of a know-nothing ideologue who irrationally ignores what science and economics tell him, hoping to curry favor with low-information voters who get their “science” from Fox News. opinions right-turn Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando true after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 0 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective. Follow @JRubinBlogger 0 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Most Read 1 Opinion Sally Yates just threw the White House under the bus 2 Opinion Republicans are accidentally paving the way for single-payer health care 3 Opinion Democrats must unmask Trump’s populist scam. Here’s a place to start. 4 Comey misstated key Clinton email evidence at hearing, say people close to investigation 5 Opinion Unanswered questions from Yates’s testimony The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game opinions right-turn Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Nexsan Unveils Next Generation Unity(TM) Systems to Meet Growing Customer Demand New Design Up to 40% Faster and Reduces Costs by One Third; Introducing All-Flash Configurations CAMPBELL, CA–(Marketwired – May 09, 2017) – Nexsan™, a global leader redefining unified storage, today announced the next generation of Unity, the first and only unified storage system providing both file (NAS) and block services with Enterprise File Sync and Share (EFSS), n-Way sync, and integrated secure active archiving. The new Unity systems offer up to 40% performance improvement over similar previous models, more flexible configurations, and reduce costs by more than a third. New all-flash configurations are now available to meet the demands of customers’ high performance applications, as well as hybrid configurations for the more cost conscious. „We were an early adopter of Nexsan Unity and are now one of Nexsan’s largest customers, using it for many critical city services including video systems for public safety and video surveillance at the airport,” said Rick Barnds, Senior IT Manager, City of San Antonio. „Price, reliability, performance…..you get to pick two with most other storage providers. Nexsan Unity strikes a careful balance between price and performance along with reliability, a tremendous value.” The next generation of Unity has been completely re-designed to improve performance and management, increase flexibility, decrease costs, and launch all-flash models. The latest Intel® Xeon® Processor E5 v4 Family and increased memory allow for more IOPs, lower latency, and power to expand and deliver performance up to 40% over previous similarly configured systems. Additional ports, connectivity options, and the support of SMB 3.0 provides greater configuration flexibility. Because of the new designs, the new hybrid models in similar configurations are up to a third less expensive, delivering significant savings. With this release, Unity is now available in all-flash all-inclusive unified storage configurations that provide the performance to meet the most demanding application needs. With included advanced data reduction technologies used to optimize SSDs, organizations can see an effective usable price of $1 per GB or less. The all-flash configurations support 1.92TB, 3.84TB, and 7.68TB SSDs and are supported on every Unity model with up to nine enclosures in the maximum configuration. Hybrid configurations that mix DRAM and SSD for caching with HDDs are also available, and can scale up to 5PB of capacity. „Based on customer demand we knew that a unified system was going to be of interest to the market, but we didn’t realize how quickly it was going to be installed and deployed, and across so many vertical markets,” said Dr. Geoff Barrall, COO, Nexsan. „We’re committed to finding ways to offer our customers and partners even more, and so we invested in a complete upgrade, including the delivery of all-flash configurations.” „Nexsan’s Unity redefines unified storage by adding enterprise level sync and share to the file and block support unified storage traditionally provides,” commented Howard Marks, Chief Scientist, DeepStorage, LLC. „A truly unified solution like Unity levels the file access playing field between local, remote and mobile users while vastly simplifying data management and governance. Corporate IT can, with Unity, offer users a better experience and keep corporate data out of personal Dropbox accounts without all the overhead of creating multiple independently managed repositories.” Unity was launched in April 2016 as the first all-inclusive unified storage system to feature enterprise file sync-and-share for anytime, anywhere access to corporate data, n-Way sync for improved data collaboration, and Unity Active Archive for an integrated secure archive. The company recently announced the milestone achievement of over 100 systems deployed and millions of dollars of revenue received since shipping in September 2016. Tweet this: @Nexsan next gen Unity is faster, better, less expensive and easier to use for the #mobile workforce Tweet this: @Nexsan launches all-flash configurations with the next gen Unity About Nexsan: Nexsan™ is leading the way in redefining unified storage. The company has been at the forefront in developing world-class storage technologies that are focused on the critical needs of our customers. Nexsan Unity™ is one of the first enterprise-class unified storage solutions to incorporate secure file sync and share in a single platform. Nexsan Unity Active Archive delivers secure archive storage for the most compliant of industries and our renowned E-Series is the storage backbone of many data centers around the world due to its high performance, reliable, high density storage. Nexsan is headquartered in Campbell, CA. For more information, please visit: www.nexsan.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious AppSwarm Launches Avenging Soldiers Gaming App Next PostNext Nexsan Unveils Next Generation Unity(TM) Systems to Meet Growing Customer Demand Search Recent Posts Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Industrial valves Market Worldwide: Latest Industry Trends, Trades, Supply, Demand, Future prospects by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Nexsan Unveils Next Generation Unity(TM) Systems to Meet Growing Customer Demand New Design Up to 40% Faster and Reduces Costs by One Third; Introducing All-Flash Configurations CAMPBELL, CA–(Marketwired – May 09, 2017) – Nexsan™, a global leader redefining unified storage, today announced the next generation of Unity, the first and only unified storage system providing both file (NAS) and block services with Enterprise File Sync and Share (EFSS), n-Way sync, and integrated secure active archiving. The new Unity systems offer up to 40% performance improvement over similar previous models, more flexible configurations, and reduce costs by more than a third. New all-flash configurations are now available to meet the demands of customers’ high performance applications, as well as hybrid configurations for the more cost conscious. „We were an early adopter of Nexsan Unity and are now one of Nexsan’s largest customers, using it for many critical city services including video systems for public safety and video surveillance at the airport,” said Rick Barnds, Senior IT Manager, City of San Antonio. „Price, reliability, performance…..you get to pick two with most other storage providers. Nexsan Unity strikes a careful balance between price and performance along with reliability, a tremendous value.” The next generation of Unity has been completely re-designed to improve performance and management, increase flexibility, decrease costs, and launch all-flash models. The latest Intel® Xeon® Processor E5 v4 Family and increased memory allow for more IOPs, lower latency, and power to expand and deliver performance up to 40% over previous similarly configured systems. Additional ports, connectivity options, and the support of SMB 3.0 provides greater configuration flexibility. Because of the new designs, the new hybrid models in similar configurations are up to a third less expensive, delivering significant savings. With this release, Unity is now available in all-flash all-inclusive unified storage configurations that provide the performance to meet the most demanding application needs. With included advanced data reduction technologies used to optimize SSDs, organizations can see an effective usable price of $1 per GB or less. The all-flash configurations support 1.92TB, 3.84TB, and 7.68TB SSDs and are supported on every Unity model with up to nine enclosures in the maximum configuration. Hybrid configurations that mix DRAM and SSD for caching with HDDs are also available, and can scale up to 5PB of capacity. „Based on customer demand we knew that a unified system was going to be of interest to the market, but we didn’t realize how quickly it was going to be installed and deployed, and across so many vertical markets,” said Dr. Geoff Barrall, COO, Nexsan. „We’re committed to finding ways to offer our customers and partners even more, and so we invested in a complete upgrade, including the delivery of all-flash configurations.” „Nexsan’s Unity redefines unified storage by adding enterprise level sync and share to the file and block support unified storage traditionally provides,” commented Howard Marks, Chief Scientist, DeepStorage, LLC. „A truly unified solution like Unity levels the file access playing field between local, remote and mobile users while vastly simplifying data management and governance. Corporate IT can, with Unity, offer users a better experience and keep corporate data out of personal Dropbox accounts without all the overhead of creating multiple independently managed repositories.” Unity was launched in April 2016 as the first all-inclusive unified storage system to feature enterprise file sync-and-share for anytime, anywhere access to corporate data, n-Way sync for improved data collaboration, and Unity Active Archive for an integrated secure archive. The company recently announced the milestone achievement of over 100 systems deployed and millions of dollars of revenue received since shipping in September 2016. Tweet this: @Nexsan next gen Unity is faster, better, less expensive and easier to use for the #mobile workforce Tweet this: @Nexsan launches all-flash configurations with the next gen Unity About Nexsan: Nexsan™ is leading the way in redefining unified storage. The company has been at the forefront in developing world-class storage technologies that are focused on the critical needs of our customers. Nexsan Unity™ is one of the first enterprise-class unified storage solutions to incorporate secure file sync and share in a single platform. Nexsan Unity Active Archive delivers secure archive storage for the most compliant of industries and our renowned E-Series is the storage backbone of many data centers around the world due to its high performance, reliable, high density storage. Nexsan is headquartered in Campbell, CA. For more information, please visit: www.nexsan.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Nexsan Unveils Next Generation Unity(TM) Systems to Meet Growing Customer Demand Next PostNext EPA Empowers State Regulators, Encourages Energy Innovation by Signing Proposed Rule to Approve North Dakota Carbon Sequestration Wells Application Search Recent Posts Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Industrial valves Market Worldwide: Latest Industry Trends, Trades, Supply, Demand, Future prospects by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     Internet of Robotic Things Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast To 2022   View as PDF  Print View    Internet of Robotic Things -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Pune , India - May 9, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ -- Internet of Robotic Things Industry Description Wiseguyreports.Com Adds "Internet of Robotic Things -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022" To Its Research Database According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Internet of Robotic Things Market is accounted for $3.35 billion in 2015 and expected to grow at a CAGR of 30.4% to reach $21.49 billion by 2022. Factors such as increasing e-commerce platform, integration of robots with varied technologies and high speed data & web connectivity will significantly invigorate the market growth. However, lack of knowledge on Internet of robotics technology, expensive research and development projects and maintaining a common protocol are the factors hindering the market growth. Device management platform segment commanded the platform market due to growing surge for access and control. Security solutions segment will grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period in order to overcome security challenges, threats and gateways. North America is expected to be largest market due to proliferation of smart robotics application. However, Asia Pacific will grow during the forecast period due to insistence for connected robotics in e-commerce sector. Request for Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/827034-internet-of-robotic-things-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Some of the key players in global Internet of Robotic Things market are ABB Ltd, Kuka AG, Irobot Corporation, FANUC Corporation, Amazon.Com, Inc., Google, Inc, Cisco Systems, Inc., Intel Corporation, Honda Motors Co., Ltd, Yaskawa Electric Corporation, Northrop Grumman Corporation, Aethon Inc., Blufin Robotics Corporation, Omron Adept Technologies, Inc., Geckosytems International Corporation, ECA Group, Robert Bosch GmbH, Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd, Rockwell Automation and Lockheed Martin. Softwares Covered: o Data Management o Network Bandwidth Management o Remote Monitoring Systems o Real-Time Streaming Analytics o Security Solutions Platforms Covered: o Application Management Platform o Device Management Platform o Network Management Platform Components Covered: o Actuators o Control Systems o Power Sources o Sensors o Other Component Leave a Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/827034-internet-of-robotic-things-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Applications Covered: o Collaborative Industrial Robots o Automotive o Food & Beverages o Electronics o Service Robots o Personal Services o Professional Services Regions Covered: o North America o US o Canada o Mexico o Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe o Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific o Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: - Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments - Market share analysis of the top industry players - Strategic recommendations for the new entrants - Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets - Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) - Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations - Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends - Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments - Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=827034 Continued... Contact Us: Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (Us) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (Uk) Contact Info: Name: NORAH TRENT Email: sales@wiseguyreports.com Organization: WISE GUY RESEARCH CONSULTANTS PVT LTD Address: Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar Pune - 411028 Phone: +91 841 198 5042 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/internet-of-robotic-things-market-2017-global-analysis-opportunities-and-forecast-to-2022/196335 For more information, please visit https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/827034-internet-of-robotic-things-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 196335 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Craft Brewery Southern Sky Brewing Releases First Pale Ale (Wed 10th May 17) Donna Mizani Offers Chic Feminine Design Collection 100% Made in the USA (Wed 10th May 17) Raj Prem - Releases Plans To Showcase Historic Collection of Beatles Photos in India (Wed 10th May 17) Flight Navigation System Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity and Forecast 2017 to 2022 (Wed 10th May 17) Application Delivery Network (ADN) Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast to 2021 (Wed 10th May 17) Encryption Software Market 2017: Industry Research, Review, Growth, Segmentation, Key Players Analysis and Forecast to 2022 (Wed 10th May 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Hot Topics DIS YELP Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Nvidia jumps by double digits on stellar Q1 report >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Trading > Trading Advice > How to Trade Nvidia Corporation (NVDA) Stock Around Q1 Earnings Advanced Micro Devices and Intel have already tanked this earnings season. Can NVDA stock buck the trend? By Joseph Hargett, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  May 9, 2017, 9:36 am EDT     Popular Posts: Beware Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock and the Extreme Bulls Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) Stock Shines in a Fading Semiconductor Market How to Trade Nvidia Corporation (NVDA) Stock Around Q1 Earnings Recent Posts: How to Trade Nvidia Corporation (NVDA) Stock Around Q1 Earnings Tuesday’s Vital Data: Apple Inc. (AAPL), JD.com Inc(ADR) (JD) and Snap Inc (SNAP) Under Armour Inc (UAA) Stock Is Vomiting Its Earnings Rally View All Posts Nvidia Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) will step onto the earnings stage after the close of trading this afternoon. Investors — no doubt tired of the listing performance of NVDA stock — are hoping that its fortunes are better than the rest of the semiconductor sector. Source: Shutterstock So far this earnings season, the shares of both Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD) and sector leader Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) took rather large hits immediately following their respective quarterly reports, and, judging by Nvidia’s options activity, traders are worried that a similar fate awaits them this evening. Diving straight into the numbers, Wall Street is expecting a profit of 67 cents per share, more than double year-ago results of just 33 cents per share. Revenue is seen soaring more than 46% year-over-year to $1.91 billion. However, expectations may be a bit higher that Wall Street is admitting, with the whisper number coming in at a profit of 72 cents per share, according to EarningsWhispers.com. Despite the elevated whisper number, analysts are far from excessively bullish. According to Thomson/First Call, 18 of the 38 brokerage firms following NVDA stock rate the shares a “hold” or worse. What’s more, the 12-month consensus price target of $109.97 rests a mere 7% north of yesterday’s close. In other words, if Nvidia can buck the trend of disappointing results from semiconductor companies, there is plenty of room for the analyst community to show a little love. Short sellers are also jumping on the bearish bandwagon ahead of tonight’s report. During the most recent reporting period, the number of NVDA shares sold short rose by 9% to 26.8 million. With roughly 4.77% of Nvidia stock now sold short, there is ample fuel for a short squeeze play if NVDA heads higher following earnings. Click to Enlarge Furthermore, these short sellers don’t appear to be worried about a post earnings rally at all. Currently, Nvidia’s 12 May put/call open interest ratio rests at a near-term peak of 1.40, with puts easily outnumbering calls among those options most affected by tonight’s report. With a wealth of put OI currently levied against NVDA stock, it’s clear that short sellers aren’t buying calls to hedge their positions — potentially increasing the chances of a covering rally if things go Nvidia’s way. As for May 12 implieds, options traders are pricing in a potential post-earnings move of about 8% for Nvidia shares. This places the upper bound at about $111.76 (well above the 12-month consensus price target), while the lower bound lies near $94.24, below support at $100 and its 2017 lows near $95. 2 Earnings Trades for NVDA Stock Call Spread: With expectations low following earnings misses from Intel and AMD, Nvidia has a chance to impress investors and analysts with tonight’s quarterly report. Those traders looking to take advantage of this low-expectations environment might want to consider a 12 May $104/$107 bull call spread. At last check, this spread was offered at $1.05, or $105 per pair of contracts. Breakeven lies at $105.05, while a maximum profit of $1.97, or $197 per pair of contracts, is possible if NVDA stock closes at or above $107 when 12 May options expire at the end of this week. Put Spread: On the other hand, semiconductor companies don’t have a very good track record this earnings season, and there are still lingering bullish expectations for Nvidia given the stock’s 2016 rally. As such, traders looking follow the bearish crowd might want to consider a 12 May $98/$100 bear put spread. At last check, this spread was offered at 70 cents, or $70 per pair of contracts. Breakeven lies at $99.30, while a maximum profit of $1.30, or $130 per pair of contracts, is possible if Nvidia stock closes at or below $98 when 12 May options expire at the end of this week. As of this writing, Joseph Hargett did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/05/how-to-trade-nvidia-corporation-nvda-stock-around-q1-earnings/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Stocks to Buy Now for BIG Summer Outperformance Yelp Torched by 28% on Horrific Earnings 5 Top Dividend Stocks Across the Globe 2 Fast Food Stocks to Buy, and 2 to Avoid 3 Airline Stocks Making a Powerful Upside Breakout Facebook Is Losing a War With Itself ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks Walt Disney Co (DIS) Stock Sunk by ESPN AGAIN 7 Stocks to Buy Now for BIG Summer Outperformance 5 Top Dividend Stocks From Across the Globe 2 Fast Food Stocks to Buy, and 2 to Avoid 3 Airline Stocks Making a Powerful Upside Breakout Most Popular 10 Hot Stocks to Sell Before They Hit the Wall The 10 Best Growth Stocks You Can Buy Right Now 10 Dividend Stocks That Will Deliver Double-Digit Returns Every Year Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Is a Great Buy … If You Wait 3 Bank Stocks That Can Bank You Free Profits 10 Simply Safe Dividend Stocks to Buy for Retirement Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snap beat expectations in its first quarterly report? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE Join over 60,000 of your peers Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily — for free! US Edition (daily) Canada Edition (weekly) We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties. I accept the Terms and Conditions SUBSCRIBE YES! No Register Sign in A Community for Professionals in Private Capital PE HUB Network News Briefs Opinion Videos Members Emerging Managers NVCA Blog Buyouts Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room Buyouts Magazine Subscriber Tips VCJ Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room VCJ Magazine Subscriber Tips Pratt’s Online PartnerConnect Events Shop US Select Edition Canada US PE HUB Network News Briefs Opinion Videos Members Emerging Managers NVCA Blog Buyouts Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room Buyouts Magazine Subscriber Tips VCJ Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room VCJ Magazine Subscriber Tips Pratt’s Online PartnerConnect Events Shop US CANADA Log In SimpleReach raises $9 mln May 8, 2017 By Luisa Beltran Follow @LuisaRBeltran SimpleReach said March 8 that it raised $9 million in funding led by Spring Mountain Capital. SimpleReach, of New York, is a content data platform. SimpleReach also said that Hal Muchnick was named its new chief executive. Edward Kim, the company’s founder who has served as CEO since 2010, will become executive chairman. PRESS RELEASE NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Content data platform SimpleReach today announced it has closed $13.3 million in funding since its last disclosed raise, bringing its total funding to $24 million. The latest round, comprising $9 million, was led by New York-based Spring Mountain Capital. The funding will be used to accelerate the company’s growth. The company also announced today that it has named Hal Muchnick its new Chief Executive Officer. SimpleReach founder Edward Kim, who has served as CEO since the company’s founding in 2010, will become Executive Chairman. “We are excited to work with the SimpleReach team as it further solidifies its position as the standard for content measurement and predictive insights,” said Jamie Weston, a Managing Director of Spring Mountain Capital who has joined the Board of SimpleReach. “We look to invest in companies that can be a foundational layer in a massive market. SimpleReach is clearly positioned to be such a company for content marketing.” SimpleReach is the market leader in powering the measurement and insights for publishers’ branded content programs, including those by The New York Times, Condé Nast, and Time Inc. As content marketing has become one of the key strategies for Fortune 500 companies, SimpleReach has expanded its offering to become the first content data platform. SimpleReach collects, verifies, normalizes and benchmarks content data to provide marketers with actionable, real-time insights, and today works with brands such as Chase, Intel and Accenture. SimpleReach has named Hal Muchnick CEO to lead the next phase of the company’s growth. Mr. Muchnick, who joined the company and served as President since October 2016, will assume the role from Edward Kim, who will serve as Executive Chairman. Mr. Muchnick has over 25 years of operational experience in data, advertising and marketing technology companies, having held senior positions at Kontera, Operative, DoubleClick and Experian. Prior to joining SimpleReach, he led the successful turnaround of global audience data company AddThis, resulting in its sale to Oracle in 2016 for $175 million. Mr. Muchnick joined SimpleReach’s Board of Directors in June 2016. “I’m excited to be leading SimpleReach alongside Edward Kim as we help define the future of content marketing,” said Mr. Muchnick. “I’ve spent my career in this industry and we are clearly in a time of significant disruption. The nature of marketing and advertising is evolving and content is at the forefront of this sea change. The universal problem of any marketer will be having access to the content data and insights necessary to make sense of it all. I joined SimpleReach because there is no company better positioned to address this tremendous need and opportunity.” “Hal has done an incredible job as President over the last seven months helping prepare for our future,” said Edward Kim. “Having him take on the role of CEO is a testament to what he’s done and what I believe he will continue to do. We are entering an era of maturity in the content marketing landscape. Tried and true leadership will ensure we realize the value of the foundation that SimpleReach has built.” SimpleReach has also named Joshua Silberstein its new President. Josh founded Healthguru Media, which was acquired by Kitara Media in 2013, where he stayed on as that company’s President. In his role as President there, Mr. Silberstein helped Kitara Media raise over $100 million in capital and completed a transformative reverse merger. Mr. Silberstein has also worked as a venture capitalist and held senior operating roles in sales, finance, and operations. About SimpleReach SimpleReach is the leading content data platform. As content has become a key marketing strategy for Fortune 500 companies, data and insights are more important than ever to ensure successful investments. Today’s top marketers use SimpleReach to unify their data from fragmented sites and channels in order to surface actionable insights that drive content ROI. Our partners include brands like Chase, Intel, and Accenture, as well as branded content publishers like The New York Times, Condé Nast, and Time Inc. Learn more at www.simplereach.com. About Spring Mountain Capital Founded in 2001 by John L. (“Launny”) Steffens and located in New York City, Spring Mountain Capital, LP (“SMC”) is a private investment management firm that focuses on alternative asset investing. SMC’s Private Equity Group provides expansion stage capital to lower middle market companies that are capitalizing on breakthrough innovations, paradigm shifts, or fundamental market or behavioral changes. The Private Equity Group at SMC focuses on two sectors of the U.S. economy with the most change and highest growth potential: technology-enabled and healthcare businesses. Within these high growth areas, it seeks to make value investments by capitalizing on market dislocations, information asymmetry, illiquidity, and complexity. For more information, visit: www.springmountaincapital.com.   Find new deal opportunities, super-charge your fundraising efforts and track top managers with VCJ. Get your FREE trial! Or subscribe now! Sign up to our Newsletter Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters: First Name: Last Name: Email Address: US Edition (daily) Canada Edition (weekly) We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties. I accept the Terms and Conditions You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER. Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected] . Top Posts Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Blackstone, Ford Foundation, Goldman Sachs are hiring by Eamon Murphy Francisco Partners buys SmartBear Software by Luisa Beltran Wells Fargo puts insurance brokerage up for sale: Bloomberg by Luisa Beltran Thoma Bravo to buy Lexmark’s enterprise software business by Iris Dorbian Super-rich private equity stars rue “lousy” reputation, say they are misunderstood: Reuters by Reuters News New Mountain nears VWR buy: WSJ by Luisa Beltran Charlesbank acquires Tecomet from Genstar by Iris Dorbian Fortress Secured Lending Fund raises $590 mln by Luisa Beltran © 2006-2017 Buyouts Insider / Argosy Group LLC About Contacts FAQ Guest Column Guidelines Terms of Use Disclaimer Privacy Policy Copyright (c) Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC. Reproduction in any form is prohibited without written consent by Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC.
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path PCMagPicks AmazonEchoShow WindowsBug Cassini NetNeutrality Menu Subscribe Home / Reviews / Consumer Electronics / TVs & Home Theater / TVs / LG 43UH6100 LG 43UH6100 editor rating: fair Comments May 01, 2017 REVIEW Comments SPECS COMPARE MSRP $449.99 Pros Relatively affordable. WebOS has plenty of features. Vibrant greens. Cons Poor contrast. Uneven, inaccurate colors. Bottom Line LG's UH6100 line of 4K TVs can process HDR content, but budget prices mean lower-quality panels with poor contrast and uneven color. By Will Greenwald The good news about 4K TVs is that just about every manufacturer is now jumping on the high dynamic range (HDR) bandwagon, which means a wider range of colors along with darker darks and brighter brights. The bad news is that even if it supports it, a budget TV can only do so much justice to HDR content. LG's ultra high-definition (UHD, or 4K) UH6100 series is very affordable, with the 49-inch 49UH6100 model we tested available for $549.99. It also is loaded with connected features thanks to LG's top-notch WebOS platform. It's a shame that contrast is poor, and color range is uneven. //Compare Similar Products Compare LeEco Super4 X55   %displayPrice%%seller% Sony XBR-49X800D   %displayPrice%%seller% Vizio M50-D1   %displayPrice%%seller% LG 55UH8500   %displayPrice%%seller% LG OLED65B6P   %displayPrice%%seller% Vizio P50-C1   %displayPrice%%seller% SunBriteTV Pro Series Direct-Sun Outdoor TV SB-4217HD   %displayPrice%%seller% Vizio D65u-D2   %displayPrice%%seller% Sony XBR-55X930D   %displayPrice%%seller% TCL 55UP130   %displayPrice%%seller% Editors' Note: This review is based on testing performed on the LG 49UH6100, the 49-inch model in the series. Besides the screen size difference, the 43-inch $449.99 43UH6100 is identical in features, and we expect similar performance from this model. Design Looking like your typical budget TV, the 49UH6100 is plain and unassuming. The screen is surrounded by a 0.6-inch flat, glossy black plastic bezel with no distinguishing features aside from a small LG logo and a power LED in the middle of the bottom edge. The TV sits on two long, curved plastic feet that are almost completely black, with silver-colored strips on their tops. An HDMI port and a USB port face left on the back panel. The other two HDMI ports, along with an Ethernet port, component video input, coaxial audio input, optical audio output, and an antenna/cable connector face directly back. Three HDMI ports are common for budget televisions, though four are preferable. While the 49UH6100 uses WebOS like LG's higher-end TVs, you won't find a motion-sensing Magic Remote in the box. Instead, it comes with a much more conventional 6.7-inch black wand with flat rubber buttons. The remote control has all of the necessary controls for navigating WebOS on the TV, including a direction pad, a number pad, playback controls, and four color buttons. However, the direction pad consists of rectangular buttons that feel indistinguishable from the rest of the remote, making them difficult to find under your thumb without looking. The remote buttons are not backlit. WebOS Even without a Magic Remote and air mouse-like cursor control, the 49UH6100 offers plenty of smart features thanks to LG's WebOS. Many common streaming media apps are available, including Amazon, Hulu, Netflix, Sling TV, and YouTube, along with support for live TV either over the air or with your cable or satellite box through the built-in TV guide. WebOS also supports screen mirroring with Miracast and Intel Wi-Di, though Miracast support has been phased out in most current Android devices in favor of Google Cast, which isn't available here. There's also a web browser on the TV, though using it with the physical buttons is much more awkward than on other LG TVs with the Magic Remote for smoother cursor control. Performance and HDR Just because a TV can accept a high dynamic range (HDR) signal doesn't necessarily mean it can do it justice, and like many budget televisions, that's the case with the 49UH6100. We test TVs using a DVDO AVLab 4K test pattern generator, a Klein K-10A colorimeter, and Portrait Displays' CalMAN 5 software on a Razer Blade Pro notebook. After a basic dark room calibration using the 49UH6100's ISF Calibrated (Dark) picture mode, the 49UH6100 displayed a modest peak brightness of 172.13cd/m2 and a poor black level of 0.15cd/m2 for a 1,147:1 contrast ratio. This means that, even if the TV can process HDR10 content, you don't get a very good range of brights and darks. This is typical performance for budget-minded 4K TVs from major manufacturers—the similarly priced Sony XBR-49X800D shows similar contrast. Vizio's M-series is a bit more expensive, but its panel can get much brighter and darker for a far greater 40,670:1 contrast ratio. Color doesn't fare much better. The chart above shows Rec.709 ideal color values as squares and measured color values as dots. While the TV shows an impressive reach for greens, its reds fall slightly short, and cyan and magenta are very skewed. LG provides a full suite of calibration tools to fix these problems, but out of the box the colors simply aren't very good. Curiously, we've seen the best performance in this price range from lesser-known manufacturers, like LeEco's Super 4x series displays remarkably wide and accurate colors out of the box, and it boasts four times the contrast at 4,938:1. Viewing Experience Despite measured issues with picture quality, HDR content still looks fairly vivid and eye-catching on the 49UH6100. The TV's strong range of greens makes the "Jungle" episode of BBC's Planet Earth II on Ultra HD Blu-ray appear natural and colorful. However, darker parts of scenes, like the fur of lemurs, suffer from the TV's poor black levels—though the hairs can be clearly discerned under sunlight, their fine texture becomes a muddy blob of darkness in shady shots. And while the greens are exceptionally rich and detailed, blues and reds don't exhibit quite as much vibrancy. See How We Test TVs The Great Gatsby demonstrates the 49UH6100's weakness in dark scenes much more prominently. In the film's several dark settings, the characters' black suits disappear against the shadows of the backgrounds, showing very little texture or contour of the fabric. The white shirts and garden lights get satisfyingly bright to prevent the picture from looking too washed out, but anything very dark tends to simply vanish from a lack of deep black levels to provide more room for details in the shadows. Input Lag and Power Consumption Input lag is the amount of time between when a TV receives a signal and the display updates. In the ISF Calibrated (Dark) picture mode, the 49UH6100 shows a poor 75.7ms input lag. However, the Game picture mode displays a far better 16.7ms input lag, at the expense of further skewing the TV's colors cool. This is good performance for any 4K TV. Under normal viewing conditions, the 49UH6100 consumes 76 watts in ISF Expert (Bright) and other modes that push the backlight to full. The ISF Expert (Dark) picture mode cuts that down to 67 watts, slightly under the TV's power-saving APS picture mode. This is a bit lower than the Sony XBR-49X800D, which uses 89 watts. Conclusions The LG 49UH6100 sounds like a fantastic TV on paper, but it makes some major trade-offs in picture quality to hit its low price. While it's packed full of features, including LG's WebOS connected interface and support for HDR content, its poor black levels significantly hold it back, and its wider color gamut seems to only extend to greens. If you want an HDR-capable 4K TV on a budget, the LeEco Super4 X series offers fantastic colors, while the Vizio M-series provides remarkable contrast for its price. If you want strong picture quality with both excellent contrast and a wide range of color, you should prepare to shell out significantly more on a high-end LED TV like LG's UH8500 series. Back to top PCMag may earn affiliate commissions from the shopping links included on this page. These commissions do not affect how we test, rate or review products. To find out more, read our complete terms of use. Other LG TVs LG 49UH6100   %displayPrice%%seller% LG 65UH8500   %displayPrice%%seller% LG 75UH8500   %displayPrice%%seller% LG 60UH8500   %displayPrice%%seller% Previous : Sony XBR-49X800D By Will Greenwald Senior Analyst, Consumer Electronics Will Greenwald has been covering consumer technology for a decade, and has served on the editorial staffs of CNET.com, Sound & Vision, and Maximum PC. His work and analysis has been seen in GamePro, Tested.com, Geek.com, and several other publications. He currently covers consumer electronics in the PC Labs as the in-house home entertainment expert, reviewing TVs, media hubs, speakers, headphones, and gaming accessories. Will is also an ISF Level II-certified TV calibrator, which ensures the thoroughness and accuracy of all PCMag TV reviews.... More » More Stories by Will Elgato Game Capture HD60 S The Elgato Game Capture HD60 S lets you record gameplay to your computer or stream it to the interne... More » LG 49UH6100 LG's UH6100 line of 4K TVs can process HDR content, but budget prices mean lower-quality panels with... More » SteelSeries Stratus XL The SteelSeries Stratus XL is a wireless gamepad that feels like a solid console controller, and wor... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles What Is 5G? Everything Coming to Netflix in May 21 Optical Illusions That Prove Your Brain Sucks The Eerie World of Abandoned Computers 6 Video Games You'll Want to Buy In May Inside GE's Research Center and its Quest for an Automated Future »See More //Related Reviews LG OLED65B6P LG 65UH8500 SunBriteTV Pro Series Direct-Sun Outdoor TV SB-4217HD Vizio D65u-D2 The Best TVs of 2017 //Discover... 23 Things You Didn't Know Your Chromecast Could Do 30 Breathtaking Pics From Cassini's Journey to Saturn 22 Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here. ×
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman IGEL Upgrades Universal Desktop™ UD5 and UD6 Thin Clients; Adds Support for Windows 10 IoT Enterprise SAN FRANCISCO–(BUSINESS WIRE)–IGEL, a world leader in endpoint management software for the secure enterprise, today announced that it has upgraded the IGEL Universal Desktop™-series UD5 and UD6 thin clients, adding support for Windows 10 IoT Enterprise. IGEL UD5 and IGEL UD6 endpoints featuring Windows 10 IoT Enterprise will be on display at Citrix Synergy 2017, Booth #207, taking place May 22-25, 2017 in Orlando, Fla. “Researchers are predicting that more than 20 billion IoT devices will be connected to the Internet by 2020, and as a result an increasing number of businesses are starting to identify ways in which to harness the power of these edge devices in order to drive digital transformation initiatives,” said Matthias Haas, Chief Technology Officer, IGEL. “The combination of our high-performance IGEL UD5 and UD6 thin clients featuring Windows 10 IoT Enterprise with our industry-leading endpoint management software is making it possible for IT organizations operating in a wide-range of industries to simplify the management of their IoT-connected devices.” High-Performance Endpoint Solutions Offer Flexibility, Security and Manageability The IGEL Universal Desktop UD5 and UD6 thin clients feature Intel® Celeron® dual-core and quad-core processors, respectively, and support high-performance graphics capabilities for a rich multimedia experience, while enabling users to run multiple software applications simultaneously. In addition to Windows 10 IoT Enterprise, the IGEL UD5 and UD6 thin clients also support the IGEL OS™, IGEL’s Linux-based operating system. To enable users to securely communicate between their Windows 10 IoT Enterprise-powered IGEL desktops and IoT devices, the IGEL UD5 and UD6 thin clients support a variety of networking protocols including the genuine Microsoft Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP) client. With the IGEL Universal Management Suite™ (UMS), a single endpoint management solution that provides IT with automated backend control while delivering a familiar, trouble-free environment for users, organizations are able to manage all of their IGEL endpoints. “No other manufacturer can simplify the management of complex enterprise environments the way IGEL can,” said Haas. “Our ability to support a diverse array of devices and operating systems through the IGEL UMS, including Windows 10 IoT Enterprise, has truly revolutionized endpoint management.” For usage with Windows 10 IoT Enterprise, IGEL UD5 and UD6 thin clients also come standard with 4GB of RAM and 32GB of flash memory, providing much-needed space for IT organizations to install their own software applications, as well as drivers or tools needed to support peripherals including dictation devices. Additionally, the IGEL UD5 and UD6 clients include a software license that provides access to regular and frequent firmware updates, enabling IT organizations to preserve their hardware investment while taking advantage of new features and functionality that become available. “The increasing risk of outside threats and ransomware attacks has made it imperative that businesses secure their endpoints and users,” said Mark Bowker, Senior Analyst, ESG. “With industries such as healthcare and manufacturing space, looking to integrate IoT devices within for improved business insight, concerns have become intensified around cybersecurity risk. IGEL, with its secure endpoint management solutions and support for Window 10 IoT Enterprise is making it easier for enterprises to provide their employees with a robust end-user computing experience, while at the same time protecting access to their corporate assets.” IGEL UMS Eases Transition Between Virtualization Protocols All IGEL UD-series thin clients also come pre-configured to support industry-leading virtualization protocols. Customers can choose from Citrix HDX, Microsoft RDP/Remote FX or VMware Horizon. Organizations can add or re-configure supported virtualization protocols, leveraging the IGEL UMS to quickly transition between protocols, and make changes for their entire network of thin clients or a specific endpoint. The UMS also enables IT organizations to add and remove endpoint devices, and perform software upgrades as needed or required, to provide the latest available protocol features. Availability and Support IGEL UD5 and UD6 thin clients featuring Windows 10 IoT Enterprise will be available starting on May 15, 2017 and can be purchased through IGEL’s network of Platinum Partners, Authorized IGEL Partners (AIPs) and resellers. Each IGEL UD5 and UD6 thin client comes standard with a free three-year hardware warranty. IGEL’s family of UD-series thin clients also include the IGEL UD Pocket micro-thin client and UD2 thin client which support the IGEL OS, and the UD3 and UD9 thin clients which support both the IGEL OS and Windows 7 Embedded operating systems. To experience the capabilities of the IGEL OS, download the IGEL UMS, request a 12-minute demonstration of the IGEL OS or request evaluation hardware visit https://www.igel.com/demoit. To locate an IGEL partner, visit https://www.igel.com/find-a-solution-provider/. IGEL on Social Media Twitter: www.twitter.com/IGEL_Technology Facebook: www.facebook.com/igel.technology Google+: https://plus.google.com/u/0/101270758605662221044 LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/igel-technology YouTube: www.youtube.com/user/IGELTechnologyTV About IGEL IGEL delivers powerful unified endpoint management (UEM) software that is revolutionary in its simplicity and purpose-built for the enterprise. The company’s world-leading products, including the IGEL Universal Management Suite™, IGEL OS™-powered thin and zero clients, and all-in-one thin client solutions, deliver a smart and secure endpoint management experience that shifts granular control of thin and zero client devices from the end user to IT. IGEL has offices worldwide and is represented by partners in over 50 countries. For more information on IGEL, visit www.igel.com/us. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Alpha Software is Only Mobile Development Platform Selected for MIT Sloan CIO Symposium’s Innovation Showcase Next PostNext Lightbeam Health Solutions Population Health Management Version 2.1 Earns ONC Health IT Certification from Drummond Group LLC Search Recent Posts 2017 Top 5 Krypton-Xenon Manufacturers by regions(North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa) 2017 Top 5 Krypton-Xenon Manufacturers by regions(North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa) 2017 Top 5 Kinesio Tape Manufacturers by regions(North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa) 2017 Top 5 Kinesio Tape Manufacturers by regions(North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa) 2017 Top 5 Intumescent Coatings Manufacturers by regions(North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa) RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars AI IBM Watson to help Pebble Beach create a virtual concierge for guests Dean Takahashi@deantak May 9, 2017 6:01 AM Above: IBM Watson will provide virtual concierge service to Pebble Beach. Star surfer Laird Hamilton and pro volleyball player Gabrielle Reece are promoting the app. Image Credit: IBM Watson, where did I hit my golf ball? IBM and the Pebble Beach Company have partnered to add Watson’s artificial intelligence to a virtual concierge that shows guests around the Pebble Beach golf resort. The collaboration highlights how IBM is targeting the golf business and virtual concierge experiences with its AI technology. IBM also partnered with The Masters golf tournament to use AI to spot great shots, and it used Watson at the U.S. Tennis Open. Pebble Beach is launching a new app that uses the intelligence of Watson — the supercomputing technology that beat the world’s best human Jeopardy player — to guide people around the resort. All told, IBM is targeting its Watson Cognitive Computing technology at 20 different industries. To promote the app, the companies have tapped star surfer Laird Hamilton and pro volleyball player Gabrielle Reece. While Intel is targeting its technologies at active sports and extreme sports, IBM is going after the golfing set, which has a lot of money to spend. The app is embedded with Watson’s Conversation applications programming interface (API), which enables visitors to experience Pebble Beach as if they’re traveling with a local guide. “We’re pleased to bring the cognitive power of Watson to Pebble Beach through our new app, which will enhance our guest experience whether they are here to explore 17-Mile Drive or to enjoy our award-winning restaurants and shops,” said Bill Perocchi, CEO of Pebble Beach Company, in a statement. “IBM combines industry expertise and cutting-edge technology to deliver a level of engagement our guests haven’t seen before, making the company a great fit in our portfolio of brand partners. This new app will provide a new, transformative way for our guests to enjoy their Pebble Beach experience.” Above: IBM Watson will help you find your way around Pebble Beach. Image Credit: IBM Available for download on iOS and Android devices, the mobile app, designed by IBM iX, is hosted on the IBM Cloud and includes the virtual concierge, through which guests can use voice queries to discover the dining and shopping options at Pebble Beach. By tapping into the Watson Conversation API, the app can provide answers to requests such as, “Where can I get a burger?” or “I need a souvenir for my daughter.” The technology uses frame-based dialogues, where several options are presented, rather than the command-and-response seen in other machine learning technology. The app also gives guests a full tour of the 17-Mile route on the California coast, and it can create an express tour for guests who want all the highlights in a shorter time frame. Guests can use the app to create a 60-second souvenir movie of their Pebble Beach experience, using their own photos, then instantly share it on social networks. They can use an interactive resort guide to discover dining, shopping, and scenic options at Pebble Beach. They can browse points of interest by category or tap around the map to read menus, make reservations, and get directions to favorite locations around the resort. And the “today at Pebble Beach” feature gives guests information about daily events happening across the resort and allows them to set calendar reminders. Above: Star surfer Laird Hamilton and pro volleyball player Gabrielle Reece are promoting the virtual concierge app for Pebble Beach. Image Credit: IBM “IBM’s work with Pebble Beach Company is a powerful example of how companies are infusing Watson’s cognitive technologies into the lives of consumers and helping enhance the customer experience at the iconic resort,” said Noah Syken, a vice president for the sports and entertainment sponsorships at IBM, in a statement. “Pebble Beach is focused on making its customer interactions even more personal and valuable with the help of Watson. This partnership is reimagining the customer experience, bringing the sights and sounds of 17-Mile Drive to life.” IBM is also deploying analytics to help the Pebble Beach Company run the resort with smarter and quicker data analysis. Above: IBM Watson powers the Pebble Beach app. Image Credit: IBM
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Nexsan May 09, 2017 09:00 ET Nexsan Unveils Next Generation Unity™ Systems to Meet Growing Customer Demand New Design Up to 40% Faster and Reduces Costs by One Third; Introducing All-Flash Configurations CAMPBELL, CA--(Marketwired - May 09, 2017) - Nexsan™, a global leader redefining unified storage, today announced the next generation of Unity, the first and only unified storage system providing both file (NAS) and block services with Enterprise File Sync and Share (EFSS), n-Way sync, and integrated secure active archiving. The new Unity systems offer up to 40% performance improvement over similar previous models, more flexible configurations, and reduce costs by more than a third. New all-flash configurations are now available to meet the demands of customers' high performance applications, as well as hybrid configurations for the more cost conscious. "We were an early adopter of Nexsan Unity and are now one of Nexsan's largest customers, using it for many critical city services including video systems for public safety and video surveillance at the airport," said Rick Barnds, Senior IT Manager, City of San Antonio. "Price, reliability, performance…..you get to pick two with most other storage providers. Nexsan Unity strikes a careful balance between price and performance along with reliability, a tremendous value." The next generation of Unity has been completely re-designed to improve performance and management, increase flexibility, decrease costs, and launch all-flash models. The latest Intel® Xeon® Processor E5 v4 Family and increased memory allow for more IOPs, lower latency, and power to expand and deliver performance up to 40% over previous similarly configured systems. Additional ports, connectivity options, and the support of SMB 3.0 provides greater configuration flexibility. Because of the new designs, the new hybrid models in similar configurations are up to a third less expensive, delivering significant savings. With this release, Unity is now available in all-flash all-inclusive unified storage configurations that provide the performance to meet the most demanding application needs. With included advanced data reduction technologies used to optimize SSDs, organizations can see an effective usable price of $1 per GB or less. The all-flash configurations support 1.92TB, 3.84TB, and 7.68TB SSDs and are supported on every Unity model with up to nine enclosures in the maximum configuration. Hybrid configurations that mix DRAM and SSD for caching with HDDs are also available, and can scale up to 5PB of capacity. "Based on customer demand we knew that a unified system was going to be of interest to the market, but we didn't realize how quickly it was going to be installed and deployed, and across so many vertical markets," said Dr. Geoff Barrall, COO, Nexsan. "We're committed to finding ways to offer our customers and partners even more, and so we invested in a complete upgrade, including the delivery of all-flash configurations." "Nexsan's Unity redefines unified storage by adding enterprise level sync and share to the file and block support unified storage traditionally provides," commented Howard Marks, Chief Scientist, DeepStorage, LLC. "A truly unified solution like Unity levels the file access playing field between local, remote and mobile users while vastly simplifying data management and governance. Corporate IT can, with Unity, offer users a better experience and keep corporate data out of personal Dropbox accounts without all the overhead of creating multiple independently managed repositories." Unity was launched in April 2016 as the first all-inclusive unified storage system to feature enterprise file sync-and-share for anytime, anywhere access to corporate data, n-Way sync for improved data collaboration, and Unity Active Archive for an integrated secure archive. The company recently announced the milestone achievement of over 100 systems deployed and millions of dollars of revenue received since shipping in September 2016. Tweet this: @Nexsan next gen Unity is faster, better, less expensive and easier to use for the #mobile workforce Tweet this: @Nexsan launches all-flash configurations with the next gen Unity About Nexsan: Nexsan™ is leading the way in redefining unified storage. The company has been at the forefront in developing world-class storage technologies that are focused on the critical needs of our customers. Nexsan Unity™ is one of the first enterprise-class unified storage solutions to incorporate secure file sync and share in a single platform. Nexsan Unity Active Archive delivers secure archive storage for the most compliant of industries and our renowned E-Series is the storage backbone of many data centers around the world due to its high performance, reliable, high density storage. Nexsan is headquartered in Campbell, CA. For more information, please visit: www.nexsan.com. Contact Information Media contact: Jenny Gallacher/Katie Schaeffer nexsan@touchdownpr.com UK: +44 (0) 1252 717 040 US: + 1 (512) 373-8500 Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Nexsan From this industry Computers and Software From this sub-industry Hardware Security See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Encryption Software Market Key Players Are IBM, EMC, Checkpoint Software Technologies, Intel, Trend Micro, Inc., Microsoft, SAS Institute, Inc., Sophos Ltd., Winmagic and Symantec “Encryption Software” Encryption Software Market is accounted for $2.45 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $10.21 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 22.6% during the forecast period Encryption Software Industry Description Global Encryption Software Market is accounted for $2.45 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $10.21 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 22.6% during the forecast period. Growing mobility, rising concerns related to data loss and strict regulatory standards are some of the factors favouring the market growth. However, dearth of awareness is anticipated to hamper the market growth. By Industry, BFSI segment is anticipated to grow at a significant CAGR attributed to increasing number of cyber-attacks. By geography, North America commanded the market, followed by Europe. Largest market share of North America is attributed to the stringent regulations regarding data privacy compliance and growing adoption of cloud and mobility technologies. Some of the key players in Encryption Software market include IBM Corporation, EMC Corporation, Checkpoint Software Technologies, Intel Corporation, Trend Micro, Inc., Microsoft Corporation, SAS Institute, Inc., Sophos Ltd., Winmagic, Inc, Symantec Corporation, Cisco Systems Inc. and Hewlett-Packard. Request for Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/826986-encryption-software-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Deployment Types Covered:  • On-Premise Deployment  • Cloud Deployment Applications Covered:  • Communication Encryption  • Disk Encryption  • Database Encryption  • Cloud Encryption  • File/Folder Encryption End Users Covered:  • Large Enterprises  • Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) Service Covered:  • Managed Service  • Professional Service Industries Covered:  • Government & Public Sector  • Aerospace & Defense  • Banking, Financial Services, and Insurance  • Retail  • Healthcare  • Telecom  • Other End Users Leave a Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/826986-encryption-software-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Regions Covered:  • North America  o US  o Canada  o Mexico  • Europe  o Germany  o France  o Italy  o UK  o Spain  o Rest of Europe  • Asia Pacific  o Japan  o China  o India  o Australia  o New Zealand  o Rest of Asia Pacific  • Rest of the World  o Middle East  o Brazil  o Argentina  o South Africa  o Egypt What our report offers:  – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments  – Market share analysis of the top industry players  – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants  – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets  – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations)  – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations  – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends  – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments  – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Buy now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=826986 Continued…  Contact Us: Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US)  Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) Media Contact Company Name: Wiseguyreports.com Contact Person: Norah Trent Email: sales@wiseguyreports.com Phone: +1 646 845 9349, +44 208 133 9349 City: Pune State: Maharashtra Country: India Website: https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/826986-encryption-software-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Computers & Software, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Park City Group to Present at Upcoming Investor Conferences Next PostNext Wilm’s Tumor Market Report: 2024 Edition with Leading Players Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Encryption Software Market Key Players Are IBM, EMC, Checkpoint Software Technologies, Intel, Trend Micro, Inc., Microsoft, SAS Institute, Inc., Sophos Ltd., Winmagic and Symantec “Encryption Software” Encryption Software Market is accounted for $2.45 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $10.21 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 22.6% during the forecast period Encryption Software Industry Description Global Encryption Software Market is accounted for $2.45 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $10.21 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 22.6% during the forecast period. Growing mobility, rising concerns related to data loss and strict regulatory standards are some of the factors favouring the market growth. However, dearth of awareness is anticipated to hamper the market growth. By Industry, BFSI segment is anticipated to grow at a significant CAGR attributed to increasing number of cyber-attacks. By geography, North America commanded the market, followed by Europe. Largest market share of North America is attributed to the stringent regulations regarding data privacy compliance and growing adoption of cloud and mobility technologies. Some of the key players in Encryption Software market include IBM Corporation, EMC Corporation, Checkpoint Software Technologies, Intel Corporation, Trend Micro, Inc., Microsoft Corporation, SAS Institute, Inc., Sophos Ltd., Winmagic, Inc, Symantec Corporation, Cisco Systems Inc. and Hewlett-Packard. Request for Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/826986-encryption-software-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Deployment Types Covered:  • On-Premise Deployment  • Cloud Deployment Applications Covered:  • Communication Encryption  • Disk Encryption  • Database Encryption  • Cloud Encryption  • File/Folder Encryption End Users Covered:  • Large Enterprises  • Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) Service Covered:  • Managed Service  • Professional Service Industries Covered:  • Government & Public Sector  • Aerospace & Defense  • Banking, Financial Services, and Insurance  • Retail  • Healthcare  • Telecom  • Other End Users Leave a Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/826986-encryption-software-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Regions Covered:  • North America  o US  o Canada  o Mexico  • Europe  o Germany  o France  o Italy  o UK  o Spain  o Rest of Europe  • Asia Pacific  o Japan  o China  o India  o Australia  o New Zealand  o Rest of Asia Pacific  • Rest of the World  o Middle East  o Brazil  o Argentina  o South Africa  o Egypt What our report offers:  – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments  – Market share analysis of the top industry players  – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants  – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets  – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations)  – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations  – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends  – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments  – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Buy now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=826986 Continued…  Contact Us: Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US)  Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) Media Contact Company Name: Wiseguyreports.com Contact Person: Norah Trent Email: sales@wiseguyreports.com Phone: +1 646 845 9349, +44 208 133 9349 City: Pune State: Maharashtra Country: India Website: https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/826986-encryption-software-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Computers & Software, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Park City Group to Present at Upcoming Investor Conferences Next PostNext Wilm’s Tumor Market Report: 2024 Edition with Leading Players Search Recent Posts Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Industrial valves Market Worldwide: Latest Industry Trends, Trades, Supply, Demand, Future prospects by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman ScaleMatrix Announces GPU-as-a-Service Solution Ideal for HPC, Deep/Machine Learning, and Artificial Intelligence Workloads SAN DIEGO, May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — ScaleMatrix, a leading provider of customer-premise and hosted cloud services for HPC and Big Data workloads delivered on the industry’s leading Dynamic Density Control™ (DDC) enclosure platform, today announced a GPU-as-a-Service solution with the dense Graphics Processing Unit (GPU) power to deliver unprecedented efficiency gains at an affordable price point for today’s demanding HPC, Deep Learning and Artificial Intelligence (AI) workloads. „We are excited to offer our customers this GPU-as-a-Service option to support their deep learning, AI and HPC needs,” said Chris Orlando, Co-Founder of ScaleMatrix.  Orlando continues, „This solution provides organizations a better, faster and less expensive alternative to Amazon P2 Instance at a cost-effective price/performance point that will help them accelerate their workloads and be competitive in today’s business environment.” With GPU-as-a-Service, ScaleMatrix supplies the servers as a bare-metal cloud offering with flexible payment options and short-term use models for GPUs on premium servers.  The solution delivers dedicated direct access with the compliance and security users need without the cloud or virtualization overhead. The system specifications range from 4-8 GPUs, with up to dual Intel® Xeon® processor E5-2630 v4, between 64-128GB RAM and a 1TB SSD NVMe for the primary drive, and 4TB SATA as a secondary drive.  The GPU-as-a-Service solutions start as low as $1,464 per month and scale to meet the needs of the consumer’s growing demand for intense GPU compute processing. In addition, ScaleMatrix delivers up to a 30% improvement on Power Usage Effectiveness (PUE) which is critical to managing the energy efficiency of computing equipment – the lower the PUE rating, the better. With GPU-as-a-Service, ScaleMatrix offers technical expertise in the areas of HPC, Deep/Machine Learning and AI with our Matrix Totalcare™ service that provides seasoned data center experts who take the guesswork out of remote hands support and ensure timely responses to all technical inquiries, big or small. ScaleMatrix is demonstrating this new solution at the GPU Technology Conference (GTC 2017) being held May 9-11 at the San Jose Convention Center. Visit us in Booth #528 to learn more about GPU-as-a-Service and our Dynamic Density Control platform that solves density, efficiency, and cooling challenges for demanding compute- and data-intensive applications. About ScaleMatrix ScaleMatrix provides both customer-premise and hosted private cloud services for HPC and Big Data workloads delivered on the industry’s leading Dynamic Density Control™ (DDC) enclosure platform. Whether you’re tackling Deep Learning, IoT, or high-end Analytics, ScaleMatrix offers high-density Cloud, IaaS, and Colocation options within their U.S. data centers. In addition, ScaleMatrix deploys modular Dynamic Density Control™ enclosures that support HPC and Big Data application on customer-premise, that modernize and future-proof an entire enterprise data center. These high-performance enclosures offer near-silent operation, extreme energy efficiency, and support any rack-mountable hardware configuration at any density. Simplify deployments and protect your investments with ScaleMatrix. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/scalematrix-announces-gpu-as-a-service-solution-ideal-for-hpc-deepmachine-learning-and-artificial-intelligence-workloads-300452808.html SOURCE ScaleMatrix Related Links http://www.scalematrix.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsTrade Show News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Maxcom Telecomunicaciones Announces Increase In Tender Offer Consideration Next PostNext Race for Hope DC Raises Nearly $30 Million for Brain Tumor Research Over Its 20-Year History Search Recent Posts Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Industrial valves Market Worldwide: Latest Industry Trends, Trades, Supply, Demand, Future prospects by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Advanced Micro Devices Analyst Ratings and Price Targets NEW YORK, NY / ACCESSWIRE / May 9, 2017 / Traders News Source, a leading independent equity research and corporate access firm focused on small and mid-cap public companies, is issuing a comprehensive report with no obligation on Advanced Micro Devices (NASDAQ: AMD), a global semiconductor company. The company recently announced financial results and business progress for the 1st quarter. AMD reported ($0.04) EPS for the quarter, meeting consensus estimates of ($0.04). The company reported revenue of $984 million during the quarter. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned ($0.12) earnings per share. The revenues for the quarter were up 18.3% compared to the same quarter last year. While earnings and revenue of the company were largely in line with expectations, the company’s future guidance came up short of what investors were expecting. As a result, on May 02, the company’s stock crashed by more than 24.2%, loosing around $3 billion market capitalization. Q1 review, 2017 guidance, analysts target price, product review: READ MORE. Copy and paste to your browser may be required to view the report – http://tradersnewssource.com/advanced-micro/. As per company management, AMD is well positioned for solid revenue growth and margin expansion opportunities across its business in the year ahead as it brings innovation, performance, and choice to an expanding set of markets. The biggest worry ahead for the management is with the firm appearing to be unable to scale up margins vis-a-vie its peers. AMD’s CPU competitor, Intel, and its GPU competitor, NVIDIA, have relatively higher gross margin. Even Micron, which had a lower gross margin a year ago, had been able to catch up with its recent quarter gross margin at 38.5%. This implies that, as the firm sees competitive and pricing pressure, it has been unable to sell more value-added high yielding products and or control expenses. Therefore, to get the profitability on track, AMD needs to articulate its strategy in a more nuanced way and drive it through the organization. A sharp focus on operational efficiencies will continue to remain a key challenge for the company and management’s ability to hold margins more successfully than its competitors will be a key monitorable. Considering recent corrections, AMD is presently ahead of the pack, among other semiconductor and chip stocks. Moreover, modest expectations coupled with reduced valuations, has further de-risked the risk reward situation for the company. Read about AMD’s prospects for 2017: READ MORE. Copy and paste to your browser may be required to view the report – http://tradersnewssource.com/advanced-micro/. DISCLOSURE Traders News Source LLC (TNS) produces regular sponsored and non-sponsored reports, articles, stock market blogs, and popular investment newsletters covering small and micro-cap equity markets. TNS has two distinct and independent departments. One department produces non-sponsored analyst certified content generally in the form of press releases, articles, and reports covering equities listed on NYSE, NASDAQ, and OTC exchanges. The other produces sponsored content (in most cases not reviewed by a registered analyst), which typically consists of compensated investment newsletters, articles, and reports covering listed stocks and micro-caps. Such sponsored content is outside the scope of procedures detailed below. TNS has not been compensated, directly or indirectly, for producing or publishing this document. PRESS RELEASE PROCEDURES The non-sponsored content contained herein has been prepared by a writer (the „Author”) and is fact checked and reviewed by a third-party research service company (the „Reviewer”) represented by a chartered financial analyst, for further information on analyst credentials, please email [email protected]. Vikas Agrawal, a CFA® charter holder (the „Sponsor”), provides necessary guidance in preparing the document templates. The Reviewer has reviewed and revised the content, as necessary, based on publicly available information which is believed to be reliable. Content is researched, written, and reviewed on a reasonable-effort basis. The Reviewer has not performed any independent investigations or forensic audits to validate the information herein. The Reviewer has only independently reviewed the information provided by the Author per the procedures outlined by TNS. TNS is not entitled to veto or interfere in the application of such procedures by the third-party research service company to the articles, documents, or reports. Unless otherwise noted, any content outside of this document has no association with the Author or the Reviewer in any way. NO WARRANTY TNS, the Author, and the Reviewer are not responsible for any error which may be occasioned at the time of printing of this document or any error, mistake, or shortcoming. No liability is accepted whatsoever for any direct, indirect, or consequential loss arising from the use of this document. TNS, the Author, and the Reviewer expressly disclaim any fiduciary responsibility or liability for any consequences, financial or otherwise arising from any reliance placed on the information in this document. Additionally, TNS, the Author, and the Reviewer do not (1) guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, completeness, or correct sequencing of the information, or (2) warrant any results from use of the information. The included information is subject to change without notice. NOT AN OFFERING This document is not intended as an offering, recommendation, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell the securities mentioned or discussed, and is to be used for informational purposes only. Please read all associated disclosures and disclaimers in full before investing. Neither TNS nor any party affiliated with us is a registered investment adviser or broker-dealer with any agency or in any jurisdiction whatsoever. To download our report(s), read our disclosures, or for more information, visit http://www.tradersnewssource.com. For any questions, inquiries, or comments reach out to us directly. If you’re a company we are covering and wish to no longer be featured on our coverage list, contact us via email at: [email protected]. CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are registered trademarks owned by CFA Institute. CONTACT: [email protected] SOURCE: Traders News Source CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Charge Anywhere Adds Audio Jack Reader to QuickSale EMV Product Offering Next PostNext 2017 Qualis Health Idaho Quality Award Winners Announced Search Recent Posts Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Industrial valves Market Worldwide: Latest Industry Trends, Trades, Supply, Demand, Future prospects by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Rothschild & Co Hires Chris Gaertner as Global Head of Technology Rothschild announces opening of new San Francisco Bay Area officeContinues expansion of its Global Advisory business in North America NEW YORK, May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Rothschild Global Advisory today announced that Chris Gaertner has joined the firm, effective August 7, 2017, as the Global Head of Technology and will lead the launch of the firm's new office in the San Francisco Bay Area. He will be joined by Walid Khiari, who joins the firm as a Managing Director on its Technology team. The Bay Area office is the seventh Rothschild office in North America, and second to open in the past year. Jimmy Neissa, Head of Rothschild & Co North America, stated, "This is a very exciting day for the firm. Chris and Walid have an exceptional reputation and background in technology, and we are delighted to welcome them to the team. Chris' background and depth of experience will serve the entire firm and our global clients well, and we are certain that he is the right choice to lead our technology practice and launch our new office in Silicon Valley." On the firm's opening of its office in Silicon Valley, Robert Leitão, Managing Partner and Head of Rothschild Global Advisory, said, "We have been serving clients in the San Francisco Bay Area for some time, and the opening of our office there will allow us to strengthen our team, ensuring that our clients continue to have access to the best people and advice. The U.S. and North American markets are a strategic priority for our firm, and this announcement demonstrates our commitment to the region. Following the opening of our Chicago office last year and the success of our team in Los Angeles over the past few years, Silicon Valley is another key piece in our plan to build out the business in the U.S." With nearly 30 years of experience, Mr. Gaertner has significant depth and breadth within the technology sector, most recently with Credit Suisse as Managing Director and Global Head of Corporate Finance Technology Investment Banking. Prior to Credit Suisse, Mr. Gaertner was a Managing Director at Bank of America Merrill Lynch and held roles as Head of Technology Investment Banking and Head of Global Software and Enterprise Technology Investment Banking. He was also previously a Managing Director and Head of Global Software at Lehman Brothers. Over his career, Mr. Gaertner has advised a number of leading technology firms, including Microsoft, Intel, HP, Ansys, Cisco, Oracle, Lyft, Palantir, Dell, Google, Adobe, Apple, IBM and Amazon, among a host of others. Mr. Gaertner holds an MBA from The Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania, a Master of Science degree in Electrical Engineering from Columbia University, and a Bachelor of Science degree in Electrical Engineering from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point. "Rothschild is a world class firm and I am honored to be joining and leading its Global Technology business," said Mr. Gaertner. "Helping this illustrious firm strengthen its presence in Silicon Valley by opening its new office is an incredible opportunity, and I am eager to help the firm in its commitment to this market. I look forward to working with Walid and my new colleagues to provide our clients with the best advice and services possible." Mr. Khiari joins Rothschild, effective August 7, 2017, after spending 20 years in investment banking. He joins Rothschild from Credit Suisse where he served as Director of Technology Investment Banking. Prior to this, he worked for Bank of America Merrill Lynch in the Technology Investment Banking group. He has worked with clients around the world and spent time early in his career in Tokyo, Japan. His recent transaction experience includes the $4.7 billion sale of Blue Coat Systems to Symantec, the $2 billion acquisition of Websense by Raytheon, and the $1.5 billion sale of Hybris Security to SAP, among others. Mr. Khiari has a deep and broad network across global technology markets, including Australia, Europe, Canada and Silicon Valley. Mr. Khiari holds a Bachelor of Science from the University of Paris and an MBA from The Wharton School. "I am excited about this opportunity to join Chris, who I have worked with for many years, as well as Jimmy and the entire team at Rothschild to found and grow this new office," said Mr. Khiari. "Rothschild has a global reputation for premier client service, and I look forward to delivering that for our clients in the technology sector and here in the San Francisco Bay Area."   Rothschild Global Advisory Brunswick Group    Kim Nicholson Justin Dini / Alex Yankus Tel: +44 20 7280 5422 Tel: +1 212 333 3810 kim.nicholson@rothschild.com       ROTHSCHILD@brunswickgroup.com   About Rothschild & Co  Rothschild & Co is a family-controlled and independent business that has been at the centre of the world's financial markets for over 200 years. It is one of the world's largest independent financial advisory groups, employing approximately 3,300 people in over 40 countries around the world. Our integrated global network of trusted professionals provide in-depth market intelligence and effective long-term solutions for our clients in Global Advisory, Private Wealth, Asset Management, and Merchant Banking. Rothschild Global Advisory, a division of the Rothschild & Co Group, designs and executes strategic M&A and financing solutions. It combines the breadth of its advisory offering with a high volume of transactions to achieve a unique understanding and perspective into markets and participants worldwide. Rothschild Global Advisory provides impartial, expert advice to large and mid-sized corporations, private equity, families and entrepreneurs, and governments through an unrivalled network of 900 industry and financing specialists in over 40 countries worldwide. SOURCE Rothschild & Co CategoriesUncategorized TagsBanking/Financial Services, Corporate Expansion, Personnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Herborium Group Reports 50% Growth in Sales in French Market in 2016 Focus on Wholesale in 2017 Next PostNext Endeavour Mining Corporation (EDVMF: OTCQX International Premier) | Endeavour Mining Reports First Quarter 2017 Results Search Recent Posts Panaya and Tricentis Deliver First Platform for Autonomous SAP Business Process Testing Team Tankers International Ltd. : 1st Quarter 2017 Results Different Duck Films and Sterling Worldwide Entertainment, LLC Announce the Pre-Production of the Feature Film „Weight” Larry Grypp, President of the Goering Center for Family & Private Business, Announces His Retirement Entries open for the 2017 Online Journalism Awards RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi ScaleMatrix Announces GPU-as-a-Service Solution Ideal for HPC, Deep/Machine Learning, and Artificial Intelligence Workloads Offering 4- and 8-GPU Configurations on the ScaleMatrix Dynamic Density Control Platform to Deliver PUE Improvements of up to 30% News provided by ScaleMatrix 09 May, 2017, 08:00 ET Share this article SAN DIEGO, May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- ScaleMatrix, a leading provider of customer-premise and hosted cloud services for HPC and Big Data workloads delivered on the industry's leading Dynamic Density Control™ (DDC) enclosure platform, today announced a GPU-as-a-Service solution with the dense Graphics Processing Unit (GPU) power to deliver unprecedented efficiency gains at an affordable price point for today's demanding HPC, Deep Learning and Artificial Intelligence (AI) workloads. "We are excited to offer our customers this GPU-as-a-Service option to support their deep learning, AI and HPC needs," said Chris Orlando, Co-Founder of ScaleMatrix.  Orlando continues, "This solution provides organizations a better, faster and less expensive alternative to Amazon P2 Instance at a cost-effective price/performance point that will help them accelerate their workloads and be competitive in today's business environment." With GPU-as-a-Service, ScaleMatrix supplies the servers as a bare-metal cloud offering with flexible payment options and short-term use models for GPUs on premium servers.  The solution delivers dedicated direct access with the compliance and security users need without the cloud or virtualization overhead. The system specifications range from 4-8 GPUs, with up to dual Intel® Xeon® processor E5-2630 v4, between 64-128GB RAM and a 1TB SSD NVMe for the primary drive, and 4TB SATA as a secondary drive.  The GPU-as-a-Service solutions start as low as $1,464 per month and scale to meet the needs of the consumer's growing demand for intense GPU compute processing. In addition, ScaleMatrix delivers up to a 30% improvement on Power Usage Effectiveness (PUE) which is critical to managing the energy efficiency of computing equipment - the lower the PUE rating, the better. With GPU-as-a-Service, ScaleMatrix offers technical expertise in the areas of HPC, Deep/Machine Learning and AI with our Matrix Totalcare™ service that provides seasoned data center experts who take the guesswork out of remote hands support and ensure timely responses to all technical inquiries, big or small. ScaleMatrix is demonstrating this new solution at the GPU Technology Conference (GTC 2017) being held May 9-11 at the San Jose Convention Center. Visit us in Booth #528 to learn more about GPU-as-a-Service and our Dynamic Density Control platform that solves density, efficiency, and cooling challenges for demanding compute- and data-intensive applications. About ScaleMatrix ScaleMatrix provides both customer-premise and hosted private cloud services for HPC and Big Data workloads delivered on the industry's leading Dynamic Density Control™ (DDC) enclosure platform. Whether you're tackling Deep Learning, IoT, or high-end Analytics, ScaleMatrix offers high-density Cloud, IaaS, and Colocation options within their U.S. data centers. In addition, ScaleMatrix deploys modular Dynamic Density Control™ enclosures that support HPC and Big Data application on customer-premise, that modernize and future-proof an entire enterprise data center. These high-performance enclosures offer near-silent operation, extreme energy efficiency, and support any rack-mountable hardware configuration at any density. Simplify deployments and protect your investments with ScaleMatrix. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/scalematrix-announces-gpu-as-a-service-solution-ideal-for-hpc-deepmachine-learning-and-artificial-intelligence-workloads-300452808.html SOURCE ScaleMatrix Related Links http://www.scalematrix.com 29 Mar, 2017, 08:00 ET Preview: ScaleMatrix Wins Most Innovative Solution Award at Leverage Big Data/Enterprise HPC My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 29 Mar, 2017, 08:00 ET ScaleMatrix Wins Most Innovative Solution Award at Leverage Big... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Networks Trade Show News You just read: ScaleMatrix Announces GPU-as-a-Service Solution Ideal for HPC, Deep/Machine Learning, and Artificial Intelligence Workloads News provided by ScaleMatrix 09 May, 2017, 08:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman ScaleMatrix Announces GPU-as-a-Service Solution Ideal for HPC, Deep/Machine Learning, and Artificial Intelligence Workloads Offering 4- and 8-GPU Configurations on the ScaleMatrix Dynamic Density Control Platform to Deliver PUE Improvements of up to 30% SAN DIEGO, May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- ScaleMatrix, a leading provider of customer-premise and hosted cloud services for HPC and Big Data workloads delivered on the industry's leading Dynamic Density Control™ (DDC) enclosure platform, today announced a GPU-as-a-Service solution with the dense Graphics Processing Unit (GPU) power to deliver unprecedented efficiency gains at an affordable price point for today's demanding HPC, Deep Learning and Artificial Intelligence (AI) workloads. "We are excited to offer our customers this GPU-as-a-Service option to support their deep learning, AI and HPC needs," said Chris Orlando, Co-Founder of ScaleMatrix.  Orlando continues, "This solution provides organizations a better, faster and less expensive alternative to Amazon P2 Instance at a cost-effective price/performance point that will help them accelerate their workloads and be competitive in today's business environment." With GPU-as-a-Service, ScaleMatrix supplies the servers as a bare-metal cloud offering with flexible payment options and short-term use models for GPUs on premium servers.  The solution delivers dedicated direct access with the compliance and security users need without the cloud or virtualization overhead. The system specifications range from 4-8 GPUs, with up to dual Intel® Xeon® processor E5-2630 v4, between 64-128GB RAM and a 1TB SSD NVMe for the primary drive, and 4TB SATA as a secondary drive.  The GPU-as-a-Service solutions start as low as $1,464 per month and scale to meet the needs of the consumer's growing demand for intense GPU compute processing. In addition, ScaleMatrix delivers up to a 30% improvement on Power Usage Effectiveness (PUE) which is critical to managing the energy efficiency of computing equipment - the lower the PUE rating, the better. With GPU-as-a-Service, ScaleMatrix offers technical expertise in the areas of HPC, Deep/Machine Learning and AI with our Matrix Totalcare™ service that provides seasoned data center experts who take the guesswork out of remote hands support and ensure timely responses to all technical inquiries, big or small. ScaleMatrix is demonstrating this new solution at the GPU Technology Conference (GTC 2017) being held May 9-11 at the San Jose Convention Center. Visit us in Booth #528 to learn more about GPU-as-a-Service and our Dynamic Density Control platform that solves density, efficiency, and cooling challenges for demanding compute- and data-intensive applications. About ScaleMatrix ScaleMatrix provides both customer-premise and hosted private cloud services for HPC and Big Data workloads delivered on the industry's leading Dynamic Density Control™ (DDC) enclosure platform. Whether you're tackling Deep Learning, IoT, or high-end Analytics, ScaleMatrix offers high-density Cloud, IaaS, and Colocation options within their U.S. data centers. In addition, ScaleMatrix deploys modular Dynamic Density Control™ enclosures that support HPC and Big Data application on customer-premise, that modernize and future-proof an entire enterprise data center. These high-performance enclosures offer near-silent operation, extreme energy efficiency, and support any rack-mountable hardware configuration at any density. Simplify deployments and protect your investments with ScaleMatrix. SOURCE ScaleMatrix CategoriesUncategorized TagsComputer hardware, Computer Software, Computer/ Electronics, Networks, Tradeshow News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Noise And Vibration Coatings Market Information, Figures and Analytical Insights 2016 – 2026 Next PostNext Ethylene Market 2017 Sales, Market Size, Market Benefits, Forthcoming Developments, Business Opportunities & Future Investments Search Recent Posts Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Industrial valves Market Worldwide: Latest Industry Trends, Trades, Supply, Demand, Future prospects by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Verifone Introduces Carbon 8, the Future of Small Business Payment Systems and the Latest Innovation in the Carbon Family LAS VEGAS–(BUSINESS WIRE)–ETA TRANSACT –Unveiling another beautifully-designed, integrated point of sale (POS) solution for small to midsized businesses, Verifone (NYSE: PAY), a world leader in payments and commerce solutions, announces Verifone Carbon 8, an affordable, smaller, and more portable POS solution and newest member of the Carbon family. Designed for high-touch industries such as hospitality and restaurants, Carbon 8’s namesake showcases a high-resolution, 8-inch, merchant-facing tablet that enables a more portable and lighter device to fit a variety of fast-paced environments. Able to run applications that help merchants operate and grow such as accounting, real-time inventory management and staffing tools, Carbon 8 offers convenient new features including a shoulder strap for comfortable carrying and optional, detachable thermal printer for on-the-spot receipts. “When portability is more important and space is limited, we now have Carbon 8, which we see in the hands of on-the-go merchants for hotel checkout, pay-at-the-table, curbside assistance and other portable and mobile use cases,” said Glen Robson, EVP, Global Head of Solutions, Verifone. “This latest innovation comes after last year’s introduction of our award-winning category killer Carbon 10, which strikes a perfect balance for those merchants who want a large countertop display with portability when they need it.” “Verifone is working with its partners to deliver on payment security, EMV and mobility so that their retail clients can focus on their businesses and serve their customers,” said Thad Peterson, Senior Analyst, Aite Group. “Carbon 8 is a good example of the way POS is evolving, providing merchants with a multifunctioning and integrated system that can be customized for vertical applications and is adaptable to changing consumer expectations.” The Verifone Carbon series is powered by the Intel® high-speed chipset for fast processing to run and integrate any POS software and third party applications. Designed with dedicated merchant and consumer facing tablets for optimal business management and consumer engagement, Carbon will have access to the Verifone App Marketplace where merchants will be able to discover, purchase and install commerce apps and customize their device to personalize the customer experience. Carbon won the 2017 iF DESIGN AWARD which was presented by Hannover-based iF International Forum Design GmbH, Germany’s oldest independent design organization. Experience Carbon 8 at booth #510 at TRANSACT 17 in Las Vegas, and see demos of the newest Verifone products and other next generation payment solutions, May 10-12, 2017. Safe Harbor Statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 for VeriFone Systems, Inc. This press release includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management’s current expectations or beliefs and on currently available competitive, financial and economic data and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Actual results may vary materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements herein due to changes in economic, business, competitive, technological and/or regulatory factors, and other risks and uncertainties affecting the operation of the business of VeriFone Systems, Inc., including many factors beyond our control. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those associated with: successful roll out of our Carbon 8 solution, execution of our strategic plan and business initiatives and whether the expected benefits of our plan and initiatives are achieved, short product cycles and rapidly changing technologies, our ability to maintain competitive leadership position with respect to our payment solution offerings, our assumptions, judgments and estimates regarding the impact on our business of the continued uncertainty in the global economic environment and financial markets, our ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses into our business and operations, our ability to protect against fraud, the status of our relationship with and condition of third parties such as our contract manufacturers, distributors and key suppliers upon whom we rely in the conduct of our business, our dependence on a limited number of customers, the conduct of our business and operations internationally, our ability to effectively hedge our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, and our dependence on a limited number of key employees. For a further list and description of the risks and uncertainties affecting the operations of our business, see our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date such statements are made. Verifone is under no obligation to, and expressly disclaims any obligation to, update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. About Verifone Verifone is transforming everyday transactions into opportunities for connected commerce. We’re connecting payment devices to the cloud—merging the online and in-store shopping experience and creating the next generation of digital engagement between merchants and consumers. We are built on a 35-year history of uncompromised security with approximately 30 million devices and terminals deployed worldwide. Our people are trusted experts who work with our clients and partners, helping to solve their most complex payments challenges. We have clients and partners in more than 150 countries, including the world’s best-known retail brands, financial institutions and payment providers. Verifone.com | (NYSE: PAY) | @verifone CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious AeroVironment, Developer of the Nano Hummingbird, Unveils Snipe™, A New, Stealthy Nano Quadrotor UAS Next PostNext New Book Launch: Cooking with Adrienne: A Story of Friendship and Food Tells the Story of Cooking and Eating with Three-Star Chefs Search Recent Posts Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Industrial valves Market Worldwide: Latest Industry Trends, Trades, Supply, Demand, Future prospects by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Boingo Wireless Joins MulteFire Alliance Board of Directors FREMONT, Calif.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–The MulteFire Alliance, an independent, diverse and international member-driven consortium that is defining and promoting MulteFire™, today announced that Boingo Wireless has joined CableLabs, Ericsson, Huawei, Intel, Nokia and Qualcomm on its board of directors. Boingo is a leading DAS and Wi-Fi provider with a footprint of wireless networks that reach more than 1 billion consumers annually. “Meeting industry and consumer requirements for high-bandwidth, reliable and secure wireless connectivity for the connected world requires industry collaboration and vision for how the networks of the future will be designed with MulteFire,” said Stephan Litjens, MulteFire Alliance Board Chair and vice president, Innovation Steering at Nokia. “As a global operator, Boingo brings to the Alliance board valuable expertise with Wi-Fi, cellular, and neutral host network deployments on a large scale, and will help us take MulteFire technology from published specification to real-world implementation.” Based on 3GPP standards, MulteFire is an LTE-based technology for standalone operation in unlicensed and shared spectrum. The MulteFire Release 1.0 specification, published in January 2017 to Alliance members, was made available for public download in April 2017. Alliance members are working on the Release 1.1 specification that will add further mobility enhancements and IoT optimizations, as well as certification program development. “Boingo is honored to join a prestigious group of executive board members who share a common vision for unlicensed spectrum and the role it will play in powering future connectivity,” said Derek Peterson, Ph.D., chief technology officer at Boingo and newly elected MulteFire Alliance board member. “Our experience deploying both licensed and unlicensed networks for more than 15 years will bring MulteFire unique perspective as it continues on its path to redefine next-generation mobile cellular technology.” The Alliance also welcomes seven new members, including Charter Communications, DAS Worldwide (soon to be Wave Wireless), DEKRA, Foxconn, RTX A/S, Sierra Wireless and ViaSat, adding additional diverse expertise to the Alliance’s membership base. To join the MulteFire Alliance or for more information, visit www.MulteFire.org. To see the full membership list, visit http://www.MulteFire.org/our-members/. Meet with the MulteFire Alliance at Wireless Global Congress Alliance board member, Dr. Derek Peterson, will present on “MulteFire and a Balanced Approach to Wireless,” on May 10 at 4:00 p.m. at the Wireless Global Congress in London. He will join panelists from Athonet, Intel and Nokia immediately following the presentation to discuss the opportunities and challenges for MulteFire as a new wireless connectivity solution in unlicensed and shared spectrum. In addition, as a sponsor of the Innovation Stage, the Alliance will showcase a MulteFire technology demonstration as part of the event’s Licensed and Unlicensed Technologies track. To schedule a meeting with the MulteFire Alliance during Wireless Global Congress, contact press@multefire.org. About the MulteFire Alliance The MulteFire Alliance is an international association dedicated to building a global ecosystem in support of the common interests of members, developers and users in the application of Long Term Evolution (LTE) and next generation mobile cellular technology in configurations that use unlicensed or shared radio spectrum. For more information about MulteFire technology, its benefits or how to become a member of the MulteFire Alliance, please visit www.multefire.org. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Thermal Processing Systems for the Food Industry: A Guide to Selecting Thermal Equipment and Technology, New Webinar Hosted by Xtalks Next PostNext Stingray fait l’acquisition de Yokee Music LTD Search Recent Posts Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Industrial valves Market Worldwide: Latest Industry Trends, Trades, Supply, Demand, Future prospects by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Coolest Gadgets - the ongoing search for the coolest gadget continues... Signup Via RSS Coolest Gadgets on Facebook Coolest Gadgets on Twitter Home Store Categories ▾ Gadget Gift Picker Gift Guides About Apple ▸ iPad Gadgets iPhone Gadgets iPod Gadgets Macs Audio/Video Gadgets Bluetooth CES Childrens Gadgets Conceptual Gadgets Cooking Gadgets Cool Clocks Digital Picture Frame DIY Gadgets Drinking Gadgets E-book readers Eco Gadgets Electronic Gadgets Gadget Competitions Gadget Gift Ideas Gadget Humor Gadget of the Week Gadget Reviews Gadget Thumbs Gaming Gadgets Gift Guides GPS gadgets Home Gadgets ▸ Garden Gadgets Home Automation Kitchen Gadgets Home Theater Medical Gadgets Military Gadgets Miscellaneous Gadgets Mobile Phones Office Gadgets PC Gadgets ▸ Software USB Gadgets Pet Gadgets Photography Remote Control Retro Gadgets Robot Gadgets Senior Living Site News Solar Powered Gear Sports ▸ Biking Gadgets Fitness Gadgets Football Gadgets Golf Gadgets Spy Stuff Tablets Tech News Toys ▸ Remote Control Toys Travel Gadgets Vehicle Gadgets Wacky Gadgets Wearable Technology Subscribe to Newsletter PC Gadgets Acer introduces new Switch models by Edwin - on May 9th, 2017 Acer goes ahead with their brand new Switch 2-in-1 range by offering powerful models — without sacrificing on the relative quietness of its operation. The Switch 5 and Switch 3 models will both run on Windows 10 to make sure that you do not miss out on the latest version of Microsoft’s operating system, while offering versatile, highly-mobile designs that will be equally effective at work, in school and for fun. It does not matter whether you pick up the Switch 5 or Switch 3, both of them will play nice with an Acer Active Pen on the touchscreen in order to sketch, jot down notes or annotate documents or photos with Windows Ink. With the Acer Switch 5, it will continue in the path of its predecessor, the Switch Alpha 12, by arriving with a fanless, quiet form factor thanks to the Acer LiquidLoop cooling system. It will be powered by up to 7th Generation Intel Core i7 processors, has a vibrant 12-inch wide-view FHD+ touch display with IPS technology, the Intel HD Graphics 620 chipset, Acer TrueHarmony and Smart Amplifier for your audio needs, while boasting of Acer’s patented auto-retracting kickstand that paves the way for easy one-handed adjustments to the viewing angle. Not only that, Windows Hello is also supported where a fingerprint reader ensures fast and secure access. As for the Acer Switch 3, this 2-in-1 device will be well-balanced, offering a generous 12.2-inch display, running on Intel processors carrying the very same quiet and fanless design as well. Its 12.2-inch display has been specially designed to deliver incredible precision and a responsive 10-point touch experience, while carrying a wide 178-degree viewing angle at Full HD resolution. Your ears will be treated to front-facing speakers that complement the stunning visuals, while its sleek metallic top cover has a distinctive yet subtle design with complementary etched edging. Expect the Acer Switch 5 to retail for $799 apiece, while the Acer Switch 3 will be half its price at $399 apiece. Press Release Related Posts Huawei reveals MateBook tablet MSI rolls out new gaming notebooks Facebook Twitter Google Tumblr Email Pocket Pinterest « OtterBox teams up with mophie to deliver the uniVERSE Write a review or comment Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website You may use <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong> in your comment. Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Top Categories Apple Childrens Gadgets DIY Gadgets Electronic Gadgets Home Automation Home Gadgets iPad Gadgets iPhone Gadgets Kitchen Gadgets Office Gadgets PC Gadgets Spy Stuff Toys Vehicle Gadgets Latest Posts Acer introduces new Switch models OtterBox teams up with mophie to deliver the uniVERSE The Rowenta Pro Precision Steam Station – steam your troubles away The Singular Sound BeatBuddy will have you tapping your toe The Jelly Cylinder Nano is both art and aquarium Drain Strain – Work smarter, not harder Urbanears welcomes the Stadion into the family BetterBack forces you to keep better posture Follow @CoolestGadgets Subscribe to Newsletter Cool Gadgets Contact Us About Gadget Gifts Submit News Gift Picker Privacy Copyright 2005-2017 Coolest-Gadgets.com, all rights reserved Powered by Wordpress Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Mobile Application Processor Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 This report covers market characteristics, size and growth, segmentation, regional breakdowns, competitive landscape, market shares, trends and strategies PUNE, INDIA, May 9, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — In this report, the global Mobile Application Processor market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Mobile Application Processor in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering United States EU China Japan South Korea Taiwan Global Mobile Application Processor market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1256797-global-mobile-application-processor-market-research-report-2017 The top players including ARM Imagination Qualcomm Intel Brodcom Vivante NVIDIA TI Samsung MediaTek On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Type I Type II On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Mobile Application Processor for each application, including Feature phones Smartphones Tablets eReaders Netbooks Automotive Navigation Devices Gaming Consoles Access Complete Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1256797-global-mobile-application-processor-market-research-report-2017 If you have any special requirements, please let us know and we will offer you the report as you want.] Table of Contents Global Mobile Application Processor Market Research Report 2017 1 Mobile Application Processor Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Mobile Application Processor 1.2 Mobile Application Processor Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Mobile Application Processor Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Mobile Application Processor Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Type I 1.2.4 Type II 1.3 Global Mobile Application Processor Segment by Application 1.3.1 Mobile Application Processor Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Feature phones 1.3.3 Smartphones 1.3.4 Tablets 1.3.5 eReaders 1.3.6 Netbooks 1.3.7 Automotive Navigation Devices 1.3.8 Gaming Consoles 1.4 Global Mobile Application Processor Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Mobile Application Processor Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 United States Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 EU Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 South Korea Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 Taiwan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Mobile Application Processor (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Mobile Application Processor Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Mobile Application Processor Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 2 Global Mobile Application Processor Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1 Global Mobile Application Processor Capacity, Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.1 Global Mobile Application Processor Capacity and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.2 Global Mobile Application Processor Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.2 Global Mobile Application Processor Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.3 Global Mobile Application Processor Average Price by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.4 Manufacturers Mobile Application Processor Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area and Product Type 2.5 Mobile Application Processor Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 Mobile Application Processor Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 Mobile Application Processor Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion 3 Global Mobile Application Processor Capacity, Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2012-2017) 3.1 Global Mobile Application Processor Capacity and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.2 Global Mobile Application Processor Production and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.3 Global Mobile Application Processor Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.4 Global Mobile Application Processor Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.5 United States Mobile Application Processor Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.6 EU Mobile Application Processor Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.7 China Mobile Application Processor Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.8 Japan Mobile Application Processor Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.9 South Korea Mobile Application Processor Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.10 Taiwan Mobile Application Processor Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 4 Global Mobile Application Processor Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Region (2012-2017) 4.1 Global Mobile Application Processor Consumption by Region (2012-2017) 4.2 United States Mobile Application Processor Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.3 EU Mobile Application Processor Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.4 China Mobile Application Processor Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.5 Japan Mobile Application Processor Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.6 South Korea Mobile Application Processor Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.7 Taiwan Mobile Application Processor Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 5 Global Mobile Application Processor Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type 5.1 Global Mobile Application Processor Production and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.2 Global Mobile Application Processor Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.3 Global Mobile Application Processor Price by Type (2012-2017) 5.4 Global Mobile Application Processor Production Growth by Type (2012-2017) ……Continued Purchase Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1256797 Norah Trent Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)/+91 841 198 5042 (IND) email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Gabriel Holding A/S – første halvår af regnskabsåret 2016/17 Next PostNext High Pressure Sterilizers Market: Segmented by Application and Geography Trends, Growth and Forecasts to 2022 Search Recent Posts Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Industrial valves Market Worldwide: Latest Industry Trends, Trades, Supply, Demand, Future prospects by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks ENTERPRISE & IT WEARABLES Home> SSDs Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS CPUs GPUs Intel Storage Mobile AMD Smartphones SSDs Laptops Home> SSDs Previewing Maxiotek's MK8115 SSD Controller: Can DRAM-less Drives Make The Cut? by Billy Tallis on May 9, 2017 8:00 AM EST Posted in SSDs Storage Micron SATA JMicron 3D NAND Maxiotek MK8115 3D TLC 3D MLC 46 Comments | Add A Comment 46 Comments + Add A Comment Inroduction Performance Consistency AnandTech Storage Bench - The Destroyer AnandTech Storage Bench - Heavy AnandTech Storage Bench - Light Random Performance Sequential Performance Mixed Read/Write Performance ATTO, AS-SSD & Idle Power Consumption Final Words Maxiotek is a very new name in the SSD market, but there's a long history behind the company. Last year, JMicron spun off their SSD controller business into Maxiotek, and the new company has retained the same engineering team and roadmap. Their first new SSD controller since being spun off is the Maxiotek MK8115, and recently we've finished testing on 512GB engineering samples that use it with both Micron 3D MLC and TLC. JMicron was one of the oldest players in the SSD market. When MLC SSDs first started to become affordable enough for some consumers, the JMicron JMF602 controller dominated the market, usually paired with Samsung MLC NAND flash. JMicron's turnkey solution was the starting point for many memory companies' entry into the SSD market. However, JMicron's fortunes changed when Intel got into the game with the X25-M and set a new standard for SSD performance. The X25-M put the JMF602 to shame and JMicron's reputation and market share have never fully recovered. JMicron's controllers matured along with the rest of the SSD market, but they've never been ahead of the curve and have largely been relegated to competing at the low end of the market. The JMicron SSD controller roadmap largely survived the transition to Maxiotek's independence, but everything got renamed and a few plans were changed. A few existing JMicron controllers are still for sale under their existing names, but even the flagship JMF670H is quite outdated, with a limit of 512GB capacity and no support for TLC NAND. The first of the new Maxiotek-branded controllers is the MK8115 SATA SSD controller. The MK8115 was originally planned to be an entry level solution, but for now it serves as the replacement for all the remaining JMicron SSD controllers. MK8115 is a big step forward: it increases the maximum drive capacity to 1TB, it adds support for 3D MLC and TLC, SLC caching, TCG OPAL encryption, and more robust error correction. The MK8115 controller does not use an external DRAM cache. DRAM-less controllers allow for a lower total bill of materials and a simpler and more compact PCB layout, but at the cost of lower performance. Mainstream SSD controllers typically use 1GB of DRAM for every 1TB of flash; this DRAM is not used to store user data that is in flight but to cache the metadata about where each logical block address is physically stored on the flash memory. Due to the wear leveling flash SSDs require, this information is constantly shifting with every write and it must be consulted for every read operation. Meanwhile also on Maxiotek's roadmap and due to hit the market this year is the MK8113 controller. Based on the same die as the MK8115, MK8113 will use a larger BGA package to enable an external DRAM interface with support for up to 2GB of DRAM and thus 2TB of flash. A successor generation consisting of MK8213 and MK8215 will further improve the error correction capabilities with codes comparable to LDPC, allowing cheap planar TLC to be supported with acceptable write endurance. The MK821x controllers are expected to be used mainly in ultra low-cost SSDs that are unlikely to be sold in the North American market, which is increasingly using 3D NAND that Maxiotek feels does not require the higher-overhead error correction. Maxiotex also has PCIe SSD controllers in the works, again in pairs with and without external DRAM support. MK8112 (DRAM-less) and MK8111 will use PCIe 3 x2 and AHCI instead of NVMe, so they will have a tough time catching on unless they are no more expensive than SATA. A later MK83xx generation will switch to NVMe and add support for the Host Memory Buffer feature that alleviates the worst limitations of DRAM-less SSD controllers. However Maxiotek hasn't given any target dates for controllers other than the current MK8115 and MK8113. Testing Maxiotek's MK8115 512GB Engineering Samples The two MK8115 engineering samples we tested used different revisions of the PCB layout and different firmware versions, but the general design is similar. The controller and four NAND packages are the only large components on the top side, and there's plenty of empty space. The back side has a handful of smaller components and empty pads for four more NAND packages as well as for the power loss protection capacitors enterprise and industrial models would require. The 512GB drive with 3D MLC is using four 32GB dies per package while the TLC drive is using three 48GB dies per package for a much larger overprovisioning ratio. Maxiotek's first design win for the MK8115 was recently released: the ADATA Ultimate SU700. The SU700 pairs the MK8115 controller with Micron 3D TLC NAND, and is positioned just below the SU800 (Micron 3D TLC with Silicon Motion SM2258 controller) as ADATA's new entry-level 3D NAND SSD. The SU700 is also using higher levels of overprovisioning than our engineering samples of MK8115; whereas our samples are 512GB, ADATA ships its equivalent SU700 with an end-user capacity of 480GB, while the other SU700 capacities are 120, 240, and 960GB. The MK8115 is the first SSD controller from Maxiotek to ship, but the last generation of JMicron SSDs are an interesting point of comparison as they are effectively the ancestors of this new controller. We have results for both the ADATA XPG SX930 and an earlier engineering sample of the same JMF670H controller. Both of those drives used planar MLC NAND. We have not yet tested any other SATA SSDs using Micron's 3D MLC NAND (only ADATA has started shipping such a drive), so we're including the results for a PCIe SSD that uses Micron 3D MLC. That drive was an engineering sample of the Silicon Motion SM2260 platform, which is now retailing as the ADATA XPG SX8000. Micron's 3D TLC has seen wider adoption and is used in the Crucial MX300 and ADATA Ultimate SU800. Intel's version of the same 3D TLC design is used in the Intel SSD 600p, one of the cheapest PCIe SSDs on the market. These drives offer the best comparisons of how the MK8115 stacks up against other controller designs from Marvell and Silicon Motion. We have not tested many DRAM-less SSDs in recent years. The Phison S11, Marvell 88NV1120 and Silicon Motion SM2258XT are the primary competitors at the moment, but we have not yet tested drives using any of those controllers. The OCZ VX500 used Toshiba 15nm MLC with a controller that supports external DRAM, but only the 1TB model was populated with extra DRAM, and only 256MB. It's possible that the 512GB VX500 has some DRAM built-in to the controller package. AnandTech 2015 SSD Test System CPU Intel Core i7-4770K running at 3.5GHz (Turbo & EIST enabled, C-states disabled) Motherboard ASUS Z97 Pro (BIOS 2702) Chipset Intel Z97 Memory Corsair Vengeance DDR3-1866 2x8GB (9-10-9-27 2T) Graphics Intel HD Graphics 4600 Desktop Resolution 1920 x 1200 OS Windows 8.1 x64 Thanks to Intel for the Core i7-4770K CPU Thanks to ASUS for the Z97 Deluxe motherboard Thanks to Corsair for the Vengeance 16GB DDR3-1866 DRAM kit, RM750 power supply, Carbide 200R case, and Hydro H60 CPU cooler Performance Consistency Inroduction Performance Consistency AnandTech Storage Bench - The Destroyer AnandTech Storage Bench - Heavy AnandTech Storage Bench - Light Random Performance Sequential Performance Mixed Read/Write Performance ATTO, AS-SSD & Idle Power Consumption Final Words Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 46 Comments View All Comments jardows2 - Tuesday, May 09, 2017 - link I fondly remember when new developments in SSD products resulted in lower prices AND better performance. Now it seems that every new product is geared only for lower prices, and the performance is getting worse! Not to mention that the prices have gone up substantially in the past year, I don't think we are at the best value time for SSD's. Reply MajGenRelativity - Tuesday, May 09, 2017 - link Can you provide evidence of performance getting worse? I haven't seen groundbreaking performance strides in anything but high-end/upper-mid (Samsung 960 series), but I haven't seen a performance regression. Reply Sonic01 - Tuesday, May 09, 2017 - link i actually found this today, i was looking for a new budget 1tb SSD. my current is a crucial m500 from 2013 i bagged for about £450, now the cheapest 1tb ss'd are about £300 but overall performance is about 30% of the m500..... in 4 years they have dropped 30% of the cost at the expense of 60% of the speed... Reply MajGenRelativity - Tuesday, May 09, 2017 - link I looked on amazon.co.uk and the Samsung 850 Evo is 300 for 1TB. I also paged around in Anandtech reviews, and it has better performance than the M500, sometimes significantly so. The MX300 is 250 for 1TB, and it also scores very well on reviews, although I didn't do a very thorough comparison to the M500, it seems a little lower in performance compared to the 850Evo, which should still put it slightly ahead of the M500 Reply CheapSushi - Wednesday, May 10, 2017 - link The big difference is the Crucial M500 is MLC NAND and the Samsung 850 EVO and similar cheaper ones are TLC NAND. TLC is inherently slower than MLC; always. It's 2 bits per cell vs 3 bits per cell. It's an important distinction when comparing SLC, MLC, TLC and soon QLC. Maybe you didn't know? Reply romrunning - Tuesday, May 09, 2017 - link Here's an example of performance regression - the Intel 600p versus any other Intel PCIe SSD (like the Intel 750 or P3700). Clear performance drop. Don't confuse it with price differences or target buyer - you only asked for an example of performance regression. Reply MajGenRelativity - Tuesday, May 09, 2017 - link The 600p isn't even targeted at the same market segment. That's like saying that every single SSD released since the Intel P4800X is a performance regression because it can't come close to those random IOPS. I'm talking about a performance regression within the same price segment. Reply CheapSushi - Wednesday, May 10, 2017 - link The Intel 600P is TLC NAND and the Intel 750 is MLC NAND.... maybe you don't know the difference? TLC is inherently slower than MLC; 3 bits per cell vs 2 bits per cell. Reply satai - Tuesday, May 09, 2017 - link There are some cheap models and there some awesome models (Intel 750 and Intel Enterprise models, Samsung 960s, Optanes...). Pick yourself. Reply MajGenRelativity - Tuesday, May 09, 2017 - link The Intel Optane enterprise drive certainly is awesome, but I find it's price a bit hard to sell an average consumer on. Reply 1 2 3 4 5 ▶ PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News NVIDIA Announces Earnings for Q1 FY 2018 AT20 Giveaway Day 10.5: G.Skill Trident Z RGB Memory & 780-Series Peripherals AT20 Giveaway Day 10: Huawei Calls for Mate 9 and P10 Smartphones Qualcomm Announces Snapdragon 660 & 630 Mobile Platforms: Better Connectivity, Camera, & Compute at 14nm Acer ProDesigner BM320 32-inch 4K Monitor Launched: dE < 1 Guaranteed AT20 Giveaway Day 9.5: Cooler Master Keyboards, Case, & a Liquid Cooler Too Toshiba Demonstrates NVMe SSD With 64-Layer BiCS3 3D NAND AT20 Giveaway Day 9: ASRock Gives Your Ryzen an X370 Taichi Motherboard Acer Predator Z271UV Gaming Monitor: 1440p, 144-165Hz, G-Sync, Eye Tracking VAIO Launches Phone A: Snapdragon 617, 3 GB RAM, 5.5” FHD, Android Corsair Launches Glaive RGB Mouse: 16,000 DPI, Interchangeable Grips, LEDs ECS Quietly Adds PB01CF Ultra Compact PC to Lineup: a 5 Oz Apollo Lake Desktop TWEETS IanCutress: @anshelsag @VelocityMicro I'm not, Ryan is though. IanCutress: @MukiEX57 @VelocityMicro Though I admit, the image on display looks like you can prop it up. Chances are you'll onl… https://t.co/NdoBA92xoT IanCutress: @MukiEX57 @VelocityMicro It's a server, designed to be put in a data center in a rack. IanCutress: For when you need the power. 8x GTX1080 TIs in one system at #gtc17 from @VelocityMicro looks slick. Time to review… https://t.co/WNS2qNUAyS IanCutress: @the_accidental I've had four systems running for three weeks, and this is the only time I've been stalled (for about 1hr) by monitors. RyanSmithAT: @JadKs10 Yes, there is a link next to your comment to grab the URL for that comment. https://t.co/L7xJMiiZGn RyanSmithAT: @Lees_Channel That's a good question. I honestly don't know the answer, but let me poke some people RyanSmithAT: @gliu007 Yes, it should be. The community team staffer doing this was out today, so they're catching up on things RyanSmithAT: @AndrewJacksonZA @anandtech Yep, sorry. Legal says we can't do giveaways outside the US RyanSmithAT: @maryjofoley @markhachman In our experience you need about a month's notice to get the required visas sorted out. C… https://t.co/F5bVBTGJMr ganeshts: Is anyone contemplating a 7700K build going to use anything other than an SSD as a boot drive? https://t.co/cioSjAs6Y7 ganeshts: @BrettHowse @majornelson QNAP has some unique well-developed features such as Virtualization Station (QEMU, made easy to use) ganeshts: @BrettHowse @majornelson Particular choice depends on needed feature set. Syno can enable 'privately hosted' G-Suite/Slack 'replacement' ganeshts: @BrettHowse @majornelson Business use-cases / multi-employee offices - Synology, Home use - QNAP's feature set is better ganeshts: @chrisheinonen Can we use wireless HEOS speakers for the surround and rear channels with these AVRs? Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password? We’ve updated our terms. By continuing to use the site and/or by logging into your account, you agree to the Site’s updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
Boingo Wireless Joins MulteFire Alliance Board of Directors Alliance grows membership with addition of seven new companies joining its ranks May 09, 2017 08:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time FREMONT, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The MulteFire Alliance, an independent, diverse and international member-driven consortium that is defining and promoting MulteFire™, today announced that Boingo Wireless has joined CableLabs, Ericsson, Huawei, Intel, Nokia and Qualcomm on its board of directors. Boingo is a leading DAS and Wi-Fi provider with a footprint of wireless networks that reach more than 1 billion consumers annually. “Meeting industry and consumer requirements for high-bandwidth, reliable and secure wireless connectivity for the connected world requires industry collaboration and vision for how the networks of the future will be designed with MulteFire,” said Stephan Litjens, MulteFire Alliance Board Chair and vice president, Innovation Steering at Nokia. “As a global operator, Boingo brings to the Alliance board valuable expertise with Wi-Fi, cellular, and neutral host network deployments on a large scale, and will help us take MulteFire technology from published specification to real-world implementation.” Based on 3GPP standards, MulteFire is an LTE-based technology for standalone operation in unlicensed and shared spectrum. The MulteFire Release 1.0 specification, published in January 2017 to Alliance members, was made available for public download in April 2017. Alliance members are working on the Release 1.1 specification that will add further mobility enhancements and IoT optimizations, as well as certification program development. “Boingo is honored to join a prestigious group of executive board members who share a common vision for unlicensed spectrum and the role it will play in powering future connectivity,” said Derek Peterson, Ph.D., chief technology officer at Boingo and newly elected MulteFire Alliance board member. “Our experience deploying both licensed and unlicensed networks for more than 15 years will bring MulteFire unique perspective as it continues on its path to redefine next-generation mobile cellular technology.” The Alliance also welcomes seven new members, including Charter Communications, DAS Worldwide (soon to be Wave Wireless), DEKRA, Foxconn, RTX A/S, Sierra Wireless and ViaSat, adding additional diverse expertise to the Alliance’s membership base. To join the MulteFire Alliance or for more information, visit www.MulteFire.org. To see the full membership list, visit http://www.MulteFire.org/our-members/. Meet with the MulteFire Alliance at Wireless Global Congress Alliance board member, Dr. Derek Peterson, will present on “MulteFire and a Balanced Approach to Wireless,” on May 10 at 4:00 p.m. at the Wireless Global Congress in London. He will join panelists from Athonet, Intel and Nokia immediately following the presentation to discuss the opportunities and challenges for MulteFire as a new wireless connectivity solution in unlicensed and shared spectrum. In addition, as a sponsor of the Innovation Stage, the Alliance will showcase a MulteFire technology demonstration as part of the event’s Licensed and Unlicensed Technologies track. To schedule a meeting with the MulteFire Alliance during Wireless Global Congress, contact press@multefire.org. About the MulteFire Alliance The MulteFire Alliance is an international association dedicated to building a global ecosystem in support of the common interests of members, developers and users in the application of Long Term Evolution (LTE) and next generation mobile cellular technology in configurations that use unlicensed or shared radio spectrum. For more information about MulteFire technology, its benefits or how to become a member of the MulteFire Alliance, please visit www.multefire.org. Contacts MulteFire Alliance Lori Mesecke, +1-503-459-9150 press@multefire.org Release Summary The MulteFire Alliance today announced that Boingo Wireless has joined CableLabs, Ericsson, Huawei, Intel, Nokia and Qualcomm on its board of directors. #Hashtags #MulteFire Contacts MulteFire Alliance Lori Mesecke, +1-503-459-9150 press@multefire.org Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Edico Genome Raises $22 Million in Series B Financing New investor Dell Technologies Capital leads round; all existing investors participate SAN DIEGO, May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Edico Genome announced today it has raised $22 million in a Series B financing to expand market adoption and product development of its DRAGEN™ platform, an end-to-end solution for analysis of next-generation sequencing data. New investor Dell Technologies Capital, the venture arm of Dell Technologies, led the round and all existing investors participated, including Qualcomm Ventures, Axon Ventures and life sciences industry executive Greg Lucier. Since DRAGEN's launch three years ago, Edico's customer base has grown to include some of the world's top clinical and academic research institutions and high-throughput sequencing centers. To date Edico's customers have processed more than twelve petabytes of data using DRAGEN for a range of activities, including rapidly diagnosing critically ill newborns, speeding turnaround time for clinical tests and accelerating time to scientific insight, all while maintaining high accuracy and reducing costs. Partnerships with life science researchers and technology partners, including Dell EMC, Intel, IBM and Amazon Web Services (AWS), have facilitated the engineering of multiple pipelines, development of all-in-one product bundles and cloud-based services to address the unprecedented amount of data generated from next-generation sequencing. "Edico's DRAGEN Bio-IT Processor is truly the pioneer in the use of a processor, specifically a field-programmable gate array (FPGA), to tackle big data in genomics, and with precision medicine still only in its infancy, the applications and opportunities are increasing exponentially," said Gregg Adkin, vice president and managing director, Dell Technologies Capital. "Edico and Dell EMC's ongoing collaboration to offer a bundled, out-of-the box solution for rapid analysis and efficient storage of next-generation sequencing data illustrates the synergies of our businesses, and with this investment we'll help pave the way toward new products and even greater adoption." The venture team of Dell Technologies Capital invests in innovative technology companies in enterprise and cloud infrastructure. The firm looks for opportunities in and around building next-generation IT infrastructure and passionately pursues investments across its strategically aligned businesses that include DELL, DELL EMC, VMware, Pivotal, RSA, Virtustream and SecureWorks. "We welcome Dell Technologies Capital to the Edico team and appreciate the expertise available to us as we accelerate our product portfolio and revenue generation," said Pieter van Rooyen, Ph.D., chief executive officer of Edico Genome. "Dell's backing will help enable the DRAGEN platform to radically change healthcare by unlocking data to reveal new insight into diseases, speed critical diagnoses and guide precision medicine." The DRAGEN end-to-end platform is an ultra-rapid, fully automated solution for analysis of next-generation sequencing data both onsite and in the cloud. Powered by FPGA-centric technology that features optimized algorithms for mapping, alignment, sorting, variant calling and more, DRAGEN enables a whole genome to be analyzed in only 20 minutes onsite, or even under 10 minutes in a single cloud instance, while maintaining high accuracy and significantly lowering costs. DRAGEN also features hyper-efficient lossless, real-time compression of data files, reducing genomic data footprint and long-term storage costs significantly. Edico holds the largest intellectual property portfolio encompassing processor-based analysis of next-generation sequencing data. About Edico Genome The use of next-generation sequencing is growing at an unprecedented pace, creating a need for easy to implement infrastructure that enables rapid, accurate and cost-effective processing and storage of this big data. Edico Genome has created a patented end-to-end platform solution for analysis of next-generation sequencing data, DRAGEN™, which speeds whole genome data analysis from hours to minutes while maintaining high accuracy and reducing costs. Top clinicians and researchers are utilizing the platform to achieve faster diagnoses for critically ill newborns, cancer patients and expecting parents waiting on prenatal tests, and faster results for scientists and drug developers. For more information, visit www.EdicoGenome.com or follow @EdicoGenome.     SOURCE Edico Genome CategoriesUncategorized TagsFinancing Agreements, Health Care/Hospitals, Medical/Pharmaceuticals Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Noise And Vibration Coatings Market Information, Figures and Analytical Insights 2016 – 2026 Next PostNext Ethylene Market 2017 Sales, Market Size, Market Benefits, Forthcoming Developments, Business Opportunities & Future Investments Search Recent Posts Rich Pharmaceuticals’ Division CannCodex Releases List of Conditional Use Permits Issued in California to Medicinal Cannabis Businesses TEPCO Joins Global Energy Blockchain Initiative – Energy Web Foundation BUYINS.NET: MTBC SqueezeTrigger Price is $1.94. There is $7,020 That Short Sellers Still Need To Cover. INSERTING and REPLACING Gillette Reinvents Traditional Shave Club Models with Gillette® on Demand™ – Delivers Smoothest, Easiest Way to Get World Class Blades MBIE releases new Housing Affordability Measure RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Silicon on Insulator Market Revenue, Opportunity, Segment and Key Trends 2017-2025 Global Silicon on Insulator Market: Overview Silicon on insulator (SOI) is a chip manufacturing technology that uses layered silicon–insulator–silicon substrates instead of the conventional bulk silicon and is used in making advanced semiconductor devices. The continued demand for miniaturization of electronic devices and advances in microprocessor design are seminal developments leading to the evolution of the silicon on insulator market. SOI wafers and transistors find wide applications in microelectronics to make advanced complementary metal-oxide-semiconductor (CMOS) integrated circuit (IC) fabrication. SOI-based devices are extensively used in a number of micro-electro-mechanical systems (MEMS) since they can lower stray device capacitance, thereby significantly improving device performance. Over the forecast period, the silicon on insulator market is expected to witness a bright prospect in the next-generation microprocessor design and wafer engineering technology. Request Sample Copy of the Report @ www.tmrresearch.com/sample/sample?flag=B&rep_id=2384 Global Silicon on Insulator Market: Key Trends The silicon on insulator market is primarily driven by the rising demand for scaling of CMOS ICs, low cost of wafers, advances in the consumer electronics market, and miniaturization of semiconductor devices. The need for reducing power consumption in a variety of mobile and portable devices has fuelled the demand for SOI devices in the consumer electronic industry. In recent years, top chipmakers such as IBM, Advanced Micro Devices, and Intel Corporation have taken surging interest in the commercialization of SOI technology. This is expected to open up lucrative avenues in the silicon on insulator market. The minor restructuring in the current chip fabrication methods has enabled several manufactures to shift from the bulk silicon technology to the SOI-based devices. Global Silicon on Insulator Market: Market Potential Continuous efforts are being made by companies in the semiconductor and electronics industry to mainstream SOI technology by bringing improvements in their chip fabrication process. Fully depleted silicon on insulator (FD-SOI) has proven to be a simplified process technology that helps in the marked miniaturization of transistors and dramatically improves the performance of SOI devices. Request TOC of the Report @ www.tmrresearch.com/sample/sample?flag=T&rep_id=2384 NXP Semiconductors N.V., a global semiconductor manufacturer based out of Netherlands, has announced in March, 2017 that it is first to market its innovative applications processor design by using FD-SOI technology. The manufacturer revealed that coupling its multiple domain architecture with FD-SOI enables it to dramatically reduce power consumption, especially improving dynamic power with as much as 50% compared to its previous i.MX 7 devices. The design offers an intuitive user-experience by allowing unprecedentedly high energy-efficient graphics acceleration. In addition, the design is capable of low power standby modes and robust visual displays in a single processor. The intelligent power system architecture is attributed to the design’s extremely high operating voltage scalability. The company announced that the processor design will prove immensely helpful in enhancing the capabilities of numerous IoT, home control, and wearable devices, since they require excellent graphics processing. Global Silicon on Insulator Market: Regional Outlook Europe and North America are prominent markets for SOI technologies. The growth of the regional markets is mainly driven by the surging application of SOI technology in a number of mobile devices and consumer electronics and the soaring application of semiconductors in gaming consoles. Asia Pacific is expected to offer lucrative market avenues over the forecast period. The increasing demand for the SOI technology in this region is attributed to the constant advances made in miniaturization of electronic devices, especially in emerging nations, and the growing demand for advanced microprocessing technologies in computers. Read Comprehensive Overview of Report@ www.tmrresearch.com/silicon-on-insulator-market Global Silicon on Insulator Market: Competitive Analysis The silicon on insulator market ecosystem consists of raw material suppliers, vendors, system integrators, chip manufacturers, and original equipment manufacturer. Several chip manufactures are actively making improvements in their fabrication processes to adopt SOI technology. This helps them ramp up the production of SOI-based devices and gain a competitive edge over others. Leading players are opting for partnerships to consolidate their presence in emerging markets. Major players operating in the silicon on insulator market include Shin-Etsu Chemical Co., Ltd., GlobalWafers Co., Ltd., Soitec, Wafer World Inc., Ultrasil Corporation, IBM, and Intel Corporation. About TMR Research TMR Research is a premier provider of customized market research and consulting services to business entities keen on succeeding in todayâ€™s supercharged economic climate. Armed with an experienced, dedicated, and dynamic team of analysts, we are redefining the way our clientsâ€™ conduct business by providing them with authoritative and trusted research studies in tune with the latest methodologies and market trends. Our savvy custom-built reports span a gamut of industries such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals and metals, food and beverages, and technology and media, among others. With actionable insights uncovered through in-depth research of the market, we try to bring about game-changing success for our clients. Contact : Rohit Bhisey Head – Internet Marketing Tel: +1-415-520-1050 Email: sales@tmrresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Media Consulting, Marketing Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Symmetry Unveils Next-Generation Infrastructure and SAP HANA Application Monitoring Platform Next PostNext Media Advisory: WSP to Hold Annual Shareholders Meeting and Unveil Its New Brand on May 10, 2017 Search Recent Posts Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Industrial valves Market Worldwide: Latest Industry Trends, Trades, Supply, Demand, Future prospects by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Please enable JavaScript in your browser to enjoy a better experience. Hongkiat.com Main Menu Design / Dev Technology Inspiration Social Commerce All Deals Search Hongkiat for: Reveal Search Form Reveal Off-canvas Navigation All About Microsoft Surface Laptop and Windows 10 S Published by Sia, in Gadgets — May 9, 2017 Just weeks before Microsoft’s Build 2017 was supposed to take place, the company held a special #MicrosoftEDU event where it introduced two new products that are targeted towards the education industry. The first is the all new Surface Laptop, while the second is a new variant of Windows 10 called Windows 10 S. Microsoft Surface With Windows RT Review Microsoft Surface With Windows RT Review 2012 is ending with a bang... when it comes to tablets. For one thing, many new tablets are…Read more Microsoft Surface Laptop – Microsoft’s Chromebook competitor We begin this article by taking a look at the Surface Laptop, Microsoft’s newest hardware offering after the Surface Studio. Unlike previous hardware developed by Microsoft, the Surface Laptop is a machine that doesn’t sport many gimmicks. Like the name implies, this device is a traditional laptop. As such, it doesn’t have the 360-degree rotating screens or detachable keyboards that many 2-in-1s have these days. Despite the lack of a fully-rotational hinge, the screen of the Surface Laptop is nothing to sneeze at. This device comes with a 13.5-inch PixelSense touch display, which is the display that was used on the Surface Studio. The display itself has an aspect ratio of 3:2 and a resolution of 2256 x 1504. The screen supports both the Surface Pen and the new Surface Dial, although those need to be acquired separately as the Surface Laptop doesn’t ship with them. Much like other laptops, the Surface Laptop comes in a many configurations in order to suit the user’s needs. The laptop can pack either a 7th Gen (Kaby Lake) Intel Core i5 or i7 processor, has up to 16GB of RAM, and comes with an SSD that can have up to 512GB of storage space. The laptop will run on the new Windows 10 S operating system, but we’ll get to that a bit later. As for the other parts of the Surface Laptop, the device comes with an Alcantara-covered keyboard, which is the same material that was used on the Surface Pro 4’s Type Cover. Ports wise, the Surface Laptop comes with a USB 3.0 port, a headphone jack, a Windows Hello-compatible camera, and a mini DisplayPort. On the peripherals side of things, apart from the aforementioned Surface Pen and Surface Dial, Microsoft has also introduced the Surface Arc Mouse, a Bluetooth mouse that ditches the standard left and right buttons for a single touch-sensitive panel instead. The Microsoft Surface Laptop will have a starting price of USD999 for the base configuration, with preorders beginning on May 5th and general availability scheduled for June 15th. The Surface Arc Mouse, on the other hand, will retail for USD79.99. Technical Details 13.5-inch PixelSense Touch Display with an aspect ratio of 3:2 and a resolution of 2256 x 1540. 7th Generation Intel Core i5 or i7 Processor. Up to 16GB of RAM, up to 512GB of SSD storage. Runs on Windows 10 S. Starting price of USD999. Supports all Surface peripherals such as the Surface Pen, Surface Dial, and the new Surface Arc Mouse. Available in four different colors. Now that we have the hardware out of the way, let’s take a look at Windows 10 S. Windows 10 S – The education-centric version of Windows 10 Joining the ranks of Windows 10 Home and Windows 10 Pro, Microsoft has introduced Windows 10 S, the education-focused version of Windows 10. Essentially Windows 10’s own version of Chrome OS, Windows 10 S is a simplified and streamlined version of Windows 10 that is made to run on both low end devices and high end machines. So, how streamlined is Windows 10 S? According to Microsoft, Windows 10 S has been streamlined in such a way that the OS would only take 15 seconds to complete its initial setup before it is ready to be used. Taking streamlining even further, Microsoft has mentioned that users will be able to store preconfigured settings onto a USB drive and transfer them onto another Windows 10 S-powered machine. On top of that, Microsoft has also included the Setup My School app and Intune for Education which assists school administrators to deploy and manage Windows 10 S PCs. Interestingly enough, despite the fact that Windows 10 S is meant to be a lightweight version of Windows 10, the OS is still capable of supporting the upcoming Windows Mixed Reality headsets. This could mean that higher end machines running on Windows 10 S will potentially be able to support Windows Holographic. While Windows 10 S sounds good so far, this particular operating system does come with some pretty strict restrictions. For starters, those who are looking to install apps on a Windows 10 S powered machine can only choose from apps that are found on the Windows Store. Should a user attempt to install an app that was acquired outside of the Windows Store, the OS would launch a pop-up window that suggests similar apps that can be found on in the store instead. This restriction alone means that those looking to use a Windows 10 S machine for their Adobe related work should probably look elsewhere. Another restriction that Windows 10 S has lies in the web browser. Seeing as no other browser is currently available on the Windows Store, Windows 10 S users will be forced to rely on Microsoft Edge at launch. In the event that an alternative web browser makes its way to the Windows Store, the user will be able to download and use it. However, the default web browser will be permanently set to Microsoft Edge. Additionally, the default search engine for Edge is permanently set to Bing, so you can’t change that either. If all of that sounds like a major dealbreaker to you, you’ll be relieved to know that there is an upside to it. Windows 10 S users will have the option to upgrade the OS to Windows 10 Pro for just 49 USD. Windows 10 Home users who wish to upgrade to Windows 10 Pro will need to pay 99 USD for it. If you’re a student, teacher or school administrator that uses a Windows 10 S device, the Windows 10 Pro upgrade will be available for free. Those who purchase the Surface Laptop will also get a free upgrade from Windows 10 S to Windows 10 Pro, but the offer will only be available until December 31st 2017. As for availability of Windows 10 S, the OS will only be available on new devices made by various Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs) such as Dell, Acer and many more. These devices are expected to have a starting price of USD189. There is no current plans for Microsoft to release a standalone version of Windows 10 S at the moment, but that could change in the future. 10 Tips & Tricks To Setup And Customize Microsoft Surface RT 10 Tips & Tricks To Setup And Customize Microsoft Surface RT Once you get it out of the box, you need only do a handful of things to set…Read more © 2007‐2017 Hongkiat.com (HKDC). All Rights Reserved. Reproduction of materials found on this site, in any form, without explicit permission is prohibited. Publishing policy ‐ Privacy Policy Close Search Search Hongkiat Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest LinkedIn Google+ Youtube Reddit Dribbble Behance Github CodePen Email
Search Follow Us! StockTwits Twitter Toggle navigation ETF News Best ETFs Best ETF Categories Upgrades/Downgrades SMART Grades™ ETF Screener Tools ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETFs Hold Your Stock Find ETFs By Leverage Find ETFs By Asset Class ETF Newsletter Search These Major Tech Stocks Have The Most Growth Potential This Year May 9, 2017 6:16am NASDAQ:QQQ ShareTweet From Prashant Sharma: No matter what investors seek from their stocks, the tech sector has it all. Right from income and growth, to long term appreciations and burgeoning financial values, you name it, and there are alternatives available right under your nose. So the question is, as we progress towards the middle of the year 2017, what are some of the stocks which are plowing through the tech marketplace to touch the pinnacles of success? Binary trading, stock trading and other forms of investment are quickly becoming the deal of the hour, as more and more investors are on the lookout to associate with the best. Here are some of the tech stocks which should be on top of your radar this year. InterDigital (IDCC) IDCC has one of the most influential stocks in the tech industry, despite its infancy in the business sector. The Internet is all about connecting devices and people to one another. IDCC is involved in making equipment required to connect devices to one another. The growth of this company’s stock has been evident in its third quarter’s earnings, which have made IDCC one of the companies to look out for. Their revenues have more than doubled in the third quarter of 2016 vs. the same quarter of 2015. Nvidia (NVDA) NVDA is the leading companies in the data visualization sectors. Initially, it made high-end computer graphic cards, which became rather popular with gamers and research labs. However, it was until much later than the demand for such graphic cards surged, causing an immense hike in the stock prices of NVDA. Since Big Data is based on the concept of visualization, it allows people to see various trends and patterns, in vast amounts of data. As technology is increasing its footprint in our lives by the day, there is no denying the fact that NVDA is just on the brink of a breakthrough, as it taps the significant opportunities’ available in the tech market currently. Finisar (FNSR) Finisar associated with everything related to optics; it produces optical sub systems for a variety of industries, which include products related to data centers, wireless, storage, and industrial businesses. FNSR overrides the other companies in the same domain by around 50%, which gives the company a higher status as compared to its competitors. Intel Corp (INTC) Being one of the most prominent tech companies, Intel Corp is making the news in 2017 for all the right reasons. In the year 2015, the giant tech company made $12 billion as gross profits, while paying its investors’ a huge dividend of $4.6 billion. With such high profits year on year, the trends are sure to continue into the future. All one needs to do is be on the lookout and enjoy being the best, only with Intel Corp. Microsoft Corp (MSFT) Who has not heard about Microsoft? It might be Bill Gate’s brainchild, but it has undoubtedly put the tech community in the limelight. In 2017 itself, Microsoft Azure is ranking second to Amazon Web as a Cloud service provider, and its revenue has grown over 116 percent since last quarter. To top that, MSFT paid a dividend of 2.5% last year along with a gross profit of $14.8 billion. As these tech companies grow, so will the profit sharing opportunities’ for the investors. With the advent of 2017, there is a lot to look forward to, especially with respect to the stock pricing and the returns on investment. The PowerShares QQQ ETF (NASDAQ:QQQ) rose $0.04 (+0.03%) in premarket trading Tuesday. Year-to-date, QQQ has gained 16.34%, versus a 7.22% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same period. QQQ currently has an ETF Daily News SMART Grade of A (Strong Buy), and is ranked #1 of 33 ETFs in the Large Cap Growth ETFs category. Editorial Disclosure: InvestingHaven does not guarantee the accuracy or thoroughness of the information reported in contributed article. The opinions expressed in these interviews do not reflect the opinions of InvestingHaven and do not constitute investment advice. All readers are encouraged to perform their own due diligence. This article is brought to you courtesy of Investing Haven. Tags: Equity NASDAQ:QQQ tech stocks technology Categories: NASDAQ:QQQ Read Next Large Cap Growth Companies Looking Strong As Earnings Season Ends Markets Cool, Tech Stocks Lead, As Post-Fed Euphoria Fades Nasdaq Plunges As Tech Firms’ H1-B Visa “Abuses” May Be Targeted By Trump Tech Stocks Lead The Way Higher So Far In 2017 Inflows Return To QQQ As Major Tech Stocks Recover Recommended for You Get Free Updates Join over 50,000 investors who get the latest news from ETFDailyNews.com! Subscribe Most Popular Why Bitcoin Could Run Up To $2,000 This Year The Gold Market Is About To Get Much Worse Before It Gets Better Warren Buffett’s Recent Valuation Comments Don’t Bode Well For Stocks Our Exclusive Tools Best ETFs List Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETF Holds Your Stock Search ETFs By Leverage Search ETFs By Asset Class Sponsored Content From Our Partners Explore More from ETFDailyNews.com Free Daily Newsletter Get daily ETF insights from our market experts. Never miss another important market development again! Sign Me Up ETFDailyNews.com respects your privacy. Best ETFs We've rated and ranked nearly 2,000 ETFs and ETNs using our proprietary SMART Grade system. View Top Rated ETFs Best Categories We've ranked dozens of ETF categories based on relative performance. Best ETF Categories ©2017 ETF Daily News About Us | Authors | Contact Us | Terms of Use
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Amit Pawar PCIe Slot Sales Market Revenue, Key Players, Supply-Demand, Investment Feasibility and Forecast 2022 PCIe Slot Sales Market Report provides an analytical assessment of the prime challenges faced by this Market currently and in the coming years, which helps Market participants in understanding the problems they may face while operating in this Market over a longer period of time. In this report, the PCIe Slot Sales Market value in 2016 and expected value by the end of 2022 along growth between 2016 and 2022 is mentioned. Various PCIe Slot Sales industry leading players are studied with respect to their company profile, product portfolio, capacity, price, cost and revenue. The firms that are included in the PCIe Slot Sales Market report are Intel, IBM, LSI, OCZ, SanDisk, STEC, SuperTalent, Magma, Dell ….and others Get a Sample of PCIe Slot Sales Market research report from – https://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-sample/10764423 Various policies and news are also included in the PCIe Slot Sales Market report. This includes labour cost, depreciation cost, raw material cost and other costs. The production process is analysed with respect to various aspects like, manufacturing plant distribution, capacity, commercial production, R&D status, raw material source and technology source. By Product Analysis the PCIe Slot Sales Market is Segmented into PCI-E X1, PCI-E X2, PCI-E X16, Other and by End Users/Applications Analysis the PCIe Slot Sales Market is Segmented into External GPUs, Storage Devices, Cluster Interconnect, Other Have any Query Regarding the PCIe Slot Sales Market Report? Contact us at: https://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10764423 Further in the PCIe Slot Sales Market research report, following points Production, Sales and Revenue, Supply and Consumption and other analysis are included along with in-depth study of each point. Production of the PCIe Slot Sales is analysed with respect to different regions, types and applications. Here, price analysis of various PCIe Slot Sales Market key players is also covered. Both, sales and revenue are studied for the different regions of the global PCIe Slot Sales Market. another major aspect, price, which plays important part in the revenue generation is also assessed in this section for the various regions. In continuation with sales, this section studies supply and consumption for the PCIe Slot Sales Market. This part also sheds light on the gap between supply and consumption. Apart from the aforementioned information, trade and distribution analysis for the PCIe Slot Sales Market, contact information of major manufacturers, suppliers and key consumers is also given. In continuation with this data sale price is for various types, applications and region is also included. Additionally, type wise and application wise consumption figures are also given. Regions covered in the PCIe Slot Sales Market report include North America, China, Europe, Japan, India and Southeast Asia. No. of Report Pages: 111 Price of Report (single User Licence): $ 4000 Purchase the PCIe Slot Sales Market Report at: https://www.absolutereports.com/purchase/10764423 CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews, Space Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Weltweit erster Lithium-Ionen-Akku mit Silizium-Anode wird gemäß UN, UL, CTIA/IEEE 1725 und IEC zertifiziert Next PostNext NHI Announces First Quarter 2017 Results Search Recent Posts Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Industrial valves Market Worldwide: Latest Industry Trends, Trades, Supply, Demand, Future prospects by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Box Technologies Offers Point of Sale (POS) Systems Suitable for Any Transactional Environment Thame, Oxfordshire — (SBWIRE) — 05/09/2017 — Box Technologies, one of the UK’s most trusted customer engagement solutions providers, offers a wide range of Point of Sale (POS) systems that enable prompt customer service. All of their POS systems come equipped with the latest Intel processors, to deliver optimum staff efficiency and ensure any software demands are met. Box Technologies’ POS systems are highly-responsive and widely used in retail stores and restaurants, as well as many other sectors. Designed using high-grade components, all of their systems are easy to use, sleek in design, and exceptionally interactive. They are able to customise each of their systems as per the client’s requirements. With a wide selection of optional peripherals, all of their point of sale systems are suitable for any transactional environment. Box Technologies wide range of highly-interactive Point of Sale (POS) systems improve customer service and reduce the business owners’ cost of ownership. They use the latest technology in each of their systems in order to deliver a powerful, expandable, and reliable solution that will meet their customers’ business needs. All of their systems can be upgraded as per the latest technological advancements over time. In addition to fixed and mobile point of sale systems, Box Technologies also provide interactive touch screens, information kiosks, digital signage and self-service kiosks, as well as sales and support services for all of their products. „Our Box Innovation Team specialises in tailored product design and installation – implementing bespoke technology into various layouts and environments. Many of our customers need help with the logistics and deployment of local, regional, and national solutions for their own enterprise–specific challenges.” said one of their representatives. About Box Technologies For over 20 years, Box Technologies has operated across retail, hospitality, banking, finance, and other related sectors to transform operational efficiency and customer experience through their solutions. Their specialist consulting, support and technical teams help businesses communicate and engage with their customers more effectively, whilst ensuring that the staff increases their productivity through mobile devices, kiosks, POS systems, interactive digital signage, and related technologies. As innovators, they are able to design, develop, and manufacture a range of technology across this whole spectrum. All of their hardware and dedicated software is carefully selected, and is accompanied by expert in-house installation and support services. For more information, please visit: http://boxtechnologies.com/ Contact Details: Box Technologies Ltd 20 Thame Park Business Centre Wenman Road CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Vehicle Intelligence Systems Market 2017 Segmentation, Demand, Growth, Trend, Opportunity and Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Web-based Real-time Communication Market 2021 Segmentation by Type, Key Drivers, Application and Geography Outlook by Key Manufacturers (Cisco, Ericsson, Google) Search Recent Posts Orbis Research: World Diagnostic ECG Industry Trends, Growth (2017-2021) Forecast Industry Growth Opportunities In Global Implantable Ports Market Delivered In Latest Report 2021 Latest News: World gross product of Dental Hand Tools Industry is forecast to expand by 2.7 per cent in 2017 and 2.9 per cent in 2018 Insulin Injection Pen Market Analysis by regions (United States, EU, China, India and Japan) Clinical Mobility Aids Market: Emerging Key Players, Investment Feasibility And Future Projection 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
/ Performance Zone Over a million developers have joined DZone. Log In / Sign Up {{node.title}} {{node.type}} · {{ node.urlSource.name }} · by {{node.authors[0].realName }} DOWNLOAD {{node.downloads}} {{totalResults}} search results Refcardz Guides Zones Jobs | Agile Big Data Cloud Database DevOps Integration IoT Java Mobile Performance Security Web Dev {{announcement.body}}{{announcement.title}} Let's be friends: New Computing Architectures to Deliver Vastly Better Compute Performance DZone's Guide to New Computing Architectures to Deliver Vastly Better Compute Performance The best IT infrastructure performance architecture is one where an app's active data is located on or as close to CPUs as possible. by Troy Mitchell · May. 09, 17 · Performance Zone Free Resource Like (0) Comment (0) Save Tweet {{ articles[0].views | formatCount}} Views Edit Delete {{ articles[0].isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ articles[0].isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }} Join the DZone community and get the full member experience. Join For Free Discover 50 of the latest mobile performance statistics with the Ultimate Guide to Digital Experience Monitoring, brought to you in partnership with Catchpoint. Having consistently fast access and easy communication from any device, from anywhere is now the default assumption of most everyone. The keen interest in the immense value hidden deep within huge quantities of data is no longer confined to analysts — it is now a key focus of almost every organization. And apprehension to meet these web-scale requirements has reached the C-suite. Consequently, such expectations, interests, and anxieties have placed enormous pressure on IT to develop and manage a software and hardware infrastructure that can deliver what companies must have in order to respond to today’s customer demands and address today’s competitive pressures.  Enter Intel’s 3D-xPoint memory and Google/Rackspace’s Zaius P9 Server technologies. These new computing architectures are designed to solve web-scale challenges. But to use them effectively, applications and compute services will have to be modified to take advantage of the non-volatile, in-memory computing benefits offered by these innovations. While getting there will take a while, new technologies leveraging in-memory compute are helping bridge the gap. Choosing ones that do not require modifications to application or service code will support simple integration with 3D-xPoint and Zaius once they are more available. To be clear, in-memory computing is nothing new. The use of DRAM to increase workload performance of databases, applications, and other services has been part of computing architectures since the era of mainframes from decades ago. In-memory caching techniques have been used to accelerate storage I/O for the past 25 years. Properly leveraged, in-memory computing results in applications and services that not only perform better but they also cost less to scale.  However, obtaining these benefits has been difficult and expensive, and in many cases, the data processed in-memory is very vulnerable to DRAM disruptions. New offerings address those challenges. When choosing a solution, look for one that allows you to easily balance cost-effective in-memory computing with data-safety and efficacy within the cloud and other virtualized computing environments.  The solution you choose should support replication to protect data from potential component failure. It’s also important to choose solutions that can claim and hold DRAM independently of other EC2 instances running on the same physical server, so there are no shared contentions for DRAM resources. And to address storage and network I/O performance, make sure the optimization tool you choose can work in close cooperation with AWS’s integrated hypervisors.  Leveraging this integration provides the benefits of the hypervisors’ caching that synchronously replicates active data across virtual machines, ensuring data consistency.  At the end of the day, delivering the highest IT infrastructure productivity should be simple, cost-effective, and worry-free. The very best IT infrastructure performance architecture is one where an application’s active data is located on or as close to CPUs as possible — and a safe, in-memory approach realizes the most optimal IOPs for virtualized computing use-cases. See my recent DZone post on Reaping In-Memory Computing Benefits on AWS to learn more about significantly improving the performance of your EC2 deployments and increasing the ROI you achieve from AWS. Is your APM strategy broken? This ebook explores the latest in Gartner research to help you learn how to close the end-user experience gap in APM, brought to you in partnership with Catchpoint. Like This Article? Read More From DZone A Guide to Performance Challenges With AWS EC2: Part 3 AppFabric Comes Apart: Great Reason to Move to Redis When Amazon EBS-Optimized Instances Make Sense Free DZone Refcard Introduction to Docker Monitoring DOWNLOAD Topics: in-memory computing ,aws ,ec2 ,performance Like (0) Comment (0) Save Tweet {{ articles[0].views | formatCount}} Views Edit Delete {{ articles[0].isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ articles[0].isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }} Opinions expressed by DZone contributors are their own. Performance Partner Resources Improve Multi-Cloud Management: Consistent Configuration, Provisioning and Optimization BMC Managing DNS Performance with Synthetic Monitoring Catchpoint APM Best Practices BMC Closing the End-User Experience Gap in APM Catchpoint Keep Your Applications Running at their Best BMC An Introduction to High-Capacity Load Testing Apica An Introduction to API Performance Testing Apica [White paper] Extending APM with Synthetic Monitoring Apica Premier Web Performance Monitoring Solution Monitis Refine your monitoring strategy with Monitis Monitis The Ultimate Guide to Digital Experience Monitoring Catchpoint Performance Partner Resources Improve Multi-Cloud Management: Consistent Configuration, Provisioning and Optimization BMC Managing DNS Performance with Synthetic Monitoring Catchpoint APM Best Practices BMC Closing the End-User Experience Gap in APM Catchpoint THE DZONE NEWSLETTER Dev Resources & Solutions Straight to Your Inbox Submit Thanks for subscribing! Awesome! Check your inbox to verify your email so you can start receiving the latest in tech news and resources. X {{ editionName }} {{ node.blurb }} Free {{node.type}} {{ ::node.title }} {{ parent.title || parent.header.title}} {{ parent.tldr }} {{ parent.linkDescription }} {{ parent.urlSource.name }} by {{ parent.authors[0].realName || parent.author}} · {{ parent.articleDate | date:'MMM. dd, yyyy' }} {{ parent.linkDate | date:'MMM. dd, yyyy' }} · {{ parent.portal.name }} Zone Tweet {{ parent.views }} ViewsClicks Edit Delete {{ parent.isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ parent.isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }}
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Investors' Soapbox AM Apple, Qualcomm: A Messy Marriage Qualcomm may be seeking to ban importation of the iPhone in the latest escalation of the dispute. Updated May 8, 2017 11:29 a.m. ET Credit Suisse Qualcomm is reportedly seeking to ban the import of iPhone into the U.S. through the International Trade Commission, according to Bloomberg. We note this move, if it turns out to be true, is Qualcomm’s (ticker: QCOM) response to Apple’s (AAPL) recent action of withholding royalty payments to its contract manufacturers.... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. What a Superstar Fund Is Buying Right Now Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Will End of Subsidies ‘Kill’ Electric Vehicle Market? Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. 5 MLPs Likely to do Best When Crude Rebounds Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Kohl’s: Can Under Armour Save the Day? Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Attention Shoppers: What You Need to Know About Kate Spade 2 Bargains Off the Beaten Track 3 At Age 20, Amazon Stock Can Fly Higher Still Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Software Defined Networking(SDN) Global Market Risk Analysis, Competitor Analysis, Choice Modelling, Trends and Forecast by 2022 According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Software Defined Networking (SDN) Market accounted for $10.88 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $134.51 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 43.2% from 2015 to 2022. Increasing adoption of SDN in enterprise datacenters across a wide range of industry verticals is one of the key factors favouring the market growth.  Furthermore, arrival of big data analytics, complicated network traffic patterns, growing services of cloud computing and need for competent infrastructure are the other factors driving the market growth. Browse the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/software-defined-networking-sdn-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 North America is the significant market for SDN owing to early adoption of novel technologies such as cloud computing, network virtualization and mobility services. Technological enhancements and high industrialization rate are few of the key factors responsible to the quick growth of the software-defined networking market in this region. However, Asia-Pacific is anticipated to grow at a faster pace during the forecast period. Some of the key players in the market are Extreme Networks, Inc., Hewlett-Packard, Intel Corporation, Juniper Networks, NEC Corporation, Dell Inc., Pica8, Inc., Plexxi, Inc., Big Switch Networks, Inc., Brocade Communications Systems, Inc., VMware, Inc., Huawei, AT&T, Alcatel-Lucent and Google Inc. Request a sample of the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/185025 End Users Covered: • Telecommunication Service Providers • Enterprises • Cloud Service Providers Solutions Covered: • Virtualization and control software • SDN Application Platform and Controller • Security Technologies • Software-Defined Storage (SDS) Platforms • Professional services • Physical network infrastructure Services Covered: • Support and Maintenance • Network Security and Analytics • Consulting and Integration • Other Professional Services Organization Size Covered: • Small and Medium Businesses (SMB) • Large Enterprises Industries Covered: • Telecom and IT • Manufacturing • Government and Defense • Consumer Goods and Retail • BFSI • Academia and Research • Other industries Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Email: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsDigital Technology, Network, network security, Software Defined Networking(SDN) Global Market, Systems Software, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Annual Beach Cleaning and May 1st Celebration in Creta Maris Beach Resort Next PostNext Global Medical Beds and Chairs Market Expected to Be Biggest Emerging Market by 2021 Search Recent Posts Special Access to M City Second Tower by the Condosbay.ca Team Special Access to M City Second Tower by the Condosbay.ca Team Kobalt Law LLP is an English and International Law firm offering clients a comprehensive selection of legal services Kobalt Law LLP is an English and International Law firm offering clients a comprehensive selection of legal services Lancashire Health Centre Helps Individuals Discover Their Own Healthy Path RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
M³ CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH DSL inventor's latest science project: terabit speeds over copper Nvidia's profits so far this year are GPU-ge ServiceNow's new CEO thinks IT can spare us from corporate re-orgs NetApp and Cisco are pumping mad dollar into data protection startup OpenWRT and LEDE agree on LInux-for-routers peace plan Microsoft's .NET-mare for developers: ASP.NET Core 2.0 won't work on Windows-only .NET HPE dumps Grandpa Software in Micro Focus care home, hightails it Take a sneak peek at Google's Android replacement, Fuchsia Android O-mg. Google won't kill screen hijack nasties on Android 6, 7 until the summer FBI boss James Comey was probing Trump's team for Russia links. You're fired, says Donald It's 2017 and Windows PCs are being owned by EPS files, webpages Just so we're all clear on this: Russia hacked the French elections, US Republicans and Dems Partners? With them? No way, says HPE of Nutanix How do ransomware scum decide what to charge you? The Big Mac index Are you ready to transform? Have we got a new, hip compound IT phrase for you! Enter... UserDev Continuous Lifecycle: Just 30 conference tickets left Servers as pets or cattle was 2012. Now it's McMansions or Hotels CLL Countdown: Doors open in 11 days, places limited Don't waste your energy on Docker, it says here – wait, that can't be right... Policy The Channel European Patent Office dragged to human rights court – by its own staff IBM freezes contractor hires to keep full-time workers fully occupied Infosec, e-health, Vets' Affairs scoop up cash in Oz federal budget Microsoft distie Entatech goes TITSUP On today's a-gender: Axing net neutrality will harm America's women, say women senators Amazon announces new Echo just as Microsoft's first Cortana-powered clone breaks cover Opposable thumbs make tablets more useful says Microsoft Research What's your worst nightmare? A Comcast, Charter cellphone network? Oh, it's coming SPB Geek's Guide CERN ready to test an EVEN BIGGER gun Comet 67P's oxygen could be a breath of fresh air America's mystery X-37B space drone lands after two years in orbit Curiosity Rover's drill is ill. But chill: we can dig Martian sand instead of rocking hard Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Rich professionals could be replaced by AI, shrieks Gartner French drone bods Parrot wheel out 'prosumer' division Sorry, Dave, I can't code that: AI's prejudice problem Facebook is abusive. It's time to divorce it Verity Stob $6,000 for tours of apocalyptic post-Brexit London? WTF, NYT? Fake ruse: USA Today calls the FBI after half of its 15m Facebook Likes turn out to be bogus Italian F-35 facility rolls out its first STOVL stealth fighter We are 'heroes,' says police chief whose force frisked a photographer 3 Data Center Storage Phew! We had to order a new array to hold all of this week's Dell EMC announcements A roundup for file geeks, blockhead nerds 9 May 2017 at 05:36, Chris Mellor Dell EMC World Dell EMC is pumping out, among other things this week, updated arrays from five product families: VMAX, XtremIO, Unity, SC and Isilon. This new gear features a heavy dose of flash, new controllers, denser enclosures, higher capacities, and refreshed software. As the main revenue-earning engine of the $74bn run-rate Dell Technologies, Dell EMC is now the storage competitor to beat – and virtually every other supplier has products aimed at besting those delivered by Michael Dell's behemoth. So Micky's mob is shoveling out a raft of announcements to keep the pressure up. Naturally there is a digital transformation marketing wrapper around all this stuff but, shorn of that, this is a set of traditional array hardware and software upgrades. Newly embedded into Dell, the EMC part of the business has adopted the Dell SC array into its product line and introduced new versions of it alongside the EMC heritage arrays to retain its top storage dog status and fend off its myriad competitors. OK, deep breath – there was an awful of lot of stuff announced on Monday, so here's our rapid summary with links to more info if you really need it: VMAX 950F The 950F version of Dell EMC's high-end, mission-critical workload array uses the latest Intel CPUs and has software enhancements to improve performance at scale. Dell EMC says it has a 25 per cent smaller footprint for the same performance than the previous generation. It, naturally, offers VMAX data management services, such as RDF (Symmetrix Remote Data Facility), D@RE (Data at-Rest Encryption), non-disruptive migration and inline compression. With a claimed 6.7 million random read hit IOPS, and 350 microseconds response time, it is said to be 68 per cent faster and have a 30 per cent better response time than the VMAX 850F. Dell EMC claims it is up to 4x faster at OLTP with compression than the nearest, but unnamed, competitor. This VMAX has more than six "nines" availability (99.9999 per cent) and Dell EMC suggests it's good for core banking, credit card processing, electronic billing or hospital record systems that "can never, ever go down." Since seven-nines Infinidat (99.99999 per cent uptime) is claiming it's faster than VMAX, and offering a win-or-lose ten grand evaluation, VMAX customers can get set for some interesting performance comparisons. This Dell EMC blog post says more about the 950F. The system can be ordered this month and will be generally available in June. XtremIO X2 We're told more horsepower has been added to XtremIO's hardware, and the software has been updated. The X2 generation has three times the capacity of the previous XtremIO models, 80 per cent better response time, and an average 25 per cent improved storage efficiency. It can support 2x more copies per cluster for integrated copy data management (iCDM), we're told. Compared to the previous XtremIO product, X2 provides 3x the capacity per X‑Brick and multi-dimensional scalability to scale up from 7TB to 138TB per X‑Brick, scaling out up to eight X‑Bricks. Also X2's rack density has been increased 4x, providing up to 5.5PB effective capacity and a capacity density of over 100TB effective per rack unit. It has a price as low as one-third of its predecessor. In contrast to VMAX, Dell EMC says the X2 "is the ideal platform for workloads that benefit from deduplication and ... iCDM for large-scale snapshots, such as VDI and development/test use cases." The X2 generation is discussed in this official blog post. Check out tech specs here. XtremIO X2 can be ordered this month and will be generally available in the summer. Unity all-flash The four new all-flash Unity 350F, 450F, 550F and 650F models feature, it's claimed, up to 4x larger file system capacity at 256TB, and an 8x increase in density compared to the previous Unity generation. They have up to 500TB of effective storage capacity in an 80‑drive, 3U enclosure. Dell EMC says inline compression for file (not block) provides an additional 2:1 savings, and supplies, overall, 8x more effective file system capacity than its predecessor. These new systems have iCDM with snapshot mobility, simpler mapped RAID protection and support for external encryption key management via KMIP (key management interoperability protocol). With new snap-in rails and better documentation, these Unities feature sub-10-minute deployment, which we're told is 33 per cent faster than before. Good to know. A Unity blog post here should provide more info. But check out a data sheet here. Unity all-flash models can be ordered this month and will be available in July. SC5020 Compared to the previous SC4020, the new and re-engineered hybrid SC entry-to-mid-range block array has twice the capacity at 2PB, up to 45 per cent more IOPS, and 3x the bandwidth, with FC, iSCSI and direct-attach SAS connectivity. There is a new 3U enclosure with 30 drive bays and dual, of course, controllers. Dell EMC claims it has the market's lowest hybrid array $/GB cost compared to other unnamed mid-range storage from major vendors. We assume this means HPE, IBM and NetApp. The comparison was done by Dell EMC using net effective capacity after 5:1 data reduction, and including five years of 7x24x4-hour on-site support as compared to other midrange storage from major vendors when using the same mix of SSD and HDD capacity. Your $/GB cost may vary, of course. The SC5020 can be ordered this month and will be generally available in June. Dell EMC tell us this page will provide more detail. There was no announcement about the PS arrays. Isilon all-flash The latest flash-filled Isilon kit has an "Infinity" architecture and modular design, and is claimed to provide up to 9x the IOPs, 18x the throughput and 21x the capacity of the closest-but-unnamed competitor's all-flash NAS array. Compared to the existing Isilon generation arrays, the Infinity systems deliver up to 6x the IOPS, 11x the throughput, and have twice the capacity. When compared with the existing Isilon HD400, the new Isilon design can, we're told, increase data center efficiency by up to 75 per cent, reducing data center power, cooling and space requirements. There are all-Flash (F800), hybrid and archive configurations. Performance and capacity can be upgraded. The new systems run the OneFS operating system and can be deployed in existing Isilon clusters or in new ones. The all-flash F800 offers up to 250,000 IOPS and 15GB/sec bandwidth per chassis. It has 60 drive bays and provides 96TB to 924TB capacity per chassis, depending on SSD capacity (1.6TB-15.4TB). Isilon F800 not yet fully unwrapped for Dell World exhibition Dell EMC is pointing these Isilon arrays at what it calls demanding file applications across industries including media and entertainment, life sciences and financial services. Check out this webpage to find out more. New Isilon platforms can be ordered this month and will be generally available in June. Nibble An Intelligent Data Mobility 2.0 offering from Dell EMC Services provides a platform- and vendor-agnostic data migration methodology. It features standardized blueprints in three packages, with customers getting an engagement tailored, Dell EMC says, to their business and technology needs. There are few more impressive sights in the industry than the Dell EMC product engine pumping out new kit for its annual show-and-tell customer and partner bonanza. Here's what is basically EMC still doing its thing, with Dell's SC taken on-board and playing its part too. We wait to see how Dell EMC will respond to Infinidat competition at the VMAX level, the pushing from Pure and NVMe in the XtremIO/Unity area and the Unity trademark case loss against Nexsan. But for Dell EMC customers, the first realization is that EMC hasn't changed inside Dell. It's an aggressive product development and marketing machine set on crushing its competition. Next page: But wait – there's more, including VxRail updates Page: 1 2 3 Next → Tips and corrections 3 Comments MORE Isilon Vmax DEll EMC Sign up to our Newsletter Get IT in your inbox daily Subscribe Whitepapers Mobile App Security Program Management Handbook Whether you are starting from square one with a mobile app security initiative, have ad-hoc tasks you want to consolidate, or just want to improve an existing program. Preparing for Private Cloud and Hybrid IT with Red Hat Cloud Infrastructure IT organizations continue to run many of their traditional apps on premise, moving to private cloud, while using public shared cloud for selected “other” workloads. Next Generation Firewall Test Report Read the report for details on its stellar performance across different attack types and low total cost of ownership. Evaluation Guide for Mobile App Security Testing What do you need to look for when identifying, evaluating, and implementing mobile app security testing solutions? Most read Facebook is abusive. It's time to divorce it 'Crazy bad' bug in Microsoft's Windows malware scanner can be used to install malware Oracle fires Java warning at IBM and Red Hat US Air Force networks F-15 and F-22 fighters – in flight! IBM: Customer visit costing £75 in travel? Kill it with extreme prejudice Spotlight Data trashed? When RPO 0 isn't enough Symmetrix daddy Moshe Yanai on chair-throwing and storage Stealth-cloaked startup claims to be developing super-fast arrays. How fast? Well... Finally – from brandbox to whitebox: Storage fabric is SDS realised Manchester college swaps out disk for rackful of hybrid flash Sweet AFA: Pure sees flash of Big Blue as it drops to fifth behind IBM SolidFire chief talks up secret upcoming hyperconverged system The gospel according to Blockchain, or is it the other way round? Sponsored links Get The Register's Headlines in your inbox daily - quick signup! Moving to the Cloud? Get a quote on selling IT. Get your cash back. About us Who we are Under the hood Contact us Advertise with us More content Week’s headlines Top 20 stories Alerts Whitepapers Situation Publishing The Next Platform Continuous Lifecycle London M-cubed Webinars The Register - Independent news, views and opinion for the tech sector. Part of Situation Publishing Sign up to our Newsletters Join our daily or weekly newsletters, subscribe to a specific section or set News alerts Subscribe Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Cookies Privacy Ts&Cs
/ Big Data Zone Over a million developers have joined DZone. Log In / Sign Up {{node.title}} {{node.type}} · {{ node.urlSource.name }} · by {{node.authors[0].realName }} DOWNLOAD {{node.downloads}} {{totalResults}} search results Refcardz Guides Zones Jobs | Agile Big Data Cloud Database DevOps Integration IoT Java Mobile Performance Security Web Dev {{announcement.body}}{{announcement.title}} Let's be friends: DataWorks Summit Munich Report: MiNiFi, Spark Text Mining, and More DZone's Guide to DataWorks Summit Munich Report: MiNiFi, Spark Text Mining, and More Get some updates about what went on at DataWorks Summit Munich and learn about the new features for MiNiFi and MLlib 2.1. by Tim Spann · May. 09, 17 · Big Data Zone Free Resource Like (3) Comment (0) Save Tweet {{ articles[0].views | formatCount}} Views Edit Delete {{ articles[0].isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ articles[0].isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }} Join the DZone community and get the full member experience. Join For Free Effortlessly power IoT, predictive analytics, and machine learning applications with an elastic, resilient data infrastructure. Learn how with Mesosphere DC/OS. The DataWorks summit was a couple of weeks ago, but the information is still all relevant and interesting! Let's take a look. Day 1 was Wednesday, April 5, 2017. You can still watch the keynotes here. It's about two hours of free content. New Items Ambari 2.5.0.3 HDP 2.6 available HDP 2.6 Performance Hortonworks Hadoop Distribution has been updated to include Spark 2.1, with upgraded Zeppelin and greatly enhanced Livy support for executing Spark jobs via secure REST. HDP 2.6 is available on HDC for AWS and Azure HDInsight as well as installation anywhere of your choosing — including IBM Power8, Intel, AMD, and your favorite Linux. MiNiFi Features Event-level access of interactions with flow files. Create. Receive. Fetch. Send. Download. Drop. Expire. Fork. Join. Capture associated attributes/metadata at the time of the event. MiNiFi Philosophy Go small — Java, write once, run anywhere, reuse core NIFI libraries. Go smaller — C++, write once, run anywhere. MiNiFi is coming to mobile! If you want to listen, parse, route, transmit, execute, filter, and prioritize, think: edge processing on MiNiFi in a constrained environment, like a car. MiniFi Command and Control! There's also text mining in Spark by Yanbo and Hortonworks. Using Spark and Python, you can do sentiment analysis, do fraud detection on a single machine, and scale to clusters of thousands of servers. You can take the same Python libraries like NLTK, and SKLearn for small data and run them at scale. Examples of data include sensor data, Twitter data, machine-generated data, and logs. The more data you have for Machine Learning, the better your results will be. For text mining on Big Data, you need the combination of Apache Spark running on YARN with Apache Hadoop storing massive data distributed on HDFS and S3. Data scientists and data engineers need to work together with better algorithms and models to make predictions on input from streaming data and to collaborate with tools like Apache Zeppelin. Dataset > feature engineering > model training > model evaluation. Spark Text Mining Algorithms LDA is used for topic models. Word2Vec puts words into features based on their meaning in an unsupervised way. CountVectorizer documents into vectors based on word count. HashingTF-IDF calculates import words of a document respect to the corpus. Dataset > regextokenizer > stopwordsdremover > count vectorizer and hashingtf > IDF > string indexer > naivebayes, logistic regression, svm, mlp > GitHub: extract topics from unstructured documents, unsupervised. Dataset > regex tokenizer > word2vec > recommendation basic classification/clustering MLlib 2.1 Features 30 feature transformers (word2vec, tokenizer). 25 models (classification, regression, clustering). Model tuning and evaluation. Great Resources on Spark Spark VLBFGS Github Large Scale ADS With Spark and Deep Learning Scaling Apache Spark MLLib to Billions of Parameters Other Recent Cool Stuff Graph Transformations for TensorFlow Learn to design and build better data-rich applications with this free eBook from O’Reilly. Brought to you by Mesosphere DC/OS. Like This Article? Read More From DZone Best of DataWorks Summit 2017 Munich Accelerating Apache Spark MLlib With Intel Math Kernel Library Industry Trends and Apache Spark's Evolving Role in the Big Data Landscape Free DZone Refcard R Essentials DOWNLOAD Topics: dataworks ,big data ,spark ,hadoop ,minifi ,text mining ,mllib Like (3) Comment (0) Save Tweet {{ articles[0].views | formatCount}} Views Edit Delete {{ articles[0].isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ articles[0].isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }} Opinions expressed by DZone contributors are their own. Big Data Partner Resources Free O'Reilly eBook: Designing data-intensive applications Mesosphere An Intro to Dataflow Programming for Data Applications Exaptive Making Service-Oriented Architecture Serve Big Data Applications Exaptive How a Data Application is Different Than a Data Visualization Exaptive Closing the Gaps in Data Warehousing Panoply Data Warehousing Trends Report 2017 Panoply How to build infrastructure and data services that deliver real-time customer interactions at scale Mesosphere Big Data Partner Resources Free O'Reilly eBook: Designing data-intensive applications Mesosphere An Intro to Dataflow Programming for Data Applications Exaptive Making Service-Oriented Architecture Serve Big Data Applications Exaptive How a Data Application is Different Than a Data Visualization Exaptive THE DZONE NEWSLETTER Dev Resources & Solutions Straight to Your Inbox Submit Thanks for subscribing! Awesome! Check your inbox to verify your email so you can start receiving the latest in tech news and resources. X {{ editionName }} {{ node.blurb }} Free {{node.type}} {{ ::node.title }} {{ parent.title || parent.header.title}} {{ parent.tldr }} {{ parent.linkDescription }} {{ parent.urlSource.name }} by {{ parent.authors[0].realName || parent.author}} · {{ parent.articleDate | date:'MMM. dd, yyyy' }} {{ parent.linkDate | date:'MMM. dd, yyyy' }} · {{ parent.portal.name }} Zone Tweet {{ parent.views }} ViewsClicks Edit Delete {{ parent.isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ parent.isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }}
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Quantum3D to Provide Visual Solution for Newest Turkish Military Helicopter Simulator Quantum3D's IDX 8000 Image Generator to Play Key Role in Development of Entirely New Light-Duty T-625 "Ozgun" Helicopter Prototype News provided by Quantum3D, Inc. 09 May, 2017, 00:01 ET Share this article MILPITAS, Calif., May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Quantum3D, Inc., a leading provider of training and simulation solutions for government and commercial applications, today announced that it has been selected to provide Image Generation technology as part of the first flight simulator being delivered to Turkish Aerospace Industries (TAI) in support of its new T-625 helicopter design. The simulator will feature Quantum3D's Independence® IDX 8000 Series Image Generator (IG), which is Quantum3D's most powerful IG solution featuring its award-winning MANTIS® scene generation software on a robust PC-based hardware platform. Initially named "Ozgun" (Turkish for "original", or "indigenous"), the T-625 is part of a program initiated in 2014 to replace the Turkish Armed Forces' aging fleet of Bell Helicopter UH-1H Hueys. This simulator is to support the first prototype airframe, currently under development, with volume production anticipated to begin in late 2018. The entire visual system (including displays) for the simulator is being integrated under contract with HAVELSAN, a prominent global software and systems provider based in Ankara, Turkey. "Helicopter simulation is one of the most demanding applications from a visual system perspective," said Brian Overy, Quantum3D's Vice President of Business Development and Sales. "We are excited to be a part of this program with TAI, and this only adds to the momentum of success we've been seeing recently as the emerging visual platform of choice in the rotary-wing segment." Quantum3D's new IDX 8000 image generator is built on the latest in visual computing technology, including Intel's latest Xeon CPUs and NVIDIA's Quadro P-series GPUs for the best performance, maximum reliability, and the highest levels of scene quality and realism available today. The IDX 8000 includes MANTIS® - Quantum3D's advanced software for real-time visual simulation.  Based on modern GPU shader programming and with its vast array of plug-ins for special effects, MANTIS is well suited to exploit the new levels of hardware power within the IDX 8000. And when packaged with Quantum3D's GeoScapeSE® World-Wide Database, IDX 8000 provides an out-of-the-box solution that's ready to fly to thousands of airports, cities, and other destinations around the globe. About Quantum3D Quantum3D, Inc. is a leading developer and provider of simulation and training products as well as the technology that drives them. Quantum3D delivers key components for use in a wide range of training markets — flight simulation; land and other vehicle training; synthetic environments and construction tools; sensor simulation; maintenance training, and a variety of augmented-reality applications. Quantum3D is headquartered in Milpitas, California. Together with its sister company Quantum3D Government Systems, both are members of Quantum3D Group, a Delaware corporation which is in turn wholly owned by HAVELSAN, a major global software and systems provider based in Ankara, Turkey. For more information about Quantum3D and its products, please visit www.quantum3d.com. About HAVELSAN HAVELSAN is a global systems and software company serving the information and defense market around the world. HAVELSAN specializes in the fields of Command Control and Combat Systems, Cyber Security and Information Technologies, Management Information Systems, and Simulation, Training and Test Systems. Focusing on analysis, design, development and integration of large systems with its expertise, capabilities, synergy, and team spirit, HAVELSAN has embraced a systematic approach to address the ever increasing client demands for large-scale solutions. HAVELSAN is headquartered in Ankara, Turkey and has offices worldwide. Please visit www.havelsan.com for detailed information about HAVELSAN. Quantum3D, the Quantum3D logo, Independence, and MANTIS are registered trademarks of Quantum3D. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/quantum3d-to-provide-visual-solution-for-newest-turkish-military-helicopter-simulator-300453467.html SOURCE Quantum3D, Inc. Related Links http://www.quantum3d.com 09 May, 2017, 02:30 ET Preview: Reiser Simulation and Training Selects Quantum3D's Visual Simulation Platform for Norwegian Civil First-responder Helicopter Training 28 Nov, 2016, 01:15 ET Preview: Quantum3D Announces Availability of Training System for Forest Fire Fighting My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 28 Nov, 2016, 01:15 ET Reiser Simulation and Training Selects Quantum3D's Visual... 28 Nov, 2016, 01:15 ET Quantum3D Announces Availability of Training System for Forest... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Aerospace & Defense New Products & Services You just read: Quantum3D to Provide Visual Solution for Newest Turkish Military Helicopter Simulator News provided by Quantum3D, Inc. 09 May, 2017, 00:01 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out10:02 GMT +310 May 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm World In Focus Fault Lines Photo Video Infographics Live Search Southeastern Australian State to Ban Flights of Drones Near Prisons © Photo: Pixabay Asia & Pacific 07:32 09.05.2017Get short URL 0 13513 The authorities of the southeastern Australian state of Victoria have moved to ban unmanned aerial vehicles from flying near prisons. MOSCOW (Sputnik) — The government of the southeastern Australian state of Victoria is introducing a ban on flights of unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) in the vicinity of prison facilities, the press service of the state's Premier Daniel Andrews said in a Tuesday statement. © Photo: YouTube/LockheedMartinVideos Lockheed Martin’s New 4-Rotor Drone Designed to Boost Military Intel Missions"The Andrews Labor Government is banning drones from flying near prisons and youth justice precincts. The changes to the Corrections Act 1986 to be introduced into Parliament today will make it an offence to intentionally or recklessly operate a drone at or near a prison or youth justice precinct," the statement said. The statement added that the restrictions would ban the UAVs from flying above prisons at height below than 400 feet in the face of a two-year jail term. According to the statement, the move aims at tackling smuggling of drugs, mobile phones and weapons. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 13 Related: India’s Largest IT Services Firm Sets Up Lab to Develop Drones in the US ‘Bad Behavior’: Iranian Drones Pester US Vessels in Persian Gulf How to Take an Aerial Selfie Without a Drone Tags: ban, prison, drone, Victoria, Australia TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All commentsShow more comments (20) Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 09:35Putin Congratulates Moon With S Korea Presidential Election Victory 09:30Snowden Speaks Out Against FBI Director Comey's Firing 09:29Russian Deputy PM Arrives in India to Take Part in Session of Trade Commission 09:21Tillerson to Attend Lavrov-Trump Meeting in Washington - US State Department 09:16UK, Europe Should Form Extended 'European Energy' Union After BrexitAll news 2017 Victory Day Parade in Moscow (VIDEO) 9763 Exit Polls Show Macron Winning Against Le Pen in French Runoff Vote With 60% 7473 Lavrov Unveils Why NATO Sent Ties With Russia Into Deep Freeze 7319 Satellite Images: Beijing Installing Missile Systems on South China Sea Islands 6911 Syrian Special Forces Blow up Nusra Tunnels in Damascus Suburb (VIDEO) 6448All news Lavrov Unveils Why NATO Sent Ties With Russia Into Deep Freeze 37 Who is Mr. Putin? West Still Can't Figure Out Russian President 29 WATCH: Video of Muslim Woman Harassed at US Supermarket Goes Viral 28 Dissent Denied: ‘Emergency’ US State Law to Silence Protesters 27 FBI Director James Comey Fired By Trump - White House 26All news Recommended Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics From Red Square to Airbase in Syria: Russia Celebrates WWII Victory Day Giving America the Cold Shoulder Results of the French Presidential Election News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Latest News Dow 20,976 -36.50 -0.17% Nasdaq 6,121 +17.93 +0.29% S&P 500 2,397 -2.46 -0.10% 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.1% lower at 5,394.10 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens fractionally lower at 7,340.37 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens fractionally lower at 395.70 2:56 A.M. ET Updated The New York Times will take you on a tour and teach you all about Brexit for $6,000 2:50 A.M. ET Opinion The ECB should avoid the temptation to cancel QE 2:51 A.M. ET Eni profit jumps as oil prices rebound 2:50 A.M. ET Barratt sees 2017 profit at top end of views 2:49 A.M. ET AstraZeneca asthma drug misses primary endpoint 2:28 A.M. ET ITV maintains outlook even as revenue falls 2:27 A.M. ET U.K. regulator may probe Capita-Vodafone deal 2:27 A.M. ET BAE trading in line; backs 2017 guidance 2:26 A.M. ET AXA revenue nearly flat as revenue misses views 2:25 A.M. ET French Insurer AXA plans to list shares in U.S. 2:24 A.M. ET Suez confirms outlook at revenue rises 2:24 A.M. ET ING net profit slips, but pretax profit up 39% 2:22 A.M. ET Ahold Delhaize net sales rise 65% in first quarter 2:22 A.M. ET Germany posts record current-account surplus 1:23 A.M. ET Updated Oil prices get respite from selling after encouraging signals on U.S. supply 1:16 A.M. ET China consumer inflation edged up in April 12:09 A.M. ET Updated More than 40% of Americans won’t date a person who has this one financial problem Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Quantum3D to Provide Visual Solution for Newest Turkish Military Helicopter Simulator By Published: May 9, 2017 12:01 a.m. ET Share Quantum3D's IDX 8000 Image Generator to Play Key Role in Development of Entirely New Light-Duty T-625 "Ozgun" Helicopter Prototype MILPITAS, Calif., May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Quantum3D, Inc., a leading provider of training and simulation solutions for government and commercial applications, today announced that it has been selected to provide Image Generation technology as part of the first flight simulator being delivered to Turkish Aerospace Industries (TAI) in support of its new T-625 helicopter design. The simulator will feature Quantum3D's Independence® IDX 8000 Series Image Generator (IG), which is Quantum3D's most powerful IG solution featuring its award-winning MANTIS® scene generation software on a robust PC-based hardware platform. Initially named "Ozgun" (Turkish for "original", or "indigenous"), the T-625 is part of a program initiated in 2014 to replace the Turkish Armed Forces' aging fleet of Bell Helicopter UH-1H Hueys. This simulator is to support the first prototype airframe, currently under development, with volume production anticipated to begin in late 2018. The entire visual system (including displays) for the simulator is being integrated under contract with HAVELSAN, a prominent global software and systems provider based in Ankara, Turkey. "Helicopter simulation is one of the most demanding applications from a visual system perspective," said Brian Overy, Quantum3D's Vice President of Business Development and Sales. "We are excited to be a part of this program with TAI, and this only adds to the momentum of success we've been seeing recently as the emerging visual platform of choice in the rotary-wing segment." Quantum3D's new IDX 8000 image generator is built on the latest in visual computing technology, including Intel's latest Xeon CPUs and NVIDIA's Quadro P-series GPUs for the best performance, maximum reliability, and the highest levels of scene quality and realism available today. The IDX 8000 includes MANTIS® - Quantum3D's advanced software for real-time visual simulation.  Based on modern GPU shader programming and with its vast array of plug-ins for special effects, MANTIS is well suited to exploit the new levels of hardware power within the IDX 8000. And when packaged with Quantum3D's GeoScapeSE® World-Wide Database, IDX 8000 provides an out-of-the-box solution that's ready to fly to thousands of airports, cities, and other destinations around the globe. About Quantum3DQuantum3D, Inc. is a leading developer and provider of simulation and training products as well as the technology that drives them. Quantum3D delivers key components for use in a wide range of training markets — flight simulation; land and other vehicle training; synthetic environments and construction tools; sensor simulation; maintenance training, and a variety of augmented-reality applications. Quantum3D is headquartered in Milpitas, California. Together with its sister company Quantum3D Government Systems, both are members of Quantum3D Group, a Delaware corporation which is in turn wholly owned by HAVELSAN, a major global software and systems provider based in Ankara, Turkey. For more information about Quantum3D and its products, please visit www.quantum3d.com. About HAVELSANHAVELSAN is a global systems and software company serving the information and defense market around the world. HAVELSAN specializes in the fields of Command Control and Combat Systems, Cyber Security and Information Technologies, Management Information Systems, and Simulation, Training and Test Systems. Focusing on analysis, design, development and integration of large systems with its expertise, capabilities, synergy, and team spirit, HAVELSAN has embraced a systematic approach to address the ever increasing client demands for large-scale solutions. HAVELSAN is headquartered in Ankara, Turkey and has offices worldwide. Please visit www.havelsan.com for detailed information about HAVELSAN. Quantum3D, the Quantum3D logo, Independence, and MANTIS are registered trademarks of Quantum3D. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/quantum3d-to-provide-visual-solution-for-newest-turkish-military-helicopter-simulator-300453467.html SOURCE Quantum3D, Inc. Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Yelp plummets as advertisers revolt Dying man claims he just borrowed $325K to go all-in on bitcoin amid record highs More than 40% of Americans won’t date a person who has this one financial problem Rushing to pay back a large student loan? You may want to think again Stealthy Home Security ‘Sees’ Without Cameras MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Quantum3D to Provide Visual Solution for Newest Turkish Military Helicopter Simulator Quantum3D's IDX 8000 Image Generator to Play Key Role in Development of Entirely New Light-Duty T-625 "Ozgun" Helicopter Prototype MILPITAS, California, May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Quantum3D, Inc., a leading provider of training and simulation solutions for government and commercial applications, today announced that it has been selected to provide Image Generation technology as part of the first flight simulator being delivered to Turkish Aerospace Industries (TAI) in support of its new T-625 helicopter design. The simulator will feature Quantum3D's Independence® IDX 8000 Series Image Generator (IG), which is Quantum3D's most powerful IG solution featuring its award-winning MANTIS® scene generation software on a robust PC-based hardware platform. Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/509143/Quantum_3D_Logo.jpg Initially named "Ozgun" (Turkish for "original", or "indigenous"), the T-625 is part of a program initiated in 2014 to replace the Turkish Armed Forces' aging fleet of Bell Helicopter UH-1H Hueys. This simulator is to support the first prototype airframe, currently under development, with volume production anticipated to begin in late 2018. The entire visual system (including displays) for the simulator is being integrated under contract with HAVELSAN, a prominent global software and systems provider based in Ankara, Turkey. "Helicopter simulation is one of the most demanding applications from a visual system perspective," said Brian Overy, Quantum3D's Vice President of Business Development and Sales. "We are excited to be a part of this program with TAI, and this only adds to the momentum of success we've been seeing recently as the emerging visual platform of choice in the rotary-wing segment." Quantum3D's new IDX 8000 image generator is built on the latest in visual computing technology, including Intel's latest Xeon CPUs and NVIDIA's Quadro P-series GPUs for the best performance, maximum reliability, and the highest levels of scene quality and realism available today. The IDX 8000 includes MANTIS® - Quantum3D's advanced software for real-time visual simulation.  Based on modern GPU shader programming and with its vast array of plug-ins for special effects, MANTIS is well suited to exploit the new levels of hardware power within the IDX 8000. And when packaged with Quantum3D's GeoScapeSE® World-Wide Database, IDX 8000 provides an out-of-the-box solution that's ready to fly to thousands of airports, cities, and other destinations around the globe. About Quantum3D Quantum3D, Inc. is a leading developer and provider of simulation and training products as well as the technology that drives them. Quantum3D delivers key components for use in a wide range of training markets — flight simulation; land and other vehicle training; synthetic environments and construction tools; sensor simulation; maintenance training, and a variety of augmented-reality applications. Quantum3D is headquartered in Milpitas, California. Together with its sister company Quantum3D Government Systems, both are members of Quantum3D Group, a Delaware corporation which is in turn wholly owned by HAVELSAN, a major global software and systems provider based in Ankara, Turkey. For more information about Quantum3D and its products, please visit www.quantum3d.com. About HAVELSAN HAVELSAN is a global systems and software company serving the information and defense market around the world. HAVELSAN specializes in the fields of Command Control and Combat Systems, Cyber Security and Information Technologies, Management Information Systems, and Simulation, Training and Test Systems. Focusing on analysis, design, development and integration of large systems with its expertise, capabilities, synergy, and team spirit, HAVELSAN has embraced a systematic approach to address the ever increasing client demands for large-scale solutions. HAVELSAN is headquartered in Ankara, Turkey and has offices worldwide. Please visit www.havelsan.com for detailed information about HAVELSAN. Quantum3D, the Quantum3D logo, Independence, and MANTIS are registered trademarks of Quantum3D. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.   CategoriesUncategorized TagsAerospace/Defense, Computer hardware, Computer Software, Computer/ Electronics, New Products/Services Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Hiersche, Hayward, Drakeley & Urbach, P.C. Welcomes Hillary K. Lynch Next PostNext 2017 North America IC Card Management System Market to Witness a Pronounce Growth by 2022 Search Recent Posts Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Industrial valves Market Worldwide: Latest Industry Trends, Trades, Supply, Demand, Future prospects by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Quantum3D to Provide Visual Solution for Newest Turkish Military Helicopter Simulator Quantum3D's IDX 8000 Image Generator to Play Key Role in Development of Entirely New Light-Duty T-625 "Ozgun" Helicopter Prototype MILPITAS, Calif., May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Quantum3D, Inc., a leading provider of training and simulation solutions for government and commercial applications, today announced that it has been selected to provide Image Generation technology as part of the first flight simulator being delivered to Turkish Aerospace Industries (TAI) in support of its new T-625 helicopter design. The simulator will feature Quantum3D's Independence® IDX 8000 Series Image Generator (IG), which is Quantum3D's most powerful IG solution featuring its award-winning MANTIS® scene generation software on a robust PC-based hardware platform. Initially named "Ozgun" (Turkish for "original", or "indigenous"), the T-625 is part of a program initiated in 2014 to replace the Turkish Armed Forces' aging fleet of Bell Helicopter UH-1H Hueys. This simulator is to support the first prototype airframe, currently under development, with volume production anticipated to begin in late 2018. The entire visual system (including displays) for the simulator is being integrated under contract with HAVELSAN, a prominent global software and systems provider based in Ankara, Turkey. "Helicopter simulation is one of the most demanding applications from a visual system perspective," said Brian Overy, Quantum3D's Vice President of Business Development and Sales. "We are excited to be a part of this program with TAI, and this only adds to the momentum of success we've been seeing recently as the emerging visual platform of choice in the rotary-wing segment." Quantum3D's new IDX 8000 image generator is built on the latest in visual computing technology, including Intel's latest Xeon CPUs and NVIDIA's Quadro P-series GPUs for the best performance, maximum reliability, and the highest levels of scene quality and realism available today. The IDX 8000 includes MANTIS® - Quantum3D's advanced software for real-time visual simulation.  Based on modern GPU shader programming and with its vast array of plug-ins for special effects, MANTIS is well suited to exploit the new levels of hardware power within the IDX 8000. And when packaged with Quantum3D's GeoScapeSE® World-Wide Database, IDX 8000 provides an out-of-the-box solution that's ready to fly to thousands of airports, cities, and other destinations around the globe. About Quantum3D Quantum3D, Inc. is a leading developer and provider of simulation and training products as well as the technology that drives them. Quantum3D delivers key components for use in a wide range of training markets — flight simulation; land and other vehicle training; synthetic environments and construction tools; sensor simulation; maintenance training, and a variety of augmented-reality applications. Quantum3D is headquartered in Milpitas, California. Together with its sister company Quantum3D Government Systems, both are members of Quantum3D Group, a Delaware corporation which is in turn wholly owned by HAVELSAN, a major global software and systems provider based in Ankara, Turkey. For more information about Quantum3D and its products, please visit www.quantum3d.com. About HAVELSAN HAVELSAN is a global systems and software company serving the information and defense market around the world. HAVELSAN specializes in the fields of Command Control and Combat Systems, Cyber Security and Information Technologies, Management Information Systems, and Simulation, Training and Test Systems. Focusing on analysis, design, development and integration of large systems with its expertise, capabilities, synergy, and team spirit, HAVELSAN has embraced a systematic approach to address the ever increasing client demands for large-scale solutions. HAVELSAN is headquartered in Ankara, Turkey and has offices worldwide. Please visit www.havelsan.com for detailed information about HAVELSAN. Quantum3D, the Quantum3D logo, Independence, and MANTIS are registered trademarks of Quantum3D. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.   SOURCE Quantum3D, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAerospace/Defense, Computer hardware, Computer Software, Computer/ Electronics, New Products/Services Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Hiersche, Hayward, Drakeley & Urbach, P.C. Welcomes Hillary K. Lynch Next PostNext 2017 North America IC Card Management System Market to Witness a Pronounce Growth by 2022 Search Recent Posts LMS for Employee Skills Management: UpsideLMS tells ‘how’ in its latest eBook F-Secure Oyj – Johtohenkilöiden liiketoimet – Matti Heikkonen F-Secure Oyj – Johtohenkilöiden liiketoimet – Risto Siilasmaa F-Secure Corporation – Managers’ Transactions – Bruce Oreck F-Secure Corporation – Managers’ Transactions – Matti Heikkonen RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Quantum3D to Provide Visual Solution for Newest Turkish Military Helicopter Simulator MILPITAS, Calif., May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Quantum3D, Inc., a leading provider of training and simulation solutions for government and commercial applications, today announced that it has been selected to provide Image Generation technology as part of the first flight simulator being delivered to Turkish Aerospace Industries (TAI) in support of its new T-625 helicopter design. The simulator will feature Quantum3D’s Independence® IDX 8000 Series Image Generator (IG), which is Quantum3D’s most powerful IG solution featuring its award-winning MANTIS® scene generation software on a robust PC-based hardware platform. Initially named „Ozgun” (Turkish for „original”, or „indigenous”), the T-625 is part of a program initiated in 2014 to replace the Turkish Armed Forces’ aging fleet of Bell Helicopter UH-1H Hueys. This simulator is to support the first prototype airframe, currently under development, with volume production anticipated to begin in late 2018. The entire visual system (including displays) for the simulator is being integrated under contract with HAVELSAN, a prominent global software and systems provider based in Ankara, Turkey. „Helicopter simulation is one of the most demanding applications from a visual system perspective,” said Brian Overy, Quantum3D’s Vice President of Business Development and Sales. „We are excited to be a part of this program with TAI, and this only adds to the momentum of success we’ve been seeing recently as the emerging visual platform of choice in the rotary-wing segment.” Quantum3D’s new IDX 8000 image generator is built on the latest in visual computing technology, including Intel’s latest Xeon CPUs and NVIDIA’s Quadro P-series GPUs for the best performance, maximum reliability, and the highest levels of scene quality and realism available today. The IDX 8000 includes MANTIS® – Quantum3D’s advanced software for real-time visual simulation.  Based on modern GPU shader programming and with its vast array of plug-ins for special effects, MANTIS is well suited to exploit the new levels of hardware power within the IDX 8000. And when packaged with Quantum3D’s GeoScapeSE® World-Wide Database, IDX 8000 provides an out-of-the-box solution that’s ready to fly to thousands of airports, cities, and other destinations around the globe. About Quantum3D Quantum3D, Inc. is a leading developer and provider of simulation and training products as well as the technology that drives them. Quantum3D delivers key components for use in a wide range of training markets — flight simulation; land and other vehicle training; synthetic environments and construction tools; sensor simulation; maintenance training, and a variety of augmented-reality applications. Quantum3D is headquartered in Milpitas, California. Together with its sister company Quantum3D Government Systems, both are members of Quantum3D Group, a Delaware corporation which is in turn wholly owned by HAVELSAN, a major global software and systems provider based in Ankara, Turkey. For more information about Quantum3D and its products, please visit www.quantum3d.com. About HAVELSAN HAVELSAN is a global systems and software company serving the information and defense market around the world. HAVELSAN specializes in the fields of Command Control and Combat Systems, Cyber Security and Information Technologies, Management Information Systems, and Simulation, Training and Test Systems. Focusing on analysis, design, development and integration of large systems with its expertise, capabilities, synergy, and team spirit, HAVELSAN has embraced a systematic approach to address the ever increasing client demands for large-scale solutions. HAVELSAN is headquartered in Ankara, Turkey and has offices worldwide. Please visit www.havelsan.com for detailed information about HAVELSAN. Quantum3D, the Quantum3D logo, Independence, and MANTIS are registered trademarks of Quantum3D. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/quantum3d-to-provide-visual-solution-for-newest-turkish-military-helicopter-simulator-300453467.html SOURCE Quantum3D, Inc. Related Links http://www.quantum3d.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsNew Products & Services Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Aspartame and Sucralose Giants Select Direct Representative Based on Proven Success Next PostNext U.S. Census Bureau Daily Feature for May 9: Asian and Pacific American Heritage Month Search Recent Posts Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Industrial valves Market Worldwide: Latest Industry Trends, Trades, Supply, Demand, Future prospects by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Obama warned Trump against hiring Michael Flynn Julian Borger in Washington The Guardian May 8, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Obama made warning when he met Trump in the White House Flynn was forced to resign as national security adviser over Russia contacts Barack Obama warned Donald Trump in November against hiring Michael Flynn, who was forced to resign as national security adviser over his contacts with Russia after less than three weeks in office. The outgoing president issued the warning when the two men met in the White House two days after Trump’s election victory, White House spokesman Sean Spicer confirmed on Monday. Spicer acknowledged that Obama had expressed misgivings about Flynn, a former general, but said they were general criticisms. “It’s true that President Obama made it known that he wasn’t exactly a fan of Gen Flynn’s,” Spicer said, but added that such remarks were unsurprising as Flynn had been an outspoken critic of the Obama administration’s policies. He said Flynn’s security clearance had been renewed in April 2016, and the Obama White House had not stepped in to revoke it. Flynn was appointed head of the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) in 2012 but was fired two years later, reportedly over dissatisfaction over his management style and temperament. Reports on Monday attributed to Obama officials differed on whether the concerns voiced by Obama were linked to his DIA performance or because of his Russia links. Flynn had received income from RT in 2015, a state-run television channel formerly known as Russia Today, which he did not initially declare. Despite Obama’s warnings, Trump picked Flynn as his national security adviser, but the retired general was forced to resign after little more than three weeks after it emerged he had had extensive contacts with the Russian ambassador to Washington, Sergey Kislyak, and had not given a full account of them to other White House officials. Federal records also showed that his company, the Flynn Intel Group, had been paid more than a half-million dollars to lobby on behalf of projects that benefited the Turkish government in 2016. The news reports that Obama had alerted Trump over concerns about Flynn came hours before the former acting attorney general Sally Yates was due to testify to a Senate committee on her own warnings to the White House days after Trump took office that Flynn had put himself in a compromising position by his failure to make a full disclosure of his Kislyak contacts. Yates was fired a few days after her White House warning, at the end of January, for refusing to defend the travel ban, suspending entry for refugees and travelers from seven Muslim countries, in court. Yates’ testimony is expected to contradict the White House, which has sought to play down the detail and severity of her warnings about Flynn, at a time when the Trump campaign’s contacts with the Russian government in general are under scrutiny by the FBI and Congress. But in her written testimony, Yates told the committee she was limited in what she could say in open hearing. “I want to note that I intend my answers today to be as fulsome and comprehensive as possible while respecting my legal and ethical boundaries,” she said. “As the subcommittee understands, many of the topics of interest today concern classified information that I cannot address in this public setting, either directly or indirectly. My duty to protect classified information applies just as much to me as a former official as it did when I led the department.” On the day of her testimony, Trump tweeted: “Ask Sally Yates, under oath, if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to [White House] counsel.” The tweet referred to a conversation Yates had with the White House legal adviser, Donald McGahn, about Flynn’s position, and appeared to hint that she would know who had leaked the content of the discussion. Asked about the meaning of the message, Spicer said: “The tweet speaks for itself.” Trump also blamed the Obama administration for giving Flynn a security clearance. “General Flynn was given the highest security clearance by the Obama Administration - but the Fake News seldom likes talking about that,” the president tweeted on Monday. Spicer echoed this attack at his briefing, asking: “If President Obama was truly concerned about Flynn, why didn’t he pull his security clearance?” CNN reported that the concerns Obama raised about Flynn when he met Trump at the White House were connected to the Russia investigation. “Flynn’s name kept popping up,” one senior Obama administration source is quoted as saying. However, NBC quoted a former official as saying that Obama had only passed on “a general caution that he believed Flynn was not suitable for such a high-level post”. Retired military officers can retain their security clearance subject to periodic background checks, which cover foreign payments and contacts. Failure to make full disclosure of such contacts in an application for renewal of clearance is punishable by a fine or five years imprisonment. Obama administration officials say that such security clearance renewals after retirement are routine, and that vetting for a top White House post such as national security adviser would require a much higher threshold. They said such vetting was the responsibility of any incoming administration. Additional reporting by Ben Jacobs in Washington Reblog Share Tweet Share Popular in the Community Video of 1-year-old girl mimicking mom, speaking in perfect sentences goes viral 701 reactions22%59%19% Ryan protests, Pink Floyd exhibit, stones & more — it happened today: May 9 in pictures 77 reactions4%69%27% Toobin tears into Trump’s firing of Comey: ‘A grotesque abuse of power’ 2232 reactions3%66%31% FTC Issued Warnings to 45 Celebrities Over Unclear Instagram Posts 1567 reactions3%73%24% Mexico’s poppy war: Mexican army fights opium surge feeding U.S. heroin demand 514 reactions4%71%25% Voices from both sides of the aisle will be heard at Garrett town hall 4 reactions0%40%60% White House On Russia Probe After Comey Firing: It's Time to Move On 19 reactions4%73%23% Timing of FBI Director James Comey’s firing raises the question: Why now? 4840 reactions4%71%25% ‘Rob & Big’ Star Christopher ‘Big Black’ Boykin Dead at 45 441 reactions11%60%29% Trump ax falls on FBI's Comey in midst of Russia probe 10787 reactions5%71%24% Yates, tear gas, lemurs & more – it happened today: May 8 in pictures 39 reactions6%58%36% Small dog chases big bear through yard of California home 4 reactions0%100%0% After Firing FBI Director Comey, Trump Slams Sen. Schumer 3 reactions0%0%100% Ex-felon arrested in one-punch death on Las Vegas sidewalk 4521 reactions4%60%36% 'Throw her in': Teen arrested for battery after 68-year-old woman taunted and flung in Florida pool 5935 reactions4%64%32% Kellyanne Conway spars with Anderson Cooper over Trump’s firing of Comey 813 reactions4%67%29% Toobin tears into Trump’s firing of Comey: ‘A grotesque abuse of power’ Bob: Sessions was supposed to recuse himself from Russian Investigation matters. This was clearly retribution for FBI Grand Jury subpeonas issued to Flynn Assoc Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2.2k
Latest News Dow 20,976 -36.50 -0.17% Nasdaq 6,121 +17.93 +0.29% S&P 500 2,397 -2.46 -0.10% 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.1% lower at 5,394.10 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens fractionally lower at 7,340.37 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens fractionally lower at 395.70 2:56 A.M. ET Updated The New York Times will take you on a tour and teach you all about Brexit for $6,000 2:50 A.M. ET Opinion The ECB should avoid the temptation to cancel QE 2:51 A.M. ET Eni profit jumps as oil prices rebound 2:50 A.M. ET Barratt sees 2017 profit at top end of views 2:49 A.M. ET AstraZeneca asthma drug misses primary endpoint 2:28 A.M. ET ITV maintains outlook even as revenue falls 2:27 A.M. ET U.K. regulator may probe Capita-Vodafone deal 2:27 A.M. ET BAE trading in line; backs 2017 guidance 2:26 A.M. ET AXA revenue nearly flat as revenue misses views 2:25 A.M. ET French Insurer AXA plans to list shares in U.S. 2:24 A.M. ET Suez confirms outlook at revenue rises 2:24 A.M. ET ING net profit slips, but pretax profit up 39% 2:22 A.M. ET Ahold Delhaize net sales rise 65% in first quarter 2:22 A.M. ET Germany posts record current-account surplus 1:23 A.M. ET Updated Oil prices get respite from selling after encouraging signals on U.S. supply 1:16 A.M. ET China consumer inflation edged up in April 12:09 A.M. ET Updated More than 40% of Americans won’t date a person who has this one financial problem Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release FIDO Alliance and Data Security Council of India Join Forces to Promote Stronger Authentication Standards in India By Published: May 8, 2017 11:30 p.m. ET Share FIDO India Working Group Launched to Further Drive Local Market Engagement NEW DELHI & MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif., May 08, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- The FIDO Alliance today announced a partnership with the Data Security Council of India (DSCI) and the launch of the FIDO India Working Group to spread awareness of market-ready strong authentication standards and solutions in India. It is vital to have a secure, open, scalable and interoperable set of mechanisms to reduce the reliance on passwords while also protecting user privacy. These are important concepts that are enabling secure authentication practices in finance and other key industries; both within and outside the enterprise. “India is ahead of the curve on authentication in many respects - the Reserve Bank of India, for example, mandates that online transactions above a certain threshold use two-factor authentication,” said Brett McDowell, executive director of the FIDO Alliance. “The launch of the FIDO India Working Group and the partnership with DSCI extends the FIDO Alliance’s global reach and will enable us to educate the Indian market on how FIDO authentication can help service providers meet such mandates, while vastly improving security and usability of strong authentication over solutions like one-time passcodes and digital certificates.” On the creation of the partnership, Rama Vedashree, CEO, DSCI said, “With the proliferation of digital and mobile banking, secure and foolproof authentication is a key to reassuring consumers and building trust. We look forward to working with FIDO and its members in spreading awareness of stronger authentication standards.” The FIDO India Working Group will be led by co-chairs Ramesh Kesanupalli, co-founder of the FIDO Alliance and founder of Nok Nok Labs, and Ashok Chandak, senior director of global sales and marketing at NXP Semiconductors. At launch, 11 leading FIDO Alliance member companies active in the Indian market are participating in the FIDO India Working Group: Digit Secure, Feitian, FingerPrint Cards, Hypersecu, Intel Corporation, Nok Nok Labs, NXP Semiconductors, Persistent Systems, Redpine, Synaptics and Uniken, Inc. FIDO authentication reduces organizations’ and users’ reliance on passwords with interoperable on-device authentication that is stronger and easier to use. FIDO initiates regional working groups to help its members to identify and drive awareness for how FIDO standards can address in-market requirements. To learn more about the FIDO Alliance working groups, visit https://fidoalliance.org/working-groups/. About the FIDO Alliance The FIDO (Fast IDentity Online) Alliance, www.fidoalliance.org, was formed in July 2012 to address the lack of interoperability among strong authentication technologies, and remedy the problems users face with creating and remembering multiple usernames and passwords. The FIDO Alliance is changing the nature of authentication with standards for simpler, stronger authentication that define an open, scalable, interoperable set of mechanisms that reduce reliance on passwords. FIDO authentication is stronger, private, and easier to use when authenticating to online services. The FIDO Alliance Board of Directors includes leading global organizations: Aetna, Inc. AET, +0.59% ; Alibaba Holdings BABA, +2.69% ; American Express AXP, +0.36% ; ARM Holdings plc ; Bank of America Corporation BAC, +0.08% ; BC Card; CrucialTec (krx:114120); Daon; Egis; Feitian Technologies (xshe:300386); Fingerprint Cards (sto:FING-B.ST); Gemalto NV (ams:GTO.AS); Google GOOG, -0.23% ; Infineon Technologies AG ; ING ING, -1.07% ; Intel INTC, -0.47% ; Lenovo LNVGY, +0.77% ; Mastercard MA, -0.17% ; Microsoft (Nasdaq “MSFT”); Nok Nok Labs, Inc.; NTT DOCOMO, INC. DCM, -0.17% ; NXP Semiconductors N.V. NXPI, -0.12% ; Oberthur Technologies OT; PayPal PYPL, +0.10% ; Qualcomm, Inc. QCOM, +0.97% ; RaonSecure Co Ltd (kosdaq:042510); RSA [®] ; Samsung Electronics, Ltd (koscom:SECL); Synaptics SYNA, +4.01% ; USAA; VASCO Data Security International, Inc. VDSI, -1.35% ; Visa Inc. V, +0.09% ; Yubico. About DSCI Data Security Council of India (DSCI) is a premier industry body on data protection in India, setup by NASSCOM®, committed to making the cyberspace safe, secure and trusted by establishing best practices, standards and initiatives in cyber security and privacy. DSCI brings together national governments and their agencies, industry sectors including IT-BPM, BFSI, Telecom, industry associations, data protection authorities and think tanks for public advocacy, thought leadership, capacity building and outreach initiatives. W: www.dsci.in View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170508006334/en/ SOURCE: FIDO Alliance For FIDO Alliance: press@fidoalliance.org or For DSCI: Gaurav Punjabi gaurav@fidoalliance.org or media@dsci.in Copyright Business Wire 2017 Quote References AET +0.84 +0.59% BABA +3.14 +2.69% AXP +0.28 +0.36% BAC +0.02 +0.08% GOOG -2.13 -0.23% ING -0.18 -1.07% INTC -0.17 -0.47% LNVGY +0.10 +0.77% MA -0.20 -0.17% DCM -0.04 -0.17% NXPI -0.13 -0.12% PYPL +0.05 +0.10% QCOM +0.53 +0.97% SYNA +2.20 +4.01% VDSI -0.20 -1.35% V +0.08 +0.09% Show all references Most Popular Yelp plummets as advertisers revolt Dying man claims he just borrowed $325K to go all-in on bitcoin amid record highs More than 40% of Americans won’t date a person who has this one financial problem Rushing to pay back a large student loan? You may want to think again Stealthy Home Security ‘Sees’ Without Cameras MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Aetna Inc. U.S.: NYSE: AET $142.40 +0.84 (+0.59%) Volume 2.6M Open $141.34 High $142.53 Low $141.12 P/E Ratio 44.36 Div Yield 1.4 Market Cap 47.0B Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. ADR U.S.: NYSE: BABA $120.00 +3.14 (+2.69%) Volume 14.8M Open $118.62 High $120.00 Low $118.07 P/E Ratio 53.9 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 284.0B American Express Co. U.S.: NYSE: AXP $78.44 +0.28 (+0.36%) Volume 2.5M Open $78.16 High $78.74 Low $78.09 P/E Ratio 14.21 Div Yield 1.63 Market Cap 69.9B Bank of America Corp. U.S.: NYSE: BAC $23.98 +0.02 (+0.08%) Volume 58.7M Open $24.03 High $24.31 Low $23.87 P/E Ratio 15.18 Div Yield 1.25 Market Cap 238.4B Alphabet Inc. Cl C U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOG $932.17 -2.13 (-0.23%) Volume 1.5M Open $936.95 High $937.50 Low $929.53 P/E Ratio 31.5 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 651.6B ING Groep N.V. ADR U.S.: NYSE: ING $16.49 -0.18 (-1.07%) Volume 4.1M Open $16.59 High $16.66 Low $16.44 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 5.47 Market Cap 66.6B Intel Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: INTC $36.37 -0.17 (-0.47%) Volume 17.0M Open $36.48 High $36.75 Low $36.28 P/E Ratio 15.81 Div Yield 3 Market Cap 172.1B Lenovo Group Ltd. ADR U.S.: OTC: LNVGY $12.69 +0.10 (+0.77%) Volume 19173 Open $12.94 High $12.94 Low $12.52 P/E Ratio 11.54 Div Yield 2.44 Market Cap 7.0B Mastercard Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MA $116.41 -0.20 (-0.17%) Volume 2.3M Open $116.63 High $116.91 Low $116.04 P/E Ratio 30.39 Div Yield 0.76 Market Cap 125.0B NTT DoCoMo Inc. ADR U.S.: NYSE: DCM $23.99 -0.04 (-0.17%) Volume 152.8K Open $23.94 High $24.02 Low $23.93 P/E Ratio 14.68 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 93.6B NXP Semiconductors N.V. U.S.: Nasdaq: NXPI $106.77 -0.13 (-0.12%) Volume 2.2M Open $106.66 High $107.02 Low $106.65 P/E Ratio 24.38 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 37.0B PayPal Holdings Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: PYPL $49.22 +0.05 (+0.10%) Volume 4.7M Open $49.06 High $49.37 Low $48.90 P/E Ratio 41.71 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 59.1B Qualcomm Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: QCOM $55.15 +0.53 (+0.97%) Volume 8.1M Open $54.69 High $55.19 Low $54.63 P/E Ratio 18.38 Div Yield 4.13 Market Cap 80.7B Synaptics Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: SYNA $57.11 +2.20 (+4.01%) Volume 910.2K Open $55.00 High $57.29 Low $55.00 P/E Ratio 83.99 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 1.9B Vasco Data Security International Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: VDSI $14.60 -0.20 (-1.35%) Volume 142.0K Open $14.85 High $14.95 Low $14.55 P/E Ratio 66.36 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 594.9M VISA Inc. Cl A U.S.: NYSE: V $92.00 +0.08 (+0.09%) Volume 3.9M Open $91.90 High $92.14 Low $91.83 P/E Ratio 47.28 Div Yield 0.72 Market Cap 212.0B
Research Buy News & Reviews Ownership Videos Store CLOSE Delete Read Unread Autoblog Alerts You don't have any subscriptions. Look for the around the site to subscribe to the topics of your choice. Autoblog Alerts Want to get notified as soon as we write about the topics you're interested in? Click here to sign in and then look for the around the site to subscribe to those topics. Autoblog Alerts Thanks for subscribing to Autoblog Alerts! As content is published, we'll send it right to you. If you ever need to make changes, you can manage your alerts by clicking MANAGE below. Fetching your alerts. Please wait... Manage Mark All Read Research Buy News/Reviews Ownership Video Store Our Apps Podcast Help Research Research Hub Models & Styles Car Buying Guides Car Finder Compare Cars Best Deals Dealer Directory Car Loans Research Tools Buy Buy Hub Cars for Sale Car Buying Programs Calculators Certified Pre-Owned Book Values Rebates & Incentives News/Reviews News/Reviews Hub Autoblog Reviews Owner Reviews Auto Shows Photos Racing Calendar News by Make News by Category Press Releases News Archive Ownership Ownership Hub Recalls Safety Repair & Maintenance Repair Shops Gas Prices Sell Your Vehicle Insurance Insurance Quotes Video Videos Hub Translogic The List Car Club USA Autoblog Details Autoblog Wrenched Short Cuts Autoblog Minute Store Store Front Car Care Oils & Fluids Performance Tools More Parts & Accessories Our Apps Autoblog 360 Autoblog Mobile Autoblog Apple TV Autoblog VR Podcast On iTunes Archives Help Sitemap About Us Widgets Tip Us Feedback Licensing About Ads Advertise With Us Trademarks Watch golfball-size hail smash windshields to smithereens The next Need For Speed will feature dirt racing and daylight Mercedes-AMG looks to be testing an even hotter E63 wagon Bystanders lift SUV to save little girl pinned underneath MotoGP to add all-electric support class as early as 2019 Waze navigation lets you follow the sound of your own voice + Specs & Reviews Cars for Sale Specs & Reviews Select a Make Select a Model Go Specs & Reviews Cars For Sale Select a Make Select a Model Go or Select a Style Convertible Coupe Crossover Hatchback Hybrid Luxury Minivan Sedan SUV Performance Truck Van Wagon New Used Certified Pre-Owned CPO Select a Make Select a Model Go Specs / Reviews For Sale This page is for personal, non-commercial use. You may order presentation ready copies to distribute to your colleagues, customers, or clients, by visiting http://www.autobloglicensing.com Green Green May 8th 2017 at 6:50PM Subscribe Tesla now gathers, shares video data from its vehicles Tesla asks permission to collect Autopilot video to make autonomous driving safer. facebook twitter google+ email reddit linkedin pinterest License License John Beltz Snyder Perhaps one of the most important keys to developing robust, safe, and effective autonomous vehicles isn't something tangible, or even something humans can build. It's not a particular car, or advanced sensor suite, or even the software that controls the hardware. The most important ingredient just might be data. Lots and lots, and then even more data. That's one reason why the deal between Mobileye ­– the autonomous driving system company with which Tesla famously parted ways – and Intel was worth so much. Now, with Tesla's most recent update, it wants to collect more data, in the form of video, from customers' cars to improve its autonomous driving capabilities, as Electrek points out. Tesla's most recent software update improved a number of Autopilot features for cars equipped with second-generation hardware. Autopilot brings back most of the capabilities the company had when it was still powered by Mobileye, with Autosteer working at speeds of up to 90 miles per hour on the highway (up from 80 mph), and up to five mph greater than the speed limit off the highway (up from 35 mph). It also does more to brake or steer to avoid an accident. After the download, though, customers were asked to approve a data sharing policy that includes gathering video from the car's exterior cameras. In the message that appeared in cars, Tesla says that to improve autonomous features, "we need to collect short video clips using the car's external cameras to learn how to recognize things like lane lines, street signs, and traffic light positions. The more fleet learning of road conditions we are able to do, the better your Tesla's self-driving ability will become." Tesla also asks for permission to share this data with its partners. And it's true. While companies do their own self-driving testing to gather as much data as they can, when you use your own customers' cars as test vehicles, the opportunity – and the responsibility – to make them as safe as possible by gathering and applying as much data as possible is huge. Tesla assures customers, though, that it will protect their privacy. "We want to be super clear that these short video clips are not linked to your vehicle identification number. In order to protect your privacy, we have ensured that there is no way to search our system for clips that are associated with a specific car." It also says that customers can change their minds at any time. That doesn't mean, though, that some enterprising hacker like Jason Hughes can't grab video directly from vehicles at the salvage lot. But then again, if the data helps improve Autopilot, it could help keep those cars safely on the road and out of the junkyard. Related Video: News Source: Electrek Create alerts for any tag below Subscribe Green Tesla Green Automakers Emerging Technologies Technology Autonomous Electric autopilot data privacy self-driving car facebook twitter google+ email reddit linkedin pinterest License License Tesla Information New Models Reviews News Recalls For Sale Values Dealers Photos Videos Company News More Info Sign In Edit Display Name  |   Sign Out Trending Great used cars for less than $10,000 Owners say these cars aren't very good deals New Car Buying Guides Cheapest new automobiles in America Fastest-depreciating cars in the United States Find and compare 2017 Models Owners say these cars aren't very good deals New Car Buying Guides Cheapest new automobiles in America Fastest-depreciating cars in the United States Find and compare 2017 Models Follow Us Tech News Waze navigation lets you follow the sound of your own voice Gesture controls must die The first EV showcase opens in Oregon View more From Our Partners You May Like Links by Zergnet Shop Books Tesla Model S - Best Car Ever! Build Your Own Electric Vehicle, Third Edition The Great Race: The Global Quest for the Car of the Future Insane Mode: How Elon Musk's Tesla Sparked an Electric Revolution to End the Age of Oil Movies Merchandise Parts & Accessories Books Parts & Accessories Tesla's 3-Socket Cigarette Lighter Splitter 12V/24V 120W Car Power Adapter DC Outlet Splitter wit... Tesla Wheel Decal (Carbon Fiber) Tesla Keychain & Keyring - Red Wave Tesla Motors Cable Organizer Movies Merchandise Parts & Accessories Books Shop Merchandise Tesla's 3-Socket Cigarette Lighter Splitter 12V/24V 120W Car Power Adapter DC Outlet Splitter wit... Tesla Shades--Retractable Shades Type A (Two Shades, 22 Inches Wide, Fit Rear Side Windows with S... Tesla Keychain & Keyring - Black Teardrop Tesla Keychain & Keyring - Silver Wave Movies Merchandise Parts & Accessories Books Shop Movies Auto Mundial 04/03/16 Movies Merchandise Parts & Accessories Books Videos Off-Roading Juggernaut Bike | Autoblog MinuteWatch Video New Video Of FF 91 | Autoblog MinuteWatch Video Award Winning Audi Cetus Concept | Autoblog MinuteWatch Video Watch golfball-size hail smash windshields to smithereensWatch Video Mercedes-AMG looks to be testing an even hotter E63 wagonWatch Video Wake Crane Project From Red Bull | Autoblog MinuteWatch Video Cops stop van stuffed with 40 construction workersWatch Video Buy my Vitara, special-effects pro says in greatest commercial Suzuki never madeWatch Video 2,700-horsepower Nissan GT-R shows the limits of a dynoWatch Video Watch Cal Crutchlow get stung by a wasp on a MotoGP bike ahead of the Jerez Grand PrixWatch Video × Add New Alerts Signed in as  | Sign Out Select one or more topics to subscribe to: Green Green Tesla Tesla Green Automakers Green Automakers Emerging Technologies Emerging Technologies Technology Technology Autonomous Autonomous Electric Electric autopilot autopilot data data privacy privacy self-driving car self-driving car Select one or more of the following methods to receive alerts: Email Instant Daily Weekly This email address will be used for all of your alerts. On Site Text This phone number will be used for all of your alerts. Msg&Data rates may apply. Manage Clear × Add New Alerts Signed in as  | Sign Out Thanks! Your alerts preferences have been saved. Manage Close × Add New Alerts Signed in as  | Sign Out Verify Phone Number You must verify your phone number in order to begin receiving text alerts. We will send a verification code shortly to your phone via text. Enter it below and click "Verify". Didn't receive a code? Resend it Verify Cancel Help Sitemap About Us Widgets Contact Tip Us Feedback Licensing Our Apps Autoblog 360 Autoblog iPhone Autoblog Apple TV Autoblog VR Podcasts On iTunes Archives Advertising About Ads Advertise With Us Legal Terms of Service Privacy Policy Trademarks Autoblog Transmission TOS © Copyright 2017 AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved × Login Please login using one of the following services: × Choose a Display Name Please enter a display name Cancel Change Name Share This Photo X Facebook Twitter Google+ Email Reddit Linkedin Pinterest X Login Please select an option before voting. Okay
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Quantum3D to Provide Visual Solution for Newest Turkish Military Helicopter Simulator News provided by Quantum3D, Inc. 09 May, 2017, 05:01 BST Share this article Quantum3D's IDX 8000 Image Generator to Play Key Role in Development of Entirely New Light-Duty T-625 "Ozgun" Helicopter Prototype MILPITAS, California, May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Quantum3D, Inc., a leading provider of training and simulation solutions for government and commercial applications, today announced that it has been selected to provide Image Generation technology as part of the first flight simulator being delivered to Turkish Aerospace Industries (TAI) in support of its new T-625 helicopter design. The simulator will feature Quantum3D's Independence® IDX 8000 Series Image Generator (IG), which is Quantum3D's most powerful IG solution featuring its award-winning MANTIS® scene generation software on a robust PC-based hardware platform. Initially named "Ozgun" (Turkish for "original", or "indigenous"), the T-625 is part of a program initiated in 2014 to replace the Turkish Armed Forces' aging fleet of Bell Helicopter UH-1H Hueys. This simulator is to support the first prototype airframe, currently under development, with volume production anticipated to begin in late 2018. The entire visual system (including displays) for the simulator is being integrated under contract with HAVELSAN, a prominent global software and systems provider based in Ankara, Turkey. "Helicopter simulation is one of the most demanding applications from a visual system perspective," said Brian Overy, Quantum3D's Vice President of Business Development and Sales. "We are excited to be a part of this program with TAI, and this only adds to the momentum of success we've been seeing recently as the emerging visual platform of choice in the rotary-wing segment." Quantum3D's new IDX 8000 image generator is built on the latest in visual computing technology, including Intel's latest Xeon CPUs and NVIDIA's Quadro P-series GPUs for the best performance, maximum reliability, and the highest levels of scene quality and realism available today. The IDX 8000 includes MANTIS® - Quantum3D's advanced software for real-time visual simulation.  Based on modern GPU shader programming and with its vast array of plug-ins for special effects, MANTIS is well suited to exploit the new levels of hardware power within the IDX 8000. And when packaged with Quantum3D's GeoScapeSE® World-Wide Database, IDX 8000 provides an out-of-the-box solution that's ready to fly to thousands of airports, cities, and other destinations around the globe. About Quantum3D Quantum3D, Inc. is a leading developer and provider of simulation and training products as well as the technology that drives them. Quantum3D delivers key components for use in a wide range of training markets — flight simulation; land and other vehicle training; synthetic environments and construction tools; sensor simulation; maintenance training, and a variety of augmented-reality applications. Quantum3D is headquartered in Milpitas, California. Together with its sister company Quantum3D Government Systems, both are members of Quantum3D Group, a Delaware corporation which is in turn wholly owned by HAVELSAN, a major global software and systems provider based in Ankara, Turkey. For more information about Quantum3D and its products, please visit www.quantum3d.com. About HAVELSAN HAVELSAN is a global systems and software company serving the information and defense market around the world. HAVELSAN specializes in the fields of Command Control and Combat Systems, Cyber Security and Information Technologies, Management Information Systems, and Simulation, Training and Test Systems. Focusing on analysis, design, development and integration of large systems with its expertise, capabilities, synergy, and team spirit, HAVELSAN has embraced a systematic approach to address the ever increasing client demands for large-scale solutions. HAVELSAN is headquartered in Ankara, Turkey and has offices worldwide. Please visit www.havelsan.com for detailed information about HAVELSAN. Quantum3D, the Quantum3D logo, Independence, and MANTIS are registered trademarks of Quantum3D. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/509143/Quantum_3D_Logo.jpg SOURCE Quantum3D, Inc. Related Links http://www.quantum3d.com My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Quantum3D to Provide Visual Solution for Newest Turkish Military Helicopter Simulator News provided by Quantum3D, Inc. 09 May, 2017, 05:01 BST Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Sponsored StoryPlus Sponsored Features Cars CarsIreland.ie Used Car Search Car Dealers CarsIreland.ie Blog Jobs Jobs Dating TheMeetingPoint.ie Mature Gay Deaths iNotices.ie Deaths Fitlive.ie Fitlive.ie Events Training Hotels Archive Deals Subscribe Digital Edition Home Delivery Newsletters Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts Crime World News Europe Britain North America President Trump Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos Opinion Letters Columnists Charlie Weston Colette Browne Dan O'Brien David McWilliams Fionnan Sheahan Gene Kerrigan Ian O'Doherty Ivan Yates Martina Devlin Sarah Carey David Quinn Billy Keane Mary Kenny Declan Lynch Brendan O'Connor Sinead Kissane Editorial Comment Business Brexit Irish Media & Marketing Budget 2017 Rich List World Technology Dublin Datasec 2017 Tech & Gaming Reviews Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions Switching Saturday How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories FarmIreland Jobs Commercial Property In The Workplace Sport Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Six Nations The Left Wing Champions Cup Guinness PRO12 Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Punchestown Horse Racing Punchestown Other Sports Greyhounds MMA LeftField The Left Wing Life Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Baby Loss Home & Garden New Homes Homes Interiors Gardens Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk Vhi WMM Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Reader Travel Awards Ireland Europe World/USA Family Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Northern Ireland Video Podcasts Search Go Follow Facebook Twitter Contact Email User Business Irish Wednesday 10 May 2017 Former Irish Army officer Gammell in command at Etihad Ray Gammell and Ricky Thirion Donal O'Donovan Twitter Email May 9 2017 2:30 AM 0 Comments Former Irish Army officer Gammell in command at Etihad Independent.ie Former Irish Army officer Ray Gammell has been appointed interim CEO of Abu Dhabi's Etihad Airways - one of the most senior jobs in the sector worldwide. http://www.independent.ie/business/irish/former-irish-army-officer-gammell-in-command-at-etihad-35693797.html http://www.independent.ie/incoming/article35692275.ece/b5869/AUTOCROP/h342/Ray%20and%20Ricky.jpg Email Former Irish Army officer Ray Gammell has been appointed interim CEO of Abu Dhabi's Etihad Airways - one of the most senior jobs in the sector worldwide. He'll take over immediately from Australian James Hogan, current president and group CEO who will leave the company on July 1 following a handover period. Mr Gammell was previously Etihad's chief people and performance officer, a job he took up in 2009 having served as RBS's head of HR for Europe and the Middle East. At Etihad he has been responsible for a workforce drawn from 154 nationalities, including driving a so-called Emiratisation strategy to boost the total Emirati workforce of more than 3,000 at Etihad Aviation Group. The former Army officer held executive positions at Intel in the US and Ireland, as well as at RBS before joining the airline. He is a chartered fellow at the Chartered Institute of Personnel Development and holds a Masters Degree from University College Dublin. He joins a growing roster of Irish executives in senior airline posts around the world, including Willie Walsh at IAG and Michael O'Leary at Ryanair, as well as Alan Joyce, who heads up Qantas, and Malaysia Airlines CEO Peter Bellew. Etihad also announced that Ricky Thirion will become interim group financial officer, replacing chief financial officer James Rigney who also leaves in July. The company had previously announced in January that the two Australians were leaving some time in the second half of the year. The temporary replacements come less than a week after Italy's Alitalia, 49pc owned by Etihad, filed for special administration for the second time in less than a decade after workers rejected its latest rescue plan. Alitalia was one of Etihad's key investments as it raced to catch up with fast-growing rivals Emirates and Qatar Airways by buying into several foreign carriers, including the Italian carrier and Air Berlin. However, the Abu Dhabi-owned airline said last week it was not willing to invest further in Alitalia. As interim CEO, Mr Gammell is to continue with a strategic review begun last year though a permanent group CEO is expected to be announced in the "next few weeks", chairman Mohamed Mubarak Fadhel al-Mazrouei said in a statement. Gulf airlines have seen growth slow over the past two years against a more challenging economic backdrop - including lower oil prices squeezing spending in the region - while East to West traffic diminished after a wave of militant attacks in Europe and Turkey. (Additional reporting Reuters) Irish Independent Follow @Indobusiness Back treatment boost for Mainstay Medical  Ellie Donnelly Dublin-based Mainstay Medical has successfully implanted a new device for treating chronic lower back pain for the first time in Ireland. Kerry CEO McCarthy to join Ryanair board  John Mulligan Outgoing Kerry Group CEO Stan McCarthy is to join the board of Ryanair. IFG to appeal UK unit's biofuel scheme tax fine  Donal O'Donovan IFG's UK pensions unit James Hay is facing a £1.8m (€2.1) tax fine from British authorities, over investments made in an unregulated biofuel scheme. Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Finance Ireland property arm now lending €10m a month  Irish Pamela Scott chain shrugs off losses  Irish €200m U-turn by Eli Lilly to create hundreds of jobs  Irish Forecourt firms end legal fight over service stations  Irish Kerry CEO McCarthy to join Ryanair board  Irish Stephen Fry blasphemy probe dropped after gardaí fail to find 'substantial number...  Irish News It's official! Ireland's best restaurants have been named  Food News Trump fires FBI director James Comey  President Trump "I'd love to be able to say 'I have M E' and have people nod in sympathy"  Health Features WATCH: Wild Atlantic Way gets its first TV ad - see it here first!  Travel TV 'It's an episode of Fr Ted' - left wing TDs snub Dail prayer Pay commission recommends public servants should make higher pension contributions Everyone noticed the same issue with RTE documentary The Undocumented Paris security scare as police evacuate passengers from railway station Promoted articles Also in Business Back treatment boost for Mainstay Medical Dublin-based Mainstay Medical has successfully implanted a new device for treating... Kerry CEO McCarthy to join Ryanair board Outgoing Kerry Group CEO Stan McCarthy is to join the board of Ryanair. IFG to appeal UK unit's biofuel scheme tax fine IFG's UK pensions unit James Hay is facing a £1.8m (€2.1) tax fine from British authorities,... Finance Ireland property arm now lending €10m a month FInanCe Ireland, the State's biggest non-bank lender aims to carve out a larger niche in the... Pamela Scott chain shrugs off losses THE founder of homegrown ladies fashion brand, Pamela Scott, ploughed a further... Permanent TSB to show higher lending Permanent TSB is expected to show a small increase in its share of the mortgage... Shareholders back Grafton board pay plan Shareholders in Grafton Group have overwhelmingly endorsed the company's pay and... Finance firms 'keeping Irish Brexit moves under wraps' Financial services companies have chosen Ireland as their post-Brexit location of choice, but... What it says in the papers – business pages Here's a look at what it says in the business papers of today's newspapers: Former Irish Army officer Gammell in command at Etihad Former Irish Army officer Ray Gammell has been... VIDEO: Balmoral Show Echo the heifer becomes unlikely moo-vie star A Co Down heifer has become an unlikely social... VIDEO: Balmoral set to pull in a record 100,000 visitors Visitor numbers at the Balmoral Show are expected to crack the 100,000 mark... VIDEO - EU negotiator Michel Barnier: Initial Brexit focus will be on Ireland, the... Michel Barnier speaks at the European... WATCH: Our novice 'beautician' tries the beauty product Irish women are waxing lyrical about VIDEO: Former Coca Cola CEO shares his motto for success Co Down millionaire Neville Isdell may have left the country for Zambia when he... VIDEO: How a former Coca-Cola chief revamped a 'failed shopping centre' in heart... A shopping centre in the heart of Dublin's... VIDEO: Peggy Johnson Executive Vice President Microsoft Peggy Johnson Executive Vice President... How to achieve season-long worm control VIDEO: Ireland's favourite news app Take a look at what makes the Independent.ie news app Ireland's favourite. WATCH: Burger King ad backfires after asking Google what's in a Whopper The fast-food chain released a 15-second advert in... In Pictures: Dublin Data Sec 2017 Press Photographer Association of Ireland (PPAI) awards - winning pictures Press Photographer of the Year 2017 Gerry Mooney - A Portfolio In pictures: Shakira and Forest Whitaker attend annual World Economic Forum (WEF) From magic mirrors to kissing robots - the best from the world's biggest tech show Gallery: Around rural Ireland this week in 11 pictures In Pictures: Ministers on Budget Day Instagram's most popular accounts - in pictures Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 goes up in flames during lab test in terrifying new pictures Ploughing Championship 2016 By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Irish News World News Opinion Weather News Topics Business Irish World Technology Personal Finance Small Business FarmIreland Commercial Property Media & Marketing Sport Soccer GAA Rugby Golf Horse Racing Greyhounds Other Sports LeftField Life Food & Drink Travel Motoring Health & Wellbeing Family Home & Garden Style Celebrity Fashion Beauty Sex & Relationships Weddings LookBook Competitions Entertainment Movies Television Music Games Radio Books Theatre & Arts Festivals Trending Coffee Break Follow Facebook Twitter Contact Email User Search Go Mobile site Sitemap Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Statement Advertise with Us Group Websites © Independent.ie Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts Crime World News Europe Britain North America President Trump Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos Opinion Letters Columnists Charlie Weston Colette Browne Dan O'Brien David McWilliams Fionnan Sheahan Gene Kerrigan Ian O'Doherty Ivan Yates Martina Devlin Sarah Carey David Quinn Billy Keane Mary Kenny Declan Lynch Brendan O'Connor Sinead Kissane Editorial Comment Business Brexit Irish Media & Marketing Budget 2017 Rich List World Technology Dublin Datasec 2017 Tech & Gaming Reviews Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions Switching Saturday How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories FarmIreland Jobs Commercial Property In The Workplace Sport Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Six Nations The Left Wing Champions Cup Guinness PRO12 Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Punchestown Horse Racing Punchestown Other Sports Greyhounds MMA LeftField The Left Wing Life Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Baby Loss Home & Garden New Homes Homes Interiors Gardens Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk Vhi WMM Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Reader Travel Awards Ireland Europe World/USA Family Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Northern Ireland Video Podcasts Search Go
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds 70° Full Menu 70° Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps Newsletters The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Classifieds Classified Ads Shopping About Us Business May 08, 2017 8:54 PM Arizona lawmakers consider tax credits at end of session By BOB CHRISTIE Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story PHOENIX Arizona lawmakers are closing in on the end of the legislative session with a focus on tax credit proposals for big and small businesses and a variety of other left-over priorities. There are at least four measures being pushed by Republicans who champion the tax incentives as a way to spur new business growth. It's unclear which of the bills will make it to the finish line, and time is short because legislative leaders say adjournment could come as early as Tuesday or Wednesday. The House on Monday delayed debate on one measure that would extend to 2025 a job-creation tax credit for big companies that was set to expire this year. Senate Bill 1416 also includes new lower property taxes for Intel and other manufacturers in special trade zones that already pay an ultra-low tax rate on new equipment. The measure also would extend a research and development credit that was due to be reduced next year. The bill sponsor, Rep. Jeff Weninger of Chandler, is working on a series of amendments to try to garner more support for the measure. The Senate voted 21-7 Monday in favor of proposal that calls for boosting by $10 million an existing program in which so-called "angel investors" can benefit from tax credits for backing small businesses. The measure now goes back to the House for consideration. Sponsor Sen. Karen Fann said the program has already boosted economic activity. "I do believe that this has generated not only additional dollars but it also enhanced any money that would have been invested to begin with," Fann said. A third proposal in House Bill 1292 would increase eligibility for a job-creation fund to very small businesses. The most contentious bill, Senate Bill 1212, creates a tax credit for investment in rural communities. The proposal would allow out-of-state companies who generate $50 million in investment capital to get $30 million in tax credits, which they would sell, mainly to insurance companies, to generate cash to repay investors. The proposal from Rep. T.J. Shope has been stalled but could be revived in the final days of the session. The Arizona Free Enterprise Club opposes Shope's bill, saying the state should avoid adopting a complex scheme that lets the funding company profit for questionable results. The final days of the session are often marked by fits and starts as lawmakers and Republican leaders try to revive legislation that earlier fell by the wayside, so predicting an ending date is virtually impossible. In early action Monday, the Senate joined the House is approving legislation increasing the mileage rate lawmakers receive for driving to the Capitol. The vote sends the measure to Gov. Doug Ducey for his consideration. Republican and Democratic leaders in both chambers signed on in support of the proposal. House Speaker J.D. Mesnard said lawmakers who travel long distances need an increase from the state rate of 44½ cents per mile to the federal rate of 53½ cents a mile. He cites low lawmaker pay of $24,000 a year and the costs for rural members who often must drive hours to Phoenix. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 6 months ago Myrtle Beach International Airport upgrades radar technology 0:41 6 months ago Myrtle Beach International Airport upgrades radar technology 3:12 a year ago What is National Small Business Week? 6:41 a year ago Amid allegations, Founders Group president talks View More Video Business City considers storing anti-overdose drug in public boxes The Latest: Trump assails Sen. Schumer for remarks on Comey Senate Democrats advance pot tax competing with governor's Far fewer refugees entering US despite travel ban setbacks Zhang Yimou says 'Great Wall' story may have been too weak Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting VRtually There More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost VRtually There Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 22 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Trump to meet top Russian diplomat at the White House Trump's meeting with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov marks the highest level, face-to-face contact with Russia in his young presidency. Post to Facebook Trump to meet top Russian diplomat at the White House Trump's meeting with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov marks the highest level, face-to-face contact with Russia in his young presidency.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: https://usat.ly/2puIjcI {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 2 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Trump to meet top Russian diplomat at the White House Julie Pace and Vivian Salama, The Associated Press 1:44 a.m. ET May 10, 2017 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share The White House reports Comey's dismissal comes after he was found in the middle of several political controversies like Russia's possible election interference and Hillary Clinton's handling of classified e-mails. USA TODAY President Trump is pictured walking on the South Lawn of the White House. (Photo: Ron Sachs, Getty Images) 22 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE WASHINGTON - President Trump will meet Wednesday with Vladimir Putin’s top diplomat at the White House on Wednesday, the White House said, marking the highest level, face-to-face contact with Russia of the American leader’s young presidency. It would also signal that the two countries have improved ties that Trump recently described as being at an “all-time low.” Trump’s talks with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov will take place after the Russian’s meetings earlier in the day with secretary of State Rex Tillerson. A Russian plan to stabilize Syria after more than six years of civil war is the most urgent foreign policy topic on the agenda. But the meeting will be impossible to separate from the Trump administration’s unfolding political drama in Washington, where FBI and congressional investigations are looking into possible collusion between Trump campaign associates and the Kremlin related to last year’s presidential election. U.S. intelligence agencies accuse Moscow of meddling to help Trump’s chances of victory. The sigma of the Russia probes has been impossible for Trump to shake. Trump on Tuesday abruptly fired FBI Director James Comey, dramatically ousting the nation’s top law enforcement official in the midst of the bureau’s investigation into Trump’s ties with Russia. Read more: James Comey is one of several officials President Trump fired Analysis: James Comey's firing won't end election controversy over Russia Full text of Trump's letter telling Comey he's fired How did we get here? A timeline of James Comey's FBI controversies 5 key points in memo calling for FBI Director James Comey's firing Clinton officials respond to Comey firing with suspicion, not satisfaction Less than a month into Trump’s presidency, he fired his national security adviser, Michael Flynn, saying Flynn misled senior administration officials about his pre-inauguration talks with Sergey Kislyak, Russia’s ambassador in Washington. In a Senate hearing Monday, former acting Attorney General Sally Yates said she bluntly warned Trump’s White House in January that Flynn “essentially could be blackmailed” by the Russians because he apparently had lied to his bosses about his contacts with Kislyak. Trump has said he has no ties to Russia and isn’t aware of any involvement by his aides in any Russian election interference. He calls the various investigations a “hoax” driven by Democrats still bitter that their candidate, Hillary Clinton, was defeated last year. But in the meantime, his hopes for a possible rapprochement with Moscow, so regularly repeated during the campaign, have been derailed. Ties soured further in April after the U.S. blamed a Russian ally, Syrian President Bashar Assad, for a deadly chemical weapons attack on civilians and Trump fired some 60 cruise missiles at a Syrian air base in response. After Tillerson visited Putin and Lavrov in Moscow on April 12, Trump said flatly, “Right now we’re not getting along with Russia at all.” Still, Tillerson’s meeting provided a blueprint for how the former Cold War foes might go about improving ties. A main focus is Syria, where both governments want to end a civil war that has killed up to 400,000 people, contributed to a global refugee crisis and allowed the Islamic State group to emerge as a global terror threat. The continued fighting between rebels and Assad’s military has complicated U.S. efforts to defeat IS. Lavrov will be coming to the American capital with a Russian plan to end the violence, after hashing out an agreement with Iran and Turkey last week. It focuses on the creation of four de-escalation zones. Critical details still need to be finalized and the U.S. response has been cautious, with top officials such as Defense Secretary Jim Mattis saying they’re still studying the concept and its various unanswered questions. The would-be safe zones would not cover areas where the U.S.-led coalition is fighting IS. Despite the lack of clarity, the possibility of a meeting between Trump and Lavrov would in itself be a sign of some progress. The Russian diplomat hasn’t visited Washington at all since 2013, a year before Russia’s annexation of Ukraine’s Crimea region and two years before it intervened militarily in Syria to help Assad remain in power. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn The Trump presidency: A new era in Washington  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. President Trump, Speaker Paul Ryan and other congressional Republicans celebrate in the Rose Garden of the White House following the House vote to repeal Obamacare on May 4, 2017.  Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump pauses as he speaks at the Pennsylvania Farm Show Complex and Expo Center in Harrisburg, Pa., on April, 29, 2017.  Carolyn Kaster, AP Fullscreen President Trump speaks during the National Rifle Association-ILA Leadership Forum on April 28, 2017, in Atlanta.  Mike Stewart, AP Fullscreen Secretary of the Interior Ryan Zinke listens while Trump speaks before signing an executive order to review the Antiquities Act at the Department of the Interior on April 26, 2017.  Brendan Smialowski, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump prepares to award a Purple Heart to U.S. Army Sgt. 1st Class Alvaro Barrientos, with first lady Melania Trump, right, and Tammy Barrientos, second from right, at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center on April 22, 2017, in Bethesda, Md.  Alex Brandon, AP Fullscreen Trump waves as he and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin walk from the White House to the U.S. Treasury Department on April 21, 2017.  Jim Watson, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen President Trump greets Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni as he arrives at the West Wing of the White House on April 20, 2017.  Andrew Harnik, AP Fullscreen New England Patriots head coach Bill Belichick, President Trump, Patriots owner Robert Kraft and Patriots President Jonathan Kraft stand with Patriots players as Trump holds a team helmet at a ceremony honoring the Patriots as Super Bowl champions on the South Lawn at the White House on April 19, 2017.  Geoff Burke, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Trump joins attendees at the Easter Egg Roll to write notes to servicemembers on the South Lawn of the White House on April 17, 2017.  Brendan Smialowski, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump steps off Air Force One as he arrives at Palm Beach International Airport on April 13, 2017.  Richard Graulich, AP Fullscreen Trump speaks during a news conference with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg in the East Room of the White House on April 12, 2017.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump speaks in the Rose Garden of the White House on April 10, 2017, at the swearing-in ceremony for Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump pumps his fist as he and Chinese President Xi Jinping walk together at the Mar-a-Lago estate in West Palm Beach, Fla., on April 7, 2017.  Jim Watson, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen President Trump walks to the podium to speak about the missile strike on Syria on April 6, 2017, at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach, Fla.  Alex Brandon, AP Fullscreen Trump speaks during a Wounded Warriors event in the East Room of the White House on April 6, 2017.  Brendan Smialowski, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen President Trump and Jordan's King Abdullah II hold a news conference in the Rose Garden at the White House on April 5, 2017.  Andrew Harnik, AP Fullscreen President Trump speaks about trade as Vice President Pence looks on before signing executive orders in the Oval Office on March 31, 2017.  Olivier Douliery, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen President Trump shakes hands with New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie during an opioid and drug abuse listening session in the Roosevelt Room on March 29, 2017.  Shawn Thew, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen President Trump, flanked by Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price and Vice President Pence, speaks about the health care overhaul bill on March 24, 2017, in the Oval Office.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump gets in the driver's seat of an 18-wheeler while meeting with truck drivers and trucking CEOs on the South Portico prior to their meeting to discuss health care at the White House on March 23, 2017.  Jim Lo Scalzo, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen President Trump speaks during a meeting with Congressional Black Caucus members in the Cabinet Room at the White House on March 22, 2017.  Chip Somodevilla, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump holds a NASA flight jacket presented to him by NASA Astronaut Office Chief Chris Cassidy after signing the NASA Transition Authorization Act of 2017 in the Oval Office on March 21, 2017.  Bill Ingalls, NASA/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump and Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price arrive on Capitol Hill on March 21, 2017, to meet with GOP lawmakers on the Republican health care overhaul.  J. Scott Applewhite, AP Fullscreen Trump speaks to reporters onboard Air Force One before departing from Palm Beach International Airport in West Palm Beach, Fla., on March 19, 2017.  Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump and German Chancellor Angela Merkel walk down the Cross Hall to enter the East Room for a joint press conference at the White House on March 17, 2017.  Michael Reynolds, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump talks with House Speaker Paul Ryan on Capitol Hill on March 16, 2017, during a "Friends of Ireland" luncheon.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump speaks to auto workers at the American Center for Mobility on March 15, 2017, in Ypsilanti, Mich.  Bill Pugliano, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump holds up a note and drawing depicting him that was created by the child of Greg Knox of Ohio during a meeting on health care in the Roosevelt Room on March 13, 2017.  MIchael Reynolds, Pool, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump holds a National Economic Council listening session with the CEOs of community banks in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on March 9, 2017.  Kevin Dietsch, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump is applauded as he arrives in the East Room of the White House on March 7, 2017, for a meeting with the House deputy whip team.  Andrew Harnik, AP Fullscreen Trump gestures as he surprises visitors during the official reopening of public tours at the White House on March 7, 2017.  Jim Watson, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump walks with grandchildren Arabella Kushner and Joseph Kushner, holding a model of Marine One, across the South Lawn of the White House on March 3, 2017, before boarding Marine One helicopter for the short flight to nearby Andrews Air Force Base.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump walks down the stairs of Air Force One during his return to Andrews Air Force Base on March 2, 2017.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump tours the Combat Direction Center on the pre-commissioned USS Gerald R. Ford aircraft carrier in Newport News, Va., on March 2, 2017.  Saul Loeb, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump has lunch with Congressional Republican leaders, including Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan, in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on March 1, 2017.  Erik S. Lesser, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen President Trump speaks before a joint session of Congress on Feb. 28, 2017.  Jack Gruber, USA TODAY Fullscreen Trump holds up an executive order to bolster historically black colleges and universities after signing it in the Oval Office on Feb. 28, 2017.  Jim Watson, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump leads a listening session with health insurance company CEOs in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on Feb. 27, 2017.  Aude Guerrucci, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump makes a toast during a dinner reception for the annual National Governors Association winter meeting on Feb. 26, 2017, in the State Dining Room of the White House.  Manuel Balce Ceneta, AP Fullscreen Trump and Pence arrive for a meeting with manufacturing executives at the White House on Feb. 23, 2017.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin listens at right as Trump speaks during a meeting on the federal budget on Feb. 22, 2017, in the Roosevelt Room of the White House.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump reaches out to shake hands with Army Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Fla., on Feb. 20, 2017, where Trump announced that McMaster will be the new national security adviser.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen The Trumps attend a campaign-style rally on Feb. 18, 2017, in Melbourne, Fla.  Chris O'Meara, AP Fullscreen President Trump walks with his grandchildren Arabella Kushner and Joseph Kushner to Marine One on the South Lawn of the White House on Feb. 17, 2017.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump speaks during a news conference on Feb. 16, 2017, in the East Room of the White House.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu shake hands during a joint news conference in the East Room of the White House on Feb. 15, 2017.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump meets with retail industry leaders in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on Feb. 15, 2017.  Saul Loeb, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump and Education Secretary Betsy DeVos attend a meeting with parents and teachers on Feb. 14, 2017, in the Roosevelt Room of the White House.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump looks on as Steven Mnuchin is sworn in as Treasury secretary on Feb. 13, 2017.  Alex Wong, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump meets with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau in the Oval Office on Feb. 13, 2017.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump walks from Marine One on the South Lawn of the White House as he returns from his weekend trip to Mar-a-Lago on Feb. 12, 2017.  Molly Riley, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe listen to the translator after they both made statements about North Korea at Mar-a-Lago on Feb. 11, 2017.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen President Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, accompanied by their wives, first lady Melania Trump and Akie Abe, wave before boarding Air Force One at Andrews Air Force Base on Feb. 10, 2017.  Jose Luis Magana, AP Fullscreen President Trump speaks to Democratic and Republican senators about Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch in the Roosevelt Room on Feb. 9, 2017.  Pool, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump arrives for a meeting with airline executives on Feb. 9, 2017.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Intel CEO Brian Krzanich speaks during a meeting with Trump on Feb. 8, 2017, where Intel announced an investment of $7 billion to build a factory in Chandler, Ariz., to create advanced semi-conductor chips.  Chris Kleponis, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump holds up a gift given to him by county sheriffs following a meeting as they pose for photos in the Oval Office on Feb. 7, 2017.  Saul Loeb, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen President Trump has lunch with troops during a visit to the U.S. Central Command at MacDill Air Force Base on Feb. 6, 2017, in Tampa, Fla.  Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen The Trumps watch the Super Bowl at a party at Trump International Golf Club in West Palm Beach, Fla., on Feb. 5, 2017.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen The Trumps arrive for the 60th Annual Red Cross Gala at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Fla., on on Feb. 4, 2017.  Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen President Trump walks with first lady Melania Trump on the tarmac after he arrived on Air Force One at the Palm Beach International Airport for a visit to Mar-a-Lago on Feb. 3, 2017.  Joe Raedle, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump waves as he walks from Marine One to board Air Force One at Andrews Air Force Base, Md., on Feb. 3, 2017, en route to Mar-a-Lago for the weekend.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen Trump speaks during the beginning of a policy and strategy forum with business executives in the State Dining Room of the White House on Feb. 3, 2017.  Brendan Smialowski, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus and Vice President Pence look on as Trump speaks briefly to reporters after greeting Harley Davidson executives on the South Lawn of the White House on Feb. 2, 2017.  Drew Angerer, Getty Images Fullscreen Television producer Mark Burnett, left, and Sen. John Boozman, R-Ark., look on as Trump waves upon his arrival for the National Prayer Breakfast on Feb. 2, 2017, in Washington.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump shakes hands with Neil Gorsuch, his Supreme Court nominee, in the East Room of the White House on Jan. 31, 2017.  Michael Reynolds, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen President Trump meets with small-business leaders in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on Jan. 30, 2017.  Jim Lo Scalzo, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen President Trump speaks on the phone with German Chancellor Angela Merkel in the Oval Office on Jan. 28, 2017.  Michael Reynolds, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump shakes hands with Defense Secretary James Mattis during an event at the Pentagon on Jan. 27, 2017. Vice President Pence is at right.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen Trump greets British Prime Minister Theresa May as she arrives at the White House on Jan. 27, 2017.  Shawn Thew, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell watch as President Trump arrives to speak to House and Senate GOP lawmakers at the annual policy retreat in Philadelphia on Jan. 26, 2017.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump boards Air Force One at Andrews Air Force Base in Maryland on Jan. 26, 2017, as he departed to attend a Republican congressional retreat in Philadelphia.  Nicholas Kamm, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump, accompanied by Vice President Mike Pence, gives a thumbs-up on Jan. 25, 2017, at the White House.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump reads from one of the executive orders he signed during a visit to the Department of Homeland Security with Vice President Mike Pence, Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly and other officials in Washington on Jan. 25, 2017.  Chip Somodevilla, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump arrives for meeting with automobile leaders in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on Jan. 24, 2017.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump displays one of five executive actions he signed in the Oval Office on Jan. 24, 2017.  Shawn Thew, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump speaks during a reception for House and Senate leaders in the the State Dining Room of the White House on Jan. 23, 2017.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen Trump signs executive actions in the Oval Office on Jan. 23, 2017.  Saul Loeb, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump meets with business leaders on Jan. 23, 2017, in the Roosevelt Room.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen President Trump holds a letter left for him by former president Barack Obama as Vice President Pence looks on before the swearing-in of the White House senior staff on Jan. 22, 2017.  Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump speaks at the CIA headquarters in Langley, Va., on Jan. 21, 2017.  Andrew Harnik, AP Fullscreen The Trumps arrive for a National Prayer Service at the National Cathedral on Jan. 21, 2017.  Andrew Harnik, AP Fullscreen The Trumps and Pences attend the Freedom Ball on Jan. 20, 2017.  Kevin Dietsch, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump is joined by the congressional leadership and his family as he formally signs his cabinet nominations into law in the Presidents Room of the Senate on Jan. 20, 2017.  J. Scott Applewhite, Pool Photo-USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Trump and Obama arrive for Trump's inauguration luncheon at the Capitol.  J. Scott Applewhite, Pool Fullscreen The Trumps and Obamas stand on the steps of the U.S. Capitol on Jan. 20, 2017.  Rob Carr, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump delivers his inaugural address on Jan. 20, 2017, on the west front of the U.S. Capitol  Porter Binks, USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 87 2 of 87 3 of 87 4 of 87 5 of 87 6 of 87 7 of 87 8 of 87 9 of 87 10 of 87 11 of 87 12 of 87 13 of 87 14 of 87 15 of 87 16 of 87 17 of 87 18 of 87 19 of 87 20 of 87 21 of 87 22 of 87 23 of 87 24 of 87 25 of 87 26 of 87 27 of 87 28 of 87 29 of 87 30 of 87 31 of 87 32 of 87 33 of 87 34 of 87 35 of 87 36 of 87 37 of 87 38 of 87 39 of 87 40 of 87 41 of 87 42 of 87 43 of 87 44 of 87 45 of 87 46 of 87 47 of 87 48 of 87 49 of 87 50 of 87 51 of 87 52 of 87 53 of 87 54 of 87 55 of 87 56 of 87 57 of 87 58 of 87 59 of 87 60 of 87 61 of 87 62 of 87 63 of 87 64 of 87 65 of 87 66 of 87 67 of 87 68 of 87 69 of 87 70 of 87 71 of 87 72 of 87 73 of 87 74 of 87 75 of 87 76 of 87 77 of 87 78 of 87 79 of 87 80 of 87 81 of 87 82 of 87 83 of 87 84 of 87 85 of 87 86 of 87 87 of 87 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide 22 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2puIjcI
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     Encryption Software Market 2017: Industry Research, Review, Growth, Segmentation, Key Players Analysis and Forecast to 2022   View as PDF  Print View    This report covers market characteristics, size and growth, segmentation, regional breakdowns, competitive landscape, market shares, trends and strategies Pune, India - May 10, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ -- Global Encryption Software market is projected to grow at a CAGR of X.XX% during the forecast period. Encryption is an effective security mechanism that provides the security of the data from file to disk to network communications. The major factor driving the global encryption software market is the growing need to safeguard the critical data from the unauthorized access. Growing cases of cyber-attacks to steal the important organizational data is augmenting the demand for encryption software in large enterprises. Owing to increasing adoption of BYOD policy in various enterprises coupled with stringent cyber security regulations and guidelines is further boosting the growth of global encryption software market for secure data transmission. Emerging trend of cloud computing will bolster the growth of cloud-based encryption software and solutions across SMEs and large enterprises in the coming years. BFSI is projected to witness the fastest growth of encryption software market as this sector is considered to be a prime target of hackers owing to the storage of critical financial information of customers. Healthcare sector will also witness a considerable growth due to increase in the amount of stored personal and health-related data in various consumer electronics such as smartphones and wearables. Geographically, North America held the largest market share in 2015 due to the strong presence of key encryption software vendors in the region. However, APAC region is anticipated to witness the fastest regional market growth during the forecast period. This growth is attributed to factors such as increasing number of smartphone and tablet users, rising use of social media, and growing penetration of IoT, cloud services, and BYOD policy across various enterprises in the region. Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1269120-encryption-software-market-forecasts-from-2017-to-2022 Research Methodology The first section of the report deals with detailed research methodology for calculating market size and forecasts, secondary data sources used and the primary inputs which were taken for data validation. This section also outlines various segmentations which have been covered as part of the report. Market Dynamics Next section provides comprehensive market dynamics through an overview section along with growth drivers, challenges, and opportunities which exist in the current market. This section of the report also provides supplier and industry outlook as a whole; key industry and regional regulations which are determining the product specifications and a brief technological aspect of encryption software. Complete industry analysis has also been covered by Porter's five forces model as a part of this report section. Segmentation Thirdly, Encryption Software market has been segmented by mode of deployment as on-premise and cloud. The market has also been segmented by enterprise size as Small, Medium and Large. By application, segmentation has been done as cloud encryption, database encryption, disk encryption, communication encryption, and file/folder encryption. By end-user, segmentation has been done as BFSI, Government, Manufacturing, Communication and Technology, Retail, Healthcare, and others. Geographically, segmentation has been done as Americas, Europe Middle East and Africa, and others. Market Players Finally, competitive intelligence section deals with major players in the market, their market shares, growth strategies, products, financials, and recent investments among others. Key industry participants profiled as part of this section are Intel, SAS Institute, Inc., Cisco Systems, HP, Infineon Technologies, Dell SonicWALL, IBM, Symantec, AT&T, and Microsoft. Access Complete Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1269120-encryption-software-market-forecasts-from-2017-to-2022 Table of Content 1. Introduction 2. Research Methodology 3. Executive Summary 4. Market Dynamics 4.1. Market Overview and Segmentations 4.2. Drivers 4.3. Restraints 4.4. Opportunities 4.5. Supplier Outlook 4.6. Industry Outlook 4.7. Porter's 5 Forces Analysis 4.8. Industry Value Chain Analysis 4.9. Scenario Analysis 5. Encryption Software Market Forecast by Application (US$ billion) 5.1. Cloud Encryption 5.2. Database Encryption 5.3. Disk Encryption 5.4. Communication Encryption 5.5. File/Folder Encryption 6. Encryption Software Market Forecast by Deployment Model (US$ billion) 6.1. On-Premise 6.2. Cloud 7. Encryption Software Market Forecast by Enterprise Size (US$ billion) 7.1. Small 7.2. Medium 7.3. Large 8. Encryption Software Market Forecast by End User (US$ billion) 8.1. BFSI 8.2. Government 8.3. Manufacturing 8.4. Communication and Technology 8.5. Retail 8.6. Healthcare 8.7. Others 9. Encryption Software Market Forecast by Geography (US$ billion) 9.1. Americas 9.1.1. North America 9.1.2. South America 9.2. Europe Middle East and Africa 9.2.1. Europe 9.2.2. MEA 9.3. Asia Pacific 10. Competitive Intelligence 10.1. Market Share of Key Players 10.2. Investment Analysis 10.3. Recent Deals 10.4. Strategies of Key Players 11. Company Profiles 11.1. Intel 11.2. SAS Institute, Inc. 11.3. Cisco Systems 11.4. HP 11.5. Infineon Technologies 11.6. Dell SonicWALL 11.7. IBM 11.8. Symantec 11.9. AT&T 11.10. Microsoft ......Continued Purchase Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1269120 Contact Info: Name: NORAH TRENT Email: sales@wiseguyreports.com Organization: WISE GUY RESEARCH CONSULTANTS PVT LTD Address: Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers, Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar, Pune - 411028 Phone: +1-646-845-9349 (US), +44 208 133 9349 (UK) Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/encryption-software-market-2017-industry-research-review-growth-segmentation-key-players-analysis-and-forecast-to-2022/197798 For more information, please visit http://www.wiseguyreports.com Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 197798 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Craft Brewery Southern Sky Brewing Releases First Pale Ale (Wed 10th May 17) Donna Mizani Offers Chic Feminine Design Collection 100% Made in the USA (Wed 10th May 17) Raj Prem - Releases Plans To Showcase Historic Collection of Beatles Photos in India (Wed 10th May 17) Flight Navigation System Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity and Forecast 2017 to 2022 (Wed 10th May 17) Application Delivery Network (ADN) Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast to 2021 (Wed 10th May 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Encryption Software Market 2017: Industry Research, Review, Growth, Segmentation, Key Players Analysis and Forecast to 2022   View as PDF  Print View    This report covers market characteristics, size and growth, segmentation, regional breakdowns, competitive landscape, market shares, trends and strategies Pune, India – May 10, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ — Global Encryption Software market is projected to grow at a CAGR of X.XX% during the forecast period. Encryption is an effective security mechanism that provides the security of the data from file to disk to network communications. The major factor driving the global encryption software market is the growing need to safeguard the critical data from the unauthorized access. Growing cases of cyber-attacks to steal the important organizational data is augmenting the demand for encryption software in large enterprises. Owing to increasing adoption of BYOD policy in various enterprises coupled with stringent cyber security regulations and guidelines is further boosting the growth of global encryption software market for secure data transmission. Emerging trend of cloud computing will bolster the growth of cloud-based encryption software and solutions across SMEs and large enterprises in the coming years. BFSI is projected to witness the fastest growth of encryption software market as this sector is considered to be a prime target of hackers owing to the storage of critical financial information of customers. Healthcare sector will also witness a considerable growth due to increase in the amount of stored personal and health-related data in various consumer electronics such as smartphones and wearables. Geographically, North America held the largest market share in 2015 due to the strong presence of key encryption software vendors in the region. However, APAC region is anticipated to witness the fastest regional market growth during the forecast period. This growth is attributed to factors such as increasing number of smartphone and tablet users, rising use of social media, and growing penetration of IoT, cloud services, and BYOD policy across various enterprises in the region. Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1269120-encryption-software-market-forecasts-from-2017-to-2022 Research Methodology The first section of the report deals with detailed research methodology for calculating market size and forecasts, secondary data sources used and the primary inputs which were taken for data validation. This section also outlines various segmentations which have been covered as part of the report. Market Dynamics Next section provides comprehensive market dynamics through an overview section along with growth drivers, challenges, and opportunities which exist in the current market. This section of the report also provides supplier and industry outlook as a whole; key industry and regional regulations which are determining the product specifications and a brief technological aspect of encryption software. Complete industry analysis has also been covered by Porter’s five forces model as a part of this report section. Segmentation Thirdly, Encryption Software market has been segmented by mode of deployment as on-premise and cloud. The market has also been segmented by enterprise size as Small, Medium and Large. By application, segmentation has been done as cloud encryption, database encryption, disk encryption, communication encryption, and file/folder encryption. By end-user, segmentation has been done as BFSI, Government, Manufacturing, Communication and Technology, Retail, Healthcare, and others. Geographically, segmentation has been done as Americas, Europe Middle East and Africa, and others. Market Players Finally, competitive intelligence section deals with major players in the market, their market shares, growth strategies, products, financials, and recent investments among others. Key industry participants profiled as part of this section are Intel, SAS Institute, Inc., Cisco Systems, HP, Infineon Technologies, Dell SonicWALL, IBM, Symantec, AT&T, and Microsoft. Access Complete Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1269120-encryption-software-market-forecasts-from-2017-to-2022 Table of Content 1. Introduction 2. Research Methodology 3. Executive Summary 4. Market Dynamics 4.1. Market Overview and Segmentations 4.2. Drivers 4.3. Restraints 4.4. Opportunities 4.5. Supplier Outlook 4.6. Industry Outlook 4.7. Porter’s 5 Forces Analysis 4.8. Industry Value Chain Analysis 4.9. Scenario Analysis 5. Encryption Software Market Forecast by Application (US$ billion) 5.1. Cloud Encryption 5.2. Database Encryption 5.3. Disk Encryption 5.4. Communication Encryption 5.5. File/Folder Encryption 6. Encryption Software Market Forecast by Deployment Model (US$ billion) 6.1. On-Premise 6.2. Cloud 7. Encryption Software Market Forecast by Enterprise Size (US$ billion) 7.1. Small 7.2. Medium 7.3. Large 8. Encryption Software Market Forecast by End User (US$ billion) 8.1. BFSI 8.2. Government 8.3. Manufacturing 8.4. Communication and Technology 8.5. Retail 8.6. Healthcare 8.7. Others 9. Encryption Software Market Forecast by Geography (US$ billion) 9.1. Americas 9.1.1. North America 9.1.2. South America 9.2. Europe Middle East and Africa 9.2.1. Europe 9.2.2. MEA 9.3. Asia Pacific 10. Competitive Intelligence 10.1. Market Share of Key Players 10.2. Investment Analysis 10.3. Recent Deals 10.4. Strategies of Key Players 11. Company Profiles 11.1. Intel 11.2. SAS Institute, Inc. 11.3. Cisco Systems 11.4. HP 11.5. Infineon Technologies 11.6. Dell SonicWALL 11.7. IBM 11.8. Symantec 11.9. AT&T 11.10. Microsoft ……Continued Purchase Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1269120 Contact Info: Name: NORAH TRENT Email: sales@wiseguyreports.com Organization: WISE GUY RESEARCH CONSULTANTS PVT LTD Address: Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers, Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar, Pune – 411028 Phone: +1-646-845-9349 (US), +44 208 133 9349 (UK) Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/encryption-software-market-2017-industry-research-review-growth-segmentation-key-players-analysis-and-forecast-to-2022/197798 For more information, please visit http://www.wiseguyreports.com Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 197798 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Donna Mizani Offers Chic Feminine Design Collection 100% Made in the USA (Wed 10th May 17) Raj Prem – Releases Plans To Showcase Historic Collection of Beatles Photos in India (Wed 10th May 17) Flight Navigation System Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity and Forecast 2017 to 2022 (Wed 10th May 17) Application Delivery Network (ADN) Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast to 2021 (Wed 10th May 17) Anthill shopNplay Introduces Play While You Shop Location (Wed 10th May 17) CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 2017 Global Steel Rebars Sales -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) Therapeutic Nuclear Medicines Market Analytical Overview, Growth Factors, Demand and Trends Forecast Report till 2022 Search Recent Posts LMS for Employee Skills Management: UpsideLMS tells ‘how’ in its latest eBook F-Secure Oyj – Johtohenkilöiden liiketoimet – Matti Heikkonen F-Secure Oyj – Johtohenkilöiden liiketoimet – Risto Siilasmaa F-Secure Corporation – Managers’ Transactions – Bruce Oreck F-Secure Corporation – Managers’ Transactions – Matti Heikkonen RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Digiarty Software Delivered Best Solution to Fix BeachBody Workout DVD Not Playing Issue Chengdu, Sichuan — (SBWIRE) — 05/09/2017 — Digiarty Software, a faithful multimedia software developer, has been working on delivering complete solutions for workout DVD conversion and playback for several years. Finally, it succeeded in earlier this year. And then, it released the most effective way to fix Beachbody DVDs not playing issue so that customers can watch Beachbody workout programs on computer, TV and devices without trouble. With a development of about 20 years, Beachbody team pushes out several popular workout series for fitness and weight-loss, including 21 Day Fix, Insanity, P90X, brand-new PiYo/Cize and more, on DVD and wins a large number of customers. On the other hand, many posts about „Beachbody DVD won’t play correctly” are often found on message boards. Suggestions from experienced users are proved to be valid, for example using a new DVD player, changing DVD drive or installing competent DVD player software for PC/Mac. As for 21 Day Fix DVD not playing problem, it is probably fixed by playing twice. Beachbody team also launches a replacement plan allowing customers to require a new DVD instead of former defective or damage disc. But, some feedbacks still say that the DVD may stop working several months later, or just works on TV, computer, game consoles occasionally after trying all above tips. To fix Beachbody workout DVD not playing problem permanently, Digiarty Software Development Team recommends ripping Beachbody DVD to digital file for flawless playback and long-time preservation. WinX DVD Ripper Platinum, the featured DVD ripping software developed by Digiarty, is endowed with the ability to convert Beachbody and other workout DVDs to MP4, AVI, WMV, MOV, FLV, 3GP etc, for PC/Mac web as well as ripping DVD to Xbox, PS3/4, iPhone, iPad, Android/Windows devices for flexible playback. Thanks to Super Encode Engine, Hyper-threading tech and support of hardware encoders (Intel QSV, Nvidia NVENC), it delivers an extremely fast speed, up to 5 minutes for ripping a DVD. Pricing and Availability Every user who takes part in Digiarty’s Spring Holiday special offer will enjoy 50% discount on WinX DVD Ripper Platinum. They pay $29.95 only for this DVD ripping software (originally priced at $59.95) to perform Beachbody workout DVD ripping. Learn more details at: https://www.winxdvd.com/specialoffer/ About Digiarty Software With over 10 years of experience in the industry, Digiarty is now a leader in personal and home-use video audio applications based on Windows and macOS. It provides fast and easy-to-use DVD ripper/copier/creator, H.265 video converter, online video downloader, media player, iPhone file manager, video audio streaming app, etc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Brionor Closes the Atala Acquisition and 1st Tranche of Financing Next PostNext Euroseas Sets Date for the Release of First Quarter 2017 Results, Conference Call and Webcast Search Recent Posts NZ guest nights dropped in March Using Mobile Tech to Fight Homelessness Dr. Theodore Suh selected as Top Medical Director of the Year for 2017 by the International Association of Top Professionals (IAOTP). Bert Fields named “Top Entertainment Attorney of the Year” for 2017 by the International Association of Top Professionals (IAOTP). Knoxville Bail Bonds Company Expands Into Multiple Counties RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Continue to site >> Action Alerts PLUS Access AAP Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Real Money Access RM 25 Rules of Investing Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Cramer Mad Money ETFs Futures Markets Much More Banks Biotech Retail Tech Personal Finance Retirement Financial Advisor Center How to Spend Options Fixed Income Video DJIA NASDAQ S&P 500 Market Data updated Sign In Your Membership(s) Your Account Account Preferences Alerts Newsetters Subscribe Logout Subscribe Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you. Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Income Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club Compare All Nvidia's Gaming and Server Businesses Are Still Defying Predictions of a Big Slowdown Eric Jhonsa May 9, 2017 8:06 PM EDT In some respects, it's hard to fault those analysts that became cautious on Nvidia (NVDA) in recent months. The GPU giant's shares went into earnings trading at 31 times a pre-earnings fiscal 2019 (ends in January 2019) consensus of $3.32, and there were signs of a PC graphics card inventory build following several months of very strong sales. Considering how some past Nvidia revenue surges have been followed by sharp pullbacks, those suggesting that investors take profits didn't sound too irrational. Nonetheless, Nvidia's fiscal first quarter (April quarter) emphatically put to rest worries about a major growth slowdown, at least for the near-term. Amid fears of toughening competition, the company's two big growth engines are still chugging along without a hiccup. Nvidia reported Q1 revenue of $1.94 billion (up 48% annually) and adjusted EPS of $0.85 (up 85%), beating consensus analyst estimates of $1.91 billion and $0.67. And it guided for fiscal Q2 revenue of $1.95 billion, plus or minus 2%. That implies 37% growth at the midpoint -- 43% excluding the loss of $66 million in quarterly IP licensing revenue, due to the March expiration of an Intel (INTC) licensing deal -- and is above a $1.9 billion consensus. On Tuesday evening shares were up 10.5% to $113.76 in after-hours trading. They're within $5 of a high of $120.92, set in February. The most eye-popping figure in Nvidia's CFO commentary: Datacenter revenue, which covers Tesla server GPUs and GRID GPUs for cloud gaming and server-hosted PCs, rose 186% to $409 million. That blew away a $319 million consensus, with growth nearly matching fiscal Q4's 205% clip. Prev 0 of 2 Next If you liked this article you might like Jim Cramer -- Nvidia Stock Has Not Been Acting Well Nvidia management is very good at execution, but the stock has not been acting well, Cramer said. Bret Kenwell May 9, 2017 10:33 AM EDT Back to Earnings Next Week: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Friday 5/5/17) With the Fed and the healthcare vote out of the way, markets will focus on earnings in the week ahead. Scott Rutt May 8, 2017 6:15 AM EDT Trader's Daily Notebook: Market Could Use Jolt From Fed, Earnings Nearly anything associated with oil and gas drilling gets crushed. Bob Byrne May 3, 2017 7:00 AM EDT Trending 11 Countries to Visit With Caution Here's the Simplest Reason Ever Why Apple Won't Spend More Than $50 Billion to Buy Tesla 5 Mind-Blowing New Disney Theme Park Attractions Coming This Summer Amazon's New Echo Show Is Impressive, But Don't Count Google Out Yet FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech ETFs Futures Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Data Center Power Market, 2016–2024 Sarasota, FL — (SBWIRE) — 05/09/2017 — Zion Market Research, the market research group announced the analysis report titled „Data Center Power Market: Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecasts 2016–2024„ Global Data Center Power Market: Overview Data centers are proving to be computational hubs for enterprises and end-users resulting in the growth of services market and data center power. They are nothing but storage for computers that have significant data essential for the growth of a business or a firm. Request Free Sample Report @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/sample/data-center-power-market Global Data Center Power Market: Growth Factors The main reason to boost the global data center power market is the increasing need for data center and the immense assistance needed to maintain them. Replacement of traditional data centers with new one along with power management capacity and advanced technologies is driving the global data center power market. Parallely, increasing job opportunities, cheap labor cost, affordable raw materials, and low cost for maintenance and transport are some other factors that contribute in the development of global data center power market. The sudden and consistent growths in the amount of data consumption by multiple businesses, organizations, and individuals have elevated the growth of global data center power market. On the other hand, unawareness about the profits and advantages of the data center power management restrains the growth of global data center power market. Global Data Center Power Market: Segmentation The global data center power market is segmented into multiple types. Based on industry verticals, the global data center power market is segmented as IT and telecom, BFSI, healthcare, government sectors, and manufacturing, and energy. On the basis of the type of service provided, the global data center power market is divided into consulting services, system integration services, and professional services. Based on the type of solutions, the global data center power market is segmented as power monitoring and measurement solutions, cabling infrastructure solutions, generator solutions, power storage solutions, power distribution solution, and uninterrupted power supply (UPS) solutions. Request Report TOC (Table of Contents) @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/toc/data-center-power-market Global Data Center Power Market: Regional Analysis The global data center power market has flourished all over the globe. But the key areas to focus are North America, South America, Asia Pacific, and the Middle East &Africa (MEA). North and South America are leading the global data center power market. Currently, the U.S. is the leading country for data center power management. Following the U.S., Asia Pacific countries such as China and India are also emerging in the global data center power market. Global Data Center Power Market: Competitive Players Key players in the global data center power market include Server Technology Inc., Schneider Electric SE, Rittal GmbH & Co. KG, Intel Corporation, Emerson Network Power, Raritan Inc., General Electric Company, Hewlett-Packard Company, and Eaton Corporation Plc and ABB Ltd. The competition between the local as well as key players are so deep and aggressive, newbies hardly get any chance to stabilize in the market. Another reason that may seem to avoid the newbies to withstand the market is the quality of services provided by these key players. Browse detail report @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/report/data-center-power-market Global Data Center Power Market: Regional Segment Analysis North America(U.S.); Europe(UK, France, Germany); Asia-Pacific(China, Japan, India); Latin America(Brazil); The Middle East and Africa CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Market to Grow at a CAGR of 12.7% During 2017-2021 – Market Size, Shares and Forecast Next PostNext FTC Announces Resource for Small Business Owners Search Recent Posts Global Automotive Battery Cables Market Trends, Demand And Competition 2017 Marriot International attracts the attention of call buyers American Campus Communities Enters Oversold Territory Exelon Enters Oversold Territory CBL &amp; Associates Properties is Oversold RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds 72° Full Menu 72° Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps Newsletters The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Classifieds Classified Ads Shopping About Us National Business May 09, 2017 10:05 PM Election bill passage means end near for legislative session By BOB CHRISTIE Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story PHOENIX The Arizona Legislature's 2017 session is expected to end Wednesday after a deal ended a two-day battle over the fate of legislation that brought conservative support to a state budget agreement. The Senate voted 16-12 Tuesday evening for a measure requiring elections on sales tax increases by counties, cities and towns to be put only on November general election year ballots. A key opponent, Republican Sen. Kate Brophy McGee, negotiated some concessions from legislative leaders to get her support after it became clear the session would be extended until a Republican who supported it returned at the end of the week. Brophy McGee said she was dragged "kicking and screaming" to the finish line, "unhappy with both a no vote and with a yes vote." She said cities need the flexibility to put tax increases on the ballot when revenue is needed because they're the level of government that provides public safety and critical public services. She said she extracted promises from legislative leaders to have intense consultations on legislation affecting cities and towns. "I think we can make better decisions. I think the cities and towns are certainly happy to come to the table," she said on the Senate floor. "And going forward we can take into account unintended consequences in legislation that on its face may seem like a good idea." House Speaker J.D. Mesnard had insisted on passage of the bill passed before the Legislature adjourns. The issue was so important that Senate President Steve Yarbrough said earlier Tuesday that the Legislature may not end its session until Sen. John Kavanagh returned. That was expected next week, but then leaders worked to get him to fly back Thursday afternoon and planned a late-night session, a plan Brophy McGee's vote rendered unnecessary. The legislation might set up a legal battle with some cities which have independence because of their so-called charter status. The state Supreme Court has ruled that the state's 19 charter cities, including Phoenix, can choose how to hold their elections. The other 72 cities won't have that choice. With the election bill out of the way, remaining issues include the partial restoration of a cut to welfare Gov. Doug Ducey pushed through in 2015. That measure limited lifetime welfare payments to one year, the shortest in the nation. He has proposing a partial restoration. While Democrats failed to get a complete restoration into the $8.9 billion state budget deal. Other legislation of interest includes a series of tax credit proposals for businesses, including one designed to help chipmaker Intel. The House rejected a new amendment on that legislation Tuesday, but Yarbrough said he was working with the governor to get it passed. The new amendment would give even more benefits to Intel by diverting state tax money to help with needed infrastructure, something Yarbrough defended. "I am hoping we are in a position where enormous capital investment is allowed to also then assist in paying for the infrastructure that supports," he said. "I can tell you that $8 or $9 billion in additional capital investment that is going to support thousands of the highest-paying jobs in Arizona in my view is a really good thing." One of the other three bills, adding $10 million in tax credits for investors in small companies, passed the senate Monday and awaits a final House vote. One that increases eligibility for a job-creation fund to very small businesses passed the House Tuesday and awaits a final Senate vote. The most contentious bill, Senate Bill 1212, creates a tax credit for investment in rural communities and appears stalled. The sponsor, Rep. T.J. Shope, said Monday he doesn't think he has the support of majority Republicans. The proposal would allow out-of-state companies who generate $50 million in investment capital to get $30 million in tax credits, which they would sell, mainly to insurance companies, to generate cash to repay investors. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a year ago Free credit scores and credit monitoring: a cautionary tale 1:11 a year ago Free credit scores and credit monitoring: a cautionary tale 0:11 4 hours ago Shark is released at Myrtle Beach State Park 0:11 4 hours ago Shark reeled in at Myrtle Beach State Park View More Video National Business Zhang Yimou says 'Great Wall' story may have been too weak Asian stock markets see moderate gains House Speaker Ryan heads to Ohio to push tax reform Lawmakers consider accommodations for pregnant workers Vermont lawmakers return, work toward adjournment National Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
TV Opinion Weird Trump Sports Entertainment Food Newsletter Search Follow @mediaite Like us on Facebook Menu FBI Officials Tell Reporters They Were Caught Off-Guard and Shocked By Comey Firing 'All I Can Say Is Wow': Reactions to Comey's Ouster Start Pouring In CNN's Brooke Baldwin Mixes It Up With Trump Supporter: 'May I Speak? It's My Show' Kimmel to Critics: 'I Would Like to Apologize for Saying Children in America Should Have Health Care' Spicer Explains ’18 Days’ to Fire Flynn, Says Trump Won’t ‘Smear a Good Man’ Senate Intelligence Committee Chair on Comey Firing: ‘I am Troubled By the Timing and Reasoning’ by Justin Baragona | 8:31 pm, May 9th, 2017   Shortly after the political world was rocked by the bombshell announcement of FBI Director James Comey’s firing, Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr released a statement. With the committee involved in an investigation into Russian election interference and potential collusion with associates of Donald Trump, the Republican lawmaker expressed concern about the timing of the termination. My statement on the dismissal of FBI Director Comey https://t.co/ovoe34xajZ pic.twitter.com/1hB0QveczE — Richard Burr (@SenatorBurr) May 9, 2017 As some noted, Burr’s statement was a bit tougher than may have been expected from a GOP senator, even one that is involved in an active investigation of Trump/Russia. Richard Burr statement on the Comey firing harsher than some Dems. https://t.co/aMD8mpMl8K — Josh Barro (@jbarro) May 9, 2017 SIREN: Senate Intel Chairman Richard Burr says he's "troubled by the timing and reasoning" of firing; says COMEY has been helpful to inquiry — Manu Raju (@mkraju) May 9, 2017 This incredible statement is from Republican Senator Richard Burr, the President's own party, Chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee. https://t.co/vJ5HkHyGK5 — Philippe Reines (@PhilippeReines) May 10, 2017 [image via screengrab] — Follow Justin Baragona on Twitter: @justinbaragona Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com Follow Mediaite Follow @mediaite Like us on Facebook filed under Donald Trump, James Comey, richard burr Around the Web Sign up for the Mediaite newsletter What's Popular ‘Oh My God, I Can’t Wait To See It!’ Watch Joe And Mika ‘Learn’ About SNL Satire Watch Ted Cruz and Sally Yates Face Off in Testy Showdown Over Travel Ban Going Viral: Virginia Woman Caught Spewing Anti-Muslim and Anti-Obama Hate in Trader Joe’s Line ‘Sanitizing History’: Condoleezza Rice Slams Attempts to Remove Slave Owners’ Monuments ‘Good Riddance’: Krauthammer Says Obama Remarks Are Reminder ‘We Should Be Grateful’ He’s Gone Tips Have a tip or story idea? Email us. Or to keep it anonymous, click here. « Previous Post Next Post » © 2017 Mediaite, LLC | About Us | Advertise | Newsletter | Privacy | User Agreement | Disclaimer | Contact | Archives | RSS Dan Abrams, Founder Mediaite The Mary Sue RunwayRiot LawNewz Gossip Cop
Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds. KitGuru The KitGuru System Home News Reviews Gaming Lifestyle Mobile Professional Forum Home / Lifestyle / Amazon fires volley at Microsoft, Google, unveils Echo Show Amazon fires volley at Microsoft, Google, unveils Echo Show Paul Taylor 7 hours ago Lifestyle, Speakers Following hot on the heels of the Cortana-powered Harman-Kardon Invoke soft launch, Amazon has announced the imminent release of the Echo Show, a digital home assistant-slash-display with integrated Dolby-certified speakers. Amazon’s new device builds on the Alexa assistant and adds a number of new features. This will connect you with a number of online services and leverages its video display. Amazon has also been particularly clever to sign up a number of digital services, home automation devices and “connected lifestyle” apps, so you can control your home, order a Uber, watch the news, view a Youtube video or get your digital music service playing on your Echo Show. If a contact has the Alexa app on their smartphone, or another Echo Show at hand, you can make video calls too. Under the hood of the Echo Show is an Intel SoC, with an Intel Atom x5-z8350 Cherry Trail processor, 802.11 a/b/g/n WiFi, 7-inch touchscreen, dual 2-inch speakers and 5MP webcam for video conferencing. It also features an array of 8 microphones with beam-forming technology to help voice recognition. The Echo Show is on pre-order now for $229, in the US, with an estimated delivery date of June 28. Amazon has also cut prices on the original Amazon Echo by $30. KitGuru Says: Amazon seems to have pulled a fast one on Microsoft and Harman-Kardon and the Invoke… with the added edge of getting the product faster to the market. Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Pinterest Tags Alexa amazon Cherry Trail digital personal assistant Echo Show Intel SoC news smart speaker touchscreen display Previous Foxconn looking to build factory in the US, move closer to Apple Next Qualcomm launches Snapdragon 630, 660 SoCs Check Also Harman-Kardon taps Microsoft Cortana for Invoke home assistant The Home Assistant connected device market seems to be massive in the United States, with … Polls How many people ask you for technology buying advice in a year? 1 2 to 5 6 to 10 More than 10 None View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive KitGuru Facebook Archives Archives Select Month May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010  Contact Us © Copyright 2017, Kitguru.net All Rights Reserved
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump North Korea ObamaCare Just In... Voters could easily reach a bipartisan deficit deal, study finds Finance — 2h 53m ago Dems ask Justice Dept, FBI to 'preserve any and all files' on Comey firing House — 3h 44m ago Reporter arrested after repeatedly questioning Health secretary Media — 3h 49m ago Senate Dems to meet Wednesday on Comey Blog Briefing Room — 3h 52m ago GOP rep: No one should hear of a firing on TV National Security — 3h 57m ago Trump dings ‘Cryin’ Chuck Schumer’ for bashing Comey firing Administration — 4h 1m ago Clinton campaign manager: Trump firing Comey ‘wrong’ National Security — 4h 31m ago US Attorney fired by Trump: 'Everyone' should be troubled by Comey firing Administration — 4h 46m ago view all   Three Senate GOP chairmen raise concerns over Comey’s dismissal By Alexander Bolton - 05/09/17 07:54 PM EDT 292   Three Senate Republican chairmen with oversight of national security issues signaled Tuesday evening their concern over the sudden termination of FBI Director James Comey in the midst of his agency’s investigation of Russia’s influence over the White House. Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman John McCainJohn McCainFranken rips Sessions for encouraging Comey firing Lawmakers weigh new troops for America’s longest war The Memo: Trump ignites firestorm MORE (R-Ariz.) said Tuesday that he was “disappointed in the president’s decision to remove James Comey from office.” He said the unexpected dismissal in the midst of a probe into Russia’s interference in the 2016 presidential election and possible Russian government ties to senior advisers to President Trump warrants the appointment of a special prosecutor. ADVERTISEMENT “I have long called for a special congressional committee to investigate Russia’s interference in the 2016 election,” McCain said. “The president’s decision to remove the FBI director only confirms the need and the urgency for such a committee.” Joining McCain, Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob CorkerBob CorkerThe Memo: Trump ignites firestorm Trump bombshell: FBI’s Comey fired Overnight Cybersecurity: Latest on Trump's firing of FBI Director Comey | US officials have questions for Kaspersky Labs | Dems want details on FCC cyberattack MORE (R-Tenn.) signaled Tuesday night that he is also concerned about the surprise development. “While the case for removal of Federal Bureau of Investigation Director James Comey laid out by Deputy Attorney General Rod J. Rosenstein was thorough, his removal at this particular time will raise questions,” said Corker, whose panel has examined efforts by Russia to influence elections. Corker said it’s “essential that ongoing investigations are fulsome and free of political interference until their completion.” He added that “it is imperative that President Trump nominate a well-respected and qualified individual to lead the bureau at this critical time.” Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard BurrRichard BurrUS Attorney fired by Trump: 'Everyone' should be troubled by Comey firing The Memo: Trump ignites firestorm Overnight Cybersecurity: Latest on Trump's firing of FBI Director Comey | US officials have questions for Kaspersky Labs | Dems want details on FCC cyberattack MORE (R-N.C.) also said he is “troubled by the timing and reasoning of Director Comey’s termination.” He praised Comey as “a public servant of the highest order,” and said “his dismissal further confuses an already difficult investigation by the Committee.” “His dismissal, I believe, is a loss for the Bureau and the nation,” he added. Comey told senators before he was fired that the FBI was investigating members of Trump’s administration for possible ties to the Russian influence on the election. But he declined to reveal during direct questioning before the Senate Judiciary Committee whether the president himself was a target of the investigation. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnellMitch McConnellSenate Dems to meet Wednesday on Comey GOP healthcare effort dogged by gender inequity Overnight Cybersecurity: Latest on Trump's firing of FBI Director Comey | US officials have questions for Kaspersky Labs | Dems want details on FCC cyberattack MORE (R-Ky.) has tasked the Senate Intelligence Committee with investigating Russia’s influence in the 2016 election, but Democrats have called for a special prosecutor to handle the probe. Now Democrats hope that Republicans in addition to McCain, such as Corker or Burr, might be persuaded to back a special independent investigation. But other Republicans gave Trump political cover on Tuesday night. Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck GrassleyChuck GrassleyThree Senate GOP chairmen raise concerns over Comey’s dismissal McConnell stresses importance of confirming new FBI director GOP senators split over Trump's decision to fire Comey MORE (R-Iowa) said Comey’s leadership on an array of controversial issues, including an investigation into Hillary ClintonHillary Rodham ClintonDems ask Justice Dept, FBI to 'preserve any and all files' on Comey firing Clinton campaign manager: Trump firing Comey ‘wrong’ Franken rips Sessions for encouraging Comey firing MORE’s handing of classified information, gave Trump cause for action. “Over the course of the last several months, Director Comey’s decisions on controversial matters have prompted concern from across the political spectrum and from career law enforcement experts,” he said. Sen. Lindsey GrahamLindsey GrahamOPINION: Correcting Democratic deceptions about Jim Comey Lawmakers weigh new troops for America’s longest war The Memo: Trump ignites firestorm MORE (R-S.C.), the chairman of the Judiciary panel’s Crime and Terrorism subcommittee, said “a fresh start will serve the FBI and the nation well.”  Tags Hillary Clinton Mitch McConnell Lindsey Graham Chuck Grassley Richard Burr John McCain Bob Corker   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Reporter arrested after repeatedly... Dan Heyman, a reporter for Public News Service, said he was arrested at... 328 Shares 2 McCain 'disappointed' Trump fired... Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) said Tuesday he is “disappointed” with... 283 Shares 3 Grand jury subpoenas issued in FBI... The subpoenas are to associates of former national security adviser... 253 Shares 4 Clinton campaign team denounces... "Twilight zone," Robby Mook tweeted. 241 Shares 5 Cummings wants ‘emergency hearings... "There is now a crisis of confidence at the Justice Department," he said. 172 Shares 6 Sessions was told to find reasons... President Trump’s decision Tuesday to fire FBI Director James Comey has... 156 Shares 7 Comey got fired — will Clinton get... OPINION | Comey decided to cross the line in the Hillary Clinton case —... 144 Shares 8 Franken rips Sessions for... Sen. Al Franken (D-Minn.) hit Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Tuesday... 137 Shares 9 DNC deputy chair Ellison: ‘We are... Rep. Keith Ellison (D-Minn.) said Comey's replacement "would not have the... 135 Shares 10 GOP senators split over Trump's... GOP senators were split Tuesday over President Trump's decision to fire... 134 Shares 11 Lawmakers weigh new troops for... Top Pentagon and Trump administration officials are recommending that... 133 Shares 12 Trump bombshell: FBI’s Comey fired President Trump shocked Washington on Tuesday by firing FBI Director James... 133 Shares 13 Krauthammer: Comey firing '... Fox's Charles Krauthammer slammed President Trump for firing FBI Director... 127 Shares 14 Trump fires FBI Director Comey President Trump has fired FBI Director James Comey, the White House... 121 Shares 15 White House spokesperson: 'Time to... White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said Tuesday that it was "time to... 109 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman North America to Contribute Over 35% to the Global IoT Chip Market by 2023 By P&S Market Research According to a new market research report “Global IoT Chip Market Size, Share, Development, Growth and Demand Forecast to 2023 – Industry Insights by Hardware (Processor, Sensor, Connectivity IC, Memory Device, and Logic Device), by Application (Wearable Devices, Healthcare, Consumer Electronics, Building Automation, Industrial, Automotive and Transportation, Banking, Financial Services, and Insurance, Agriculture, Retail, Oil and Gas, and Others)” published by P&S Market Research Global IoT chip market worth $4,582.6 million in 2013 Based on the research findings, the global IoT chip market is likely to grow from $4,582.6 million in 2013 to $17,285.3 million by 2023. Concept of IoT is rapidly being adopted by several industries in order to provide ease and efficiency of work. Integration of connectivity competence in large number of devices and applications and development of various networking protocols have appreciably spur the growth of IoT chip market. Accelerating requirement for application-specific microcontroller units (MCUs) and flexible system on chip (SoC)-type architectures are the major factors propelling the growth of IoT chip market. Moreover, combination of IoT chipsets with integrated connectivity ICs, such as Bluetooth, Near-Field Communication (NFC), and Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS), are expected to be used in smartphones and other consumer electronic devices to reinforce varied communication protocols. Increasing demand for connected and wearable devices is likely to spearhead the growth of global IoT chip market. The key industry players in the IoT chip market have been making investments in R&D, which is expected to propel the market growth during the forecast period.  Advancement of IoT generates demand for better wireless connectivity technologies to support new segments of   automotive and transportation sector such as connected cars and intelligent transportation system (ITS), which is likely to spur the demand for connectivity ICs in the global IoT chip market.  Access Full Report Visit Here: https://www.psmarketresearch.com/market-analysis/iot-chip-market Insights on market segments As per the findings of research, integration of IoT chips in retail applications is expected to register highest growth, during the forecast period. Integration of IoT in retail benefits retailers with enhanced customer experience and increased revenue. In retail, IoT enabled devices and applications are majorly being used to manage inventory, mobile payments, and to advertise. Moreover, technology enhancement in IoT enabled devices and introduction to new technologies are the factors, expected to support the adoption of IoT enabled devices in the retail sector.  North America stand as the largest IoT chip market Geographically, North America has been the largest market for IoT chip. It has been observed that companies in the region have made huge investments for research and development in IoT industry. North America has been observed as one of the fastest-growing markets in terms of technological advancements, manufacturing operations, and infrastructure. The large-scale adoption of IoT technologies in several industries including retail, automotive and transportation, consumer electronics, building automation, and healthcare is the major factor backing the advancement of the IoT chip market in the region.  Request For Sample Pages: https://www.psmarketresearch.com/market-analysis/iot-chip-market/report-sample       Growing need for application specific MCUs and SOC designs bolsters market growth   The factors driving the growth of IoT chip market include increasing growth in the number of networking protocols and accelerating requirement of application specific MCUs and SoC type architecture. Conventional microcontrollers are the general-purpose devices that can address an extensive range of control tasks. Additionally, conventional microcontrollers enable large number of IoT integrated applications.  Competitive Landscape The global IoT chip market had a consolidated structure in 2016.  Some of the key players of IoT chip market include Intel Corporation, Qualcomm Incorporated, Texas Instruments Incorporated, NXP Semiconductors N.V., Microchip Technology Inc., MediaTek Inc., STMicroelectronics N.V., Renesas Electronics Corporation, Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd., NVIDIA Corporation, Cypress Semiconductor Corporation, Advanced Micro Devices Inc., and Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. About P&S Market Research P&S Market Research is a market research company, which offers market research and consulting services for various geographies around the globe. We provide market research reports, industry forecasting reports, business intelligence, and research based consulting services across different industry/business verticals. As one of the top growing market research agency, we’re keen upon providing market landscape and accurate forecasting. Our analysts and consultants are proficient with business intelligence and market analysis, through their interaction with leading companies of the concerned domain. We help our clients with B2B market research and assist them in identifying various windows of opportunity, and framing informed and customized business expansion strategies in different regions. Media Contact Company Name: P&S Market Research Contact Person: Kundan Email: enquiry@psmarketresearch.com Phone: +1-888-778-7886 Address:347 5th Ave. #1402- 210 City: New York City State: New York Country: United States Website: https://www.psmarketresearch.com/market-analysis/iot-chip-market CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Family Ghost Story WAIT TILL HELEN COMES out on DVD in Stores and Online Retailers Next PostNext The Blossom Shoppe Florist & Gifts Updates ‘Lavish Collection’ with New Surprises Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman North America to Contribute Over 35% to the Global IoT Chip Market by 2023 By P&S Market Research According to a new market research report “Global IoT Chip Market Size, Share, Development, Growth and Demand Forecast to 2023 – Industry Insights by Hardware (Processor, Sensor, Connectivity IC, Memory Device, and Logic Device), by Application (Wearable Devices, Healthcare, Consumer Electronics, Building Automation, Industrial, Automotive and Transportation, Banking, Financial Services, and Insurance, Agriculture, Retail, Oil and Gas, and Others)” published by P&S Market Research Global IoT chip market worth $4,582.6 million in 2013 Based on the research findings, the global IoT chip market is likely to grow from $4,582.6 million in 2013 to $17,285.3 million by 2023. Concept of IoT is rapidly being adopted by several industries in order to provide ease and efficiency of work. Integration of connectivity competence in large number of devices and applications and development of various networking protocols have appreciably spur the growth of IoT chip market. Accelerating requirement for application-specific microcontroller units (MCUs) and flexible system on chip (SoC)-type architectures are the major factors propelling the growth of IoT chip market. Moreover, combination of IoT chipsets with integrated connectivity ICs, such as Bluetooth, Near-Field Communication (NFC), and Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS), are expected to be used in smartphones and other consumer electronic devices to reinforce varied communication protocols. Increasing demand for connected and wearable devices is likely to spearhead the growth of global IoT chip market. The key industry players in the IoT chip market have been making investments in R&D, which is expected to propel the market growth during the forecast period.  Advancement of IoT generates demand for better wireless connectivity technologies to support new segments of   automotive and transportation sector such as connected cars and intelligent transportation system (ITS), which is likely to spur the demand for connectivity ICs in the global IoT chip market.  Access Full Report Visit Here: https://www.psmarketresearch.com/market-analysis/iot-chip-market Insights on market segments As per the findings of research, integration of IoT chips in retail applications is expected to register highest growth, during the forecast period. Integration of IoT in retail benefits retailers with enhanced customer experience and increased revenue. In retail, IoT enabled devices and applications are majorly being used to manage inventory, mobile payments, and to advertise. Moreover, technology enhancement in IoT enabled devices and introduction to new technologies are the factors, expected to support the adoption of IoT enabled devices in the retail sector.  North America stand as the largest IoT chip market Geographically, North America has been the largest market for IoT chip. It has been observed that companies in the region have made huge investments for research and development in IoT industry. North America has been observed as one of the fastest-growing markets in terms of technological advancements, manufacturing operations, and infrastructure. The large-scale adoption of IoT technologies in several industries including retail, automotive and transportation, consumer electronics, building automation, and healthcare is the major factor backing the advancement of the IoT chip market in the region.  Request For Sample Pages: https://www.psmarketresearch.com/market-analysis/iot-chip-market/report-sample       Growing need for application specific MCUs and SOC designs bolsters market growth   The factors driving the growth of IoT chip market include increasing growth in the number of networking protocols and accelerating requirement of application specific MCUs and SoC type architecture. Conventional microcontrollers are the general-purpose devices that can address an extensive range of control tasks. Additionally, conventional microcontrollers enable large number of IoT integrated applications.  Competitive Landscape The global IoT chip market had a consolidated structure in 2016.  Some of the key players of IoT chip market include Intel Corporation, Qualcomm Incorporated, Texas Instruments Incorporated, NXP Semiconductors N.V., Microchip Technology Inc., MediaTek Inc., STMicroelectronics N.V., Renesas Electronics Corporation, Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd., NVIDIA Corporation, Cypress Semiconductor Corporation, Advanced Micro Devices Inc., and Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. About P&S Market Research P&S Market Research is a market research company, which offers market research and consulting services for various geographies around the globe. We provide market research reports, industry forecasting reports, business intelligence, and research based consulting services across different industry/business verticals. As one of the top growing market research agency, we’re keen upon providing market landscape and accurate forecasting. Our analysts and consultants are proficient with business intelligence and market analysis, through their interaction with leading companies of the concerned domain. We help our clients with B2B market research and assist them in identifying various windows of opportunity, and framing informed and customized business expansion strategies in different regions. Media Contact Company Name: P&S Market Research Contact Person: Kundan Email: enquiry@psmarketresearch.com Phone: +1-888-778-7886 Address:347 5th Ave. #1402- 210 City: New York City State: New York Country: United States Website: https://www.psmarketresearch.com/market-analysis/iot-chip-market CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Family Ghost Story WAIT TILL HELEN COMES out on DVD in Stores and Online Retailers Next PostNext The Blossom Shoppe Florist & Gifts Updates ‘Lavish Collection’ with New Surprises Search Recent Posts Global Construction Composites Market Will Flourish by 2016 – 2024 Panama Hosts Forum on National Strategy to Prevent Money Laundering and Financing of Terrorism ROAM Expands And Becomes ROAMERICA Oligo Medic Appoints Jerett Creed As CEO Consumer Identity Access Management Market: Professional Market Research Report and Forecasts, 2017 – 2025 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Macau Our Team Editorial Statute Code of Ethics Archive Archive 2009-2014 Archive 2007-2009 Contacts Extra Times Drive In Book It tTunes Features World of Bacchus Taste of Edesia Search for: FOUNDER & PUBLISHER Kowie Geldenhuys EDITOR-IN-CHIEF Paulo Coutinho Macau, Macau Forum Business China Asia World Sports Interview Editorial Opinion Photo Shop DAILY EDITION 8 hours ago Wednesday, May 10, 2017 – edition no. 2798 EXTRA TIMES 5 days ago Night Markets Mania from Asia to America OTHER ARTICLES Gambling | US shares fall after ATM facial recognition announcement Legal Wise by MdME | Real Estate Market: Playing it cool Zhang highlights three areas for Macau’s progress Europe Day in Macau | UM scholar: ‘No vision’ to tackle European refugee crisis Top legislator tour covers major infrastructure projects MDT LIVE TRACK FEED Live Traffic Stats LATEST COMMENTS Giovanni on Reports | Tibetan monk sets himself on fire in Sichuan SaipanSam on Firm linked to Imperial Pacific arranged Saipan lawmakers’ trips John on Letter to the Editor | Bilinguals’ initial delay ‘is only natural’ L on Aerial photography book launched today Cassandra Fynes on Survey | Hearing health knowledge is ‘insufficient’ MDT MACAU GRAND PRIX SPECIAL SUBSCRIBE TO MDT NEWSLETTER Email * Home | Breaking News | Technology | Amazon’s new Echo adds touch screen and video-conferencing Technology | Amazon’s new Echo adds touch screen and video-conferencing - Wednesday, May 10, 2017 - 7 hours ago No Comments 241 Views This photo provided by Amazon shows an Amazon Echo Show on display in a living room setting Amazon Inc.’s voice-activated Echo speakers already tell you things. Now, they can show you stuff, too.  On Tuesday, the Seattle-based giant unveiled the Echo Show, which features a seven-inch touch screen that can pull up calendar appointments, display music lyrics, play videos and a lot more. The Echo Show will cost USD229 when it goes on sale in late June, $50 more than the current high-end model. The debut follows last month’s introduction of the Echo Look, which can evaluate a user’s wardrobe. Including the two new entrants, Amazon will have five products in the Echo lineup, all powered by the Alexa digital assistant. Amazon’s gadget business isn’t about big profits; it’s a way to hook consumers into the company’s fast-growing retail business and get people to sign up for the lucrative Prime subscription service. Meanwhile, Amazon has managed to outflank Google, which began selling its Home device two years after the Echo debuted, and Apple, which is still working on its own Siri-based version. Amazon won’t say how many Echos have been sold, but it has grabbed 70 percent of the U.S. market  for voice-assisted speakers, according to eMarketer, with Google accounting for most of the rest. In a demonstration at Amazon’s San Francisco offices, the Echo Show displayed full weather forecasts, news headlines and LeBron James highlights. The company says the device will also play camera feeds from such connected devices as baby monitors and camera-equipped door bells. Services that already connect to the Echo will be able to display information—say how far an Uber is from your front door or the basic box score for a baseball game. Alexa currently supports 12,000 “skills,” Amazon’s term for third-party services, and over time will offer increasingly comprehensive information, such as the points scored by a specific player.  “We’re not trying to build a phone or tablet interface on this, but extend that ambient nature of what you already have with an Echo,” says Amazon devices chief Dave Limp, who has been testing the Show at home for about a year.  This is the first Echo speaker with a built-in camera. The five-megapixel sensor makes possible a new video conferencing service that Amazon is rolling out alongside the new hardware. Similar to Apple’s FaceTime, the service lets people make video calls from one Echo Show to another, or between the Show and an updated Alexa app on a smartphone. The service doubles as an intercom, allowing a person to call an Alexa speaker in another room without a camera. Users can’t currently make cell phone calls via the Echo Show.  The Echo Show screen is slightly smaller than an iPad mini’s and the same size as the Kindle Fire tablet. The Intel-powered device has better sound than its predecessor, eight microphones instead of seven and can now connect directly to WiFi, not solely via the Alexa smartphone app. By pushing a button, you can disable the camera and microphones. Limp says hackers won’t be able to activate the camera remotely.  The new Echo will stream music from Amazon’s own service, Spotify and Pandora, but not Apple Music. “We’d love to have Apple, but they’re not super big” on opening up Apple Music integration, Limp says. (Apple Music subscribers can do a workaround by streaming audio from their smartphone to the Echo device via Bluetooth.) Will the new Echo enhance Amazon’s first-mover advantage? Photos of the Show—a black or white wedge of plastic—elicited decidedly mixed reviews on Twitter, with one person saying it belonged on Star Trek (presumably the original) and another comparing it with the Chumby, a chunky digital assistant whose maker filed for bankruptcy. The Show may also be too pricey for many consumers. A report released Monday by Consumer Intelligence Research Partners in Chicago said the cheapest Echo product, the $50, hockey puck-shaped Dot, has accounted for more than half of the estimated 10.7 million Echo devices sold since 2014. Plus Apple, maker of beautiful products even when they aren’t hits, potentially could leapfrog the Show. In a recent research note, analyst Ming-Chi Kuo said Apple may debut an Echo rival next month at the company’s annual developer’s conference. Apple employees have been testing a device at home for several months, according to people familiar with the matter. While marketing chief Phil Schiller recently talked up the benefits of having a screen on a voice-activated device, it’s not clear whether the Apple version will in fact have one. Mark Gurman, Bloomberg Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Related Categories Breaking News Share This Post Related Posts Hong Kong: Police arrest two disqualified lawmakers Volkswagen plans all-electric car for China next year  US strike on Syria is widely hailed, but angers Russia Trump kicks off Florida meetings with Xi No Comments Cancel Reply Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Copyright © Macau Daily Times 2008-2017. All Rights Reserved Contact our Administrator Contact our Director Contacts Contact for Subscriptions and Issues Contact Our Advertising Department Contact Our Managing Editor Contact Our Newsroom Contact Our Newsroom Secretary Home Our Team Search results Editorial Statute Code of Ethics
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Welcome, {username} Profile | Login Fox News opinion Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air Jobs Steve Forbes: In Arizona, conservative government creates jobs By Steve Forbes Published May 09, 2017 Fox News Facebook Twitter Comments Email Print   While all eyes on are on Washington these days to see how well the bold Trump agenda advances, Arizona Governor Doug Ducey is quietly creating a case-study in how to achieve economic growth and create the jobs of the future.  He is luring high-tech innovators, attracting scores of start-ups, and incentivizing corporate expansion. A recent report found that Arizona is now home to over 8,600 tech companies, with more coming on a regular basis. These are the types of jobs that are unlikely to be outsourced to a factory in Mexico or China. They are not only permanent, but they also pay well. Tech firms, which employed an estimated 5.3 percent of the state workforce in 2016, pay an average annual salary of $97,400, more than double the overall average wage. The bioscience and healthcare sectors alone support in excess of 100,000 jobs, generating $36 billion in annual revenue. This didn’t happen by accident. It’s happening because of a purposely executed strategy to make Arizona the most hospitable business climate in the nation for technology jobs and digital economy careers.  Two years ago, Governor Ducey signed a bill creating a framework that allowed ridesharing companies to operate legally and safely in the state. Within seven months, the industry doubled the number of people it hired. Uber announced plans to bring on hundreds of Arizona workers to fill customer service jobs, and it just recently decided to move its fleet of autonomous vehicles to Arizona from California, attracted by a more supportive regulatory environment. Earlier this month, Governor Ducey approved a piece of legislation that makes Arizona the first state in the U.S. to lay the regulatory groundwork for next generation (or 5G) wireless networks. By streamlining the process for permitting the small cell infrastructure that will support 5G, it paves the way for the game-changing tools and services this superfast wireless technology will offer. 5G is expected to spur the creation of 3 million new U.S. jobs.  With this bill, the Arizona legislature and Governor Ducey have readied their state to share in the wealth of family-wage employment it will support. Since he took office, among other efforts to aid entrepreneurs, Governor Ducey has also championed a crowdfunding bill that helps startups raise capital and issued an executive order that made sweeping reforms in Arizona’s occupational licensing laws. Those rules had previously been some of the most burdensome in the nation, hindering professional employment and deterring people from starting their own businesses. Governor Ducey’s willingness to embrace new technologies and support high-tech industries continues to bear fruit. Tech companies are flocking to Phoenix and other cities. Intel, for instance announced it will invest $7 billion in a new semiconductor plant in the city of Chandler. That facility will support 3,000 high-paying jobs for technicians and engineers, with a ripple effect that will create an additional 10,000 permanent jobs throughout the Arizona economy. Governor Ducey should be a role model for conservative chief executives, legislators, and city leaders throughout the nation. What he accomplished in Arizona can be duplicated by any other state that is willing to work with tech companies and other businesses to help them succeed. Governor Ducey has proven that regulations and policies that support businesses, instead of standing in their way, give rise to growth and good jobs. Combined with education reform – Arizona just made education savings accounts universal for all students, the most far-reaching expansion of ESAs in the country – and it is clear Governor Ducey has Arizona boldy and excitingly heading in the right direction. This is what conservative government is all about. With Republican governors now running 33 of the 50 states, taking a page from Governor Ducey’s playbook could supercharge the U.S. economy and job creation nationwide, for years to come. Steve Forbes is Chairman and Editor-in-Chief of Forbes Media. His latest book, "Reviving America: How Repealing Obamacare, Replacing the Tax Code, and Reforming the Fed will Restore Hope and Prosperity". Advertisement Trending in Opinion How to get rid of ObamaCare for good on the Stossel plan Comey is out, but a political minefield remains GREGG JARRETT: Comey's firing was long overdue Comey had to go: The FBI needs a fresh start Steve Forbes: In Arizona, conservative government creates jobs Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Newsletters Alerts Podcasts Radio Apps & Products About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Help Email Newsroom Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. 2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.
Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read British passport applications from EU residents up by a third Hidden numbers reveal scale of Venezuela’s economic crisis  Trump ‘terminates’ FBI director James Comey French election results: Macron’s victory in charts Former French PM Manuel Valls says his Socialist party is dead US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies Most Read Trump ‘terminates’ FBI director James Comey Trump was warned twice on risk of Russia blackmailing Flynn Comey falls victim to Trump’s Tuesday night massacre Trump’s tax plan tries to take away the drinks tray Less is more when it comes to Federal Reserve policy Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read Goldman shakes up investment bank leadership Warnings of staff relocations after Brexit rise sharply Brexit process will expose basic weakness in European banking US shale groups roar back to life after oil slump John Lewis falls foul of minimum wage rules Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Wall Street’s fear gauge falls to lowest level since 1993 Apple leads US stocks to new ‘earnings trade’ high S&P 500 hits record territory above 2,400 before ceding ground Greek bonds keep on smashing post-bailout records Deutsche Bank urges caution over sleepy FX market Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read Why Emmanuel Macron matters to the whole world Iraq fears for its future once Isis falls May’s foreign policy cannot be judged by its electoral effect Xi Jinping’s Silk Road is under threat from one-way traffic Comey falls victim to Trump’s Tuesday night massacre Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read Why paternal age matters to children’s health Unrealistic expectations put millennials at risk of burnout There is nothing cute about innumeracy Harvard and its business school acolytes are due a rethink Nationality grants open doors to MBA hopefuls Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read The charm of Mme Macron: a little bit of Essex in the Elysée Palace Men Without Women by Haruki Murakami — island life Man versus machine: when Garry Kasparov met his match Arvind Subramanian, economic adviser to India’s prime minister How Serge Gainsbourg’s Je t’aime . . . moi non plus whipped up a scandal Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Sign In Subscribe Search the FT Search Close Corporate earnings Add to myFT Nvidia shares jump as it rides AI and gaming booms Fast FT Read next Fast FT Strong dollar clocks Fossil sales, sending shares falling Tuesday, 9 May, 2017 Share on Twitter (opens new window) Share on Facebook (opens new window) Share on LinkedIn (opens new window) Share on Whatsapp (opens new window) Print this page Save May 9, 2017 by: Tim Bradshaw Shares in US graphics chipmaker Nvidia leaped up 13 per cent in after-hours trading, after it reported results ahead of expectations across a portfolio of products that power gaming PCs and consoles, virtual reality, artificial intelligence and self-driving cars. The Silicon Valley-based company saw revenues rise 48 per cent year-over-year to $1.94bn, just ahead of Wall Street’s forecasts, with guidance for its second quarter also beating estimates at around $1.95bn. Net income more than doubled to $507m, with earnings per share also more than twice last year’s figure at 86 cents. Nvidia, which was the best-performing stock in the S&P 500 last year, has seen its shares pause for breath this year as investors grew concerned about increased competition from AMD, Intel and Qualcomm, as well as slower growth among its videogamer customers. “The AI revolution is moving fast and continuing to accelerate,” said Jensen Huang, Nvidia’s chief executive. “Nvidia’s GPU deep learning platform is the instrument of choice for researchers, internet giants and startups as they invent the future.” As well as striking partnerships with auto supplier Bosch on self-driving cars and data-centre AI tie-ups with Microsoft, Google, Tencent and Baidu, Nvidia has also benefitted from the success of Nintendo’s Switch, which uses its Tegra processors. Tegra revenues more than doubled overall to $332m, while its core GPU business was up 45 per cent to $1.56bn. Data centre sales rose 186 per cent to $409m. Nvidia shares, which closed at $102.94, were 13 per cent higher in after-hours trading at $116.75, their highest point since early February. Sample the FT’s top stories for a week You select the topic, we deliver the news. Select topic Select topic Top Stories Brexit US Election 2016 China slowdown Millennial Economy March of the Robot Plunging oil price Global Terror Tech disruption Advertising Connected Cars Enter email address Invalid email Sign up By signing up you confirm that you have read and agree to the terms and conditions, cookie policy and privacy policy. Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2017. All rights reserved. You may share using our article tools. Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web. Share on Twitter (opens new window) Share on Facebook (opens new window) Share on LinkedIn (opens new window) Share on Whatsapp (opens new window) Print this page Save Latest on Corporate earnings Fast FT Strong dollar clocks Fossil sales, sending shares falling Tuesday, 9 May, 2017 Fast FT News Corp climbs after quarterly results top Wall St estimates Tuesday, 9 May, 2017 Fast FT Disney profit beats estimates, though revenue falls short Tuesday, 9 May, 2017 Valeant shares jump as it lifts full-year guidance Tuesday, 9 May, 2017 Earnings growth rebound drives Wall St run Tuesday, 9 May, 2017 Read latest Fast FT Strong dollar clocks Fossil sales, sending shares falling Tuesday, 9 May, 2017 Latest on Corporate earnings Add to myFT Latest in Technology Add to myFT myFT Follow the topics mentioned in this article Technology Add to myFT Fast FT Add to myFT NVIDIA Corp Add to myFT Companies Add to myFT Follow the authors of this article Tim Bradshaw Add to myFT Take a tour of myFT Comments have not been enabled for this article. Support View Site Tips Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services FT Live Share News Tips Securely Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio Today's Newspaper (ePaper) Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD 2017. FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Close Financial Times International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Advice & Comment Science Special Reports FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio Today's Newspaper (ePaper) Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In </body> </html>
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women $26 Billion AR & VR Smartglasses and Functional Contact Lenses Market 2017 - Projections to 2027 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 09 May, 2017, 21:45 BST Share this article DUBLIN, May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "AR & VR Smartglasses and Functional Contact Lenses 2017-2027" report to their offering. This new report is focused on how the market for AR and VR headsets is going to evolve in the next decade, based on the exciting research and developments efforts of recent years along with the high visibility some projects and collaborations have enjoyed. The amount of visibility this space is experiencing is exciting developers of a range of allied technologies into fast-tracking/focusing their efforts, as well as creating devices and components designed specifically to serve this emerging industry: microdisplays, optical engines and haptic feedback components are some of the main components that are seeing significant growth alongside the growth in interest in augmented and virtual reality. Some of the newest headsets that have ignited interest in smart eyewear are going above and beyond the conventional definition of a smart object; they are in effect, portable, wearable computers with a host of functionalities, specially designed apps etc. that add new ways for the wearer to interact with the world along with smartphone capabilities, health tracking options and many other features. The features of some of the more advanced devices have been based on and have sparked worldwide innovation efforts aiming to create an ecosystem of components that will enable what is bound to be a revolution in form factor for wearables. Wearable sensors, innovative user interfaces, but also near-eye displays and optics as well as energy storage devices that represent some of the examples of technology tool kits that are evolving and improving in performance. They are hence constituting the pieces that are falling into place in order to enable new functionalities and form factors, both necessary to create products as innovative as near-eye and on-eye computers. The report includes insight into how different entities are addressing these challenges: developments such as foveated rendering and focus tunable displays, efforts in increasing FOV while keeping display resolution high in order to improve the immersiveness of the VR experience or the seamless integration of an AR layer of information. In addition, company and research activities in the space for smart glasses as well as company profiles of players actively involved in this space, concluding with market forecasts for both AR and VR headsets for the next decade. Key Topics Covered: 1. EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 1.1. Virtual and augmented reality: the beginning 1.2. Motion blur explained 1.3. The key elements of presence in VR 1.4. The rise of augmented reality 1.5. Pokémon Go: The first "killer app" for AR 1.6. Categories of AR and VR headsets 1.7. Applications for VR headsets: Social apps & VR cafes 1.8. Applications for AR headsets: Niche B2C & social AR emerging 1.9. Display requirements for AR & VR 1.10. Innovation in head mounted displays: Projecting virtual content in multiple focal planes 1.11. Innovation in head mounted displays: Foveated image rendering 1.12. Haptics in mainstream VR today 1.13. Market forecasts for AR & VR: Volumes 1.14. Market forecasts for AR & VR: Value 2. INTRODUCTION 2.1. Introduction: electronic functionality in eyewear 2.2. Nomenclature in the smart eyewear world: virtual (VR) and augmented (AR) reality 2.3. Nomenclature in the smart eyewear world: variations of AR and VR 2.4. Some examples of AR and VR headsets by category 2.5. Functional (Smart) contact lenses 2.6. Applications for smart eyewear- addressing the B2B and B2C markets 2.7. Applications of AR & VR 2.8. Applications for smart eyewear - design 2.9. Applications for smart eyewear - medical 2.10. Applications for smart eyewear - collaboration 2.11. Development work: areas of focus 2.12. Development work: displays and optics, user interfaces 2.13. Development work: focus tunable & foveated displays 2.14. Development work in functional contact lenses 3. AR & VR DEVICES 3.1. AR headsets 3.2. Microsoft Hololens 3.3. Meta 2 3.4. Kopin Solos 3.5. Kopin Golden-i 3.8D 3.6. Epson Moverio BT-300 3.7. Epson Moverio Pro BT-2000 3.8. Atheer Labs, AiR Glasses 3.9. ODG R8 3.10. ODG R9 3.11. ODG R7 3.12. DAQRI Smart Helmet 3.13. DAQRI Smart Glasses 3.14. Brother 3.15. Cinoptics 3.16. Penny C-Wear 30 3.17. Lumus DK50 3.18. Evena 3.19. Vuzix M100 and M300 3.20. IMMY NEO iC 60 3.21. Oakley Radar Pace 3.22. OrCam MyEye 3.23. Snapchat Spectacles 3.24. Google Glass 3.25. Picavi - A Google partner example 3.26. Magic Leap 3.27. Avegant 3.28. VR headsets 3.29. PC VR 3.30. Oculus Rift CV1 3.31. Sony Playstation VR 3.32. HTC Vive 3.33. Avegant Glyph 3.34. Windows 10 compatible VR headsets 3.35. Some Windows 10 compatible VR headset designs unveiled 3.36. Standalone VR 3.37. Royole X & Royole Moon: portable theatres by Royole 3.38. Alcatel Vision 3.39. Upcoming Standalone VR merging with AR: Intel Alloy - Sulon q 3.40. Mobile VR 3.41. Samsung Gear VR 3.42. Google Daydream View 3.43. Zeiss VR One Plus 3.44. Alcatel VR15 3.45. Non-electronic VR 3.46. Google Cardboard 3.47. Google Cardboard and other non-electronic headsets 3.48. Discussion: the first wave of VR products and the VR experience 4. DISPLAYS AND MICRODISPLAYS 4.1. Displays and Microdisplays for AR & VR 4.2. Head mounted displays for VR headsets 4.3. Microdisplays for VR? 4.4. Head mounted displays for AR headsets - microdisplays 4.5. Transmissive LCDs 4.6. Liquid Crystal on Silicon (LCoS) microdisplays 4.7. Liquid Crystal on Silicon (LCoS) microdisplays - operating principle 4.8. Liquid Crystal on Silicon (LCoS) microdisplays - generating color in a three-panel configuration 4.9. Liquid Crystal on Silicon (LCoS) microdisplays - generating color in a single-panel configuration 4.10. Digital Light Processing (DLP) - Digital Micromirror Device (DMD) 4.11. microOLED 4.12. Emerging options: microLEDs 4.13. Technology suppliers 4.14. Microdisplay technologies: comparative summary 4.15. Microdisplay technologies: investment & acquisitions 4.16. Microdisplay technologies: comparison discussion 4.17. Microdisplay technologies: incumbent vs emerging options 4.18. Microdisplays: the future of micro-OLED 4.19. Microdisplays: will micro-LED win in the longterm? 5. OPTICAL ENGINES 5.1. Optical engines in near eye computing - purpose 5.2. Optical engines for AR headsets: I want it all! 5.3. Pupil forming and non-pupil forming optical engines 5.4. Optical engines for AR & VR headsets 5.5. Magnifier architectures: Rift, Vive and Playstation VR 5.6. Immersion displays: Magnifier architectures 5.7. Immersion displays: Virtual retina display 5.8. See through displays: combiners 5.9. See through displays: waveguides & lightguides 5.10. See through displays: other approaches - IMMY - Olympus 5.11. See through displays: other approaches 5.12. Field of View for different headsets 5.13. Achieving high angular resolution 5.14. FOV vs. resolution 5.15. FOV vs. resolution in AR & VR 5.16. Innovation in AR and VR: the conflict of accommodation and vergence 5.17. Innovation in AR and VR: Resolving the Vergence-Accommodation Conflict in Head Mounted Displays 5.18. Monovision vs. focus-tunable displays 5.19. Deep Optics: dynamically focus-tunable displays 5.20. Innovation in AR and VR: Addressing the conflict of accommodation and Vergence - the concept of focus tunable displays 5.21. Innovation in AR and VR: addressing the conflict of accommodation and Vergence - the concept of foveated rendering 5.22. Innovation in AR and VR: eye tracking & foveated rendering SMI 5.23. Innovation in AR and VR: eye tracking & foveated rendering Nvidia 5.24. Innovation in AR and VR: eye tracking & foveated rendering Fove - QiVARI 5.25. Innovation in AR and VR: eye tracking & foveated rendering Tobii - The Eye Tribe 6. HAPTICS IN VR 6.1. Case Study: Haptics in VR 6.2. Stimulating the senses: Sight, sound, touch and beyond 6.3. Haptics in mainstream VR today 6.4. Categories for the technology today 6.5. Haptics in controllers: inertial and surface actuation 6.6. Example: Surface actuation on a controller 6.7. Motion simulators and vehicles: established platforms 6.8. New motion simulators are still used to show off VR 6.9. Examples: personal VR motion simulators and vehicles 6.10. Wearable haptic interfaces 6.11. Wearable haptic interfaces - rings 6.12. Commercial examples: GoTouchVR 6.13. Wearable haptic interfaces - gloves 6.14. Examples: Virtuix, NeuroDigital Technologies 6.15. Wearable haptic interfaces - shoes 6.16. Commercial examples: Nidec, CEREVO, and others 6.17. Wearable haptic interfaces - harnesses and apparel 6.18. Wearable haptic interfaces - exoskeletons 6.19. Commercial examples: Dexta Robotics 6.20. Kinaesthetic haptics 6.21. Kinaesthetic devices: types and process flow 6.22. Exoskeletons 6.23. Manipulandums 6.24. FundamentalVR - haptics for training surgeons in VR 6.25. Robotics: Hacking existing platforms to build kinaesthetic haptics 6.26. The case for contactless haptics in VR 6.27. Forecast: Haptics in VR & AR by haptic technology 6.28. Related topic: Power-assist exoskeletons and apparel 6.29. Power assist exoskeletons 6.30. The relationship between assistive devices and kinaesthetic haptics 6.31. Example: Ekso Bionics 6.32. Power assist suits - UPR 6.33. Power assist apparel - Superflex 6.34. Geographical and market trends 7. POWER 7.1. Initial observations on energy storage for smart eyewear 7.2. Size reduction strategies for energy storage devices 7.3. Existing shapes: thin film and coin cell batteries 7.4. Energy storage fit for purpose: Kopin- Hitachi Maxell 7.5. Energy storage design: effect of packaging 8. MARKET FORECASTS 2017-2027 8.1. Market forecasts for AR & VR: Volumes 8.2. Market forecasts for VR: VR will plateau 2022 onwards 8.3. What markets will follow the gaming market's growth? Social VR C& VR cafes 8.4. Market forecasts for AR: Growth from 2020 onwards 8.5. OLED microdisplays for VR: Facilitating the transition to VR-capable AR headsets 8.6. Market forecasts for AR & VR: Value 8.7. Pricing evolution in different AR & VR headsets 8.8. Market forecasts for AR & VR: Headset market value 9. COMPANY PROFILES 9.1. Atheer Labs 9.2. Avegant 9.3. Dispelix 9.4. FlexEl, LLC 9.5. HAP2U 9.6. Immersion Corporation 9.7. Imprint Energy, Inc 9.8. Jenax 9.9. Kopin Corporation 9.10. MicroOLED 9.11. mLED 9.12. Nidec Motor Corporation 9.13. Novasentis 9.14. Oculus 9.15. Optinvent 9.16. Ostendo Technologies 9.17. Osterhout Design Group 9.18. Ricoh 9.19. Royole Corporation 9.20. Seiko Epson Corporation 9.21. Sony Europe (SES) 9.22. Syndiant 9.23. Vuzix For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/zwm7z5/ar_and_vr Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716   SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 09 May, 2017, 22:00 BST Preview: Global Therapeutic Drug Monitoring Technologies, Markets, and Companies Report 2017-2026 Featuring Agilent, Alfa Wassermann, Beckman Coulter, bioMerieux, Randox & Siemens - Research and Markets 09 May, 2017, 21:30 BST Preview: Asia Proton Therapy Market Report 2017: Patients Treated, List of Proton Therapy Centers and Forecast to 2022 - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 00:30 BSTResearch and Markets - Global Energy Management System Market,... 00:15 BSTGlobal $17.87 Billion Telemedicine Market Outlook 2016-2022:... Explore More news releases in similar topics Consumer Electronics Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: $26 Billion AR & VR Smartglasses and Functional Contact Lenses Market 2017 - Projections to 2027 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 09 May, 2017, 21:45 BST Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Software Defined Security Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Software Defined Security Market is accounted for $1.23 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $8.5 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 31.8% by 2022 PUNE , MAHARASHTRA, INDIA, May 9, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Software Defined Security Industry Description “According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Software Defined Security Market is accounted for $1.23 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $8.5 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 31.8% during the forecast period”. Necessitate for quick response & improved security and increasing usage of cloud services are some of the major factors fueling the market growth. However, challenges related to data protection, hacking and dearth of skilled personnel are some of the factors hampering the software-defined security market. Increasing investments and technological advancements provides huge growth opportunities in the global market. Cloud segment accounted for the major share owing to the existing trends of development in cloud technology. North America accounted for the largest share in the market. Increasing awareness about the benefits of Software Defined Security is expected to drive the market in this region. Lots of companies are deliberately adding resellers and suppliers associates in their marketing channel in the region to influence the potential market and are boosting their market reach. Request for Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/827026-software-defined-security-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Some of the key players in Software-Defined Security Market include Juniper Networks, Inc., Symantec Corporation, Hillstone Networks Inc., Cisco Systems, Inc., Palo Alto Networks, Inc., Check Point Software Technologies Ltd., EMC Corporation, Certes Networks Inc., Versa Networks, Inc., Catbird Networks, Inc., Fortinet, Inc., Intel Corporation, CloudPassage, Inc. and VMware, Inc. Components covered: • Services o Consulting o Integration and Testing o Support and Maintenance o Training and Education • • Solutions o Control Automation and Orchestration Solution o Performance Management and Reporting o Security Compliance and Policy Management o Security Software Enforcement Points covered: • Network Security Gateway • Application and Mobile Device Security • Virtual Machines/Server/Storage Security • Others Enforcement Points Leave a Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/827026-software-defined-security-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 End Users covered: • Telecom Service Providers • Cloud Service Providers • Enterprises o Banking, Financial Services, and Insurance o Defense o Education o Government o Healthcare o Information Technology Enabled Services o Media and Entertainment o Other Enterprises Deployment Modes covered: • On Premises • Cloud Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Buy now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=827026 Continued… Contact Us: Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) Norah Trent wiseguyreports +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Coagulation Reagent Market Competition Analysis by Type, Region Forecast 2022 Next PostNext Omega Protein to Present at the 12th Annual BMO Farm to Market Conference Search Recent Posts Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Industrial valves Market Worldwide: Latest Industry Trends, Trades, Supply, Demand, Future prospects by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path PCMagPicks AmazonEchoShow WindowsBug Cassini NetNeutrality Menu Subscribe Home / Reviews / Software / Operating Systems and Platforms / Google's Fuscia OS Now Has a User Interface Google's Fuscia OS Now Has a User Interface By Tom Brant May 9, 2017 01:16pm EST 10 Comments Code-named 'Armadillo,' the new UI is available on Github; install it as an Android app to catch a glimpse of Google's mysterious next-gen OS. Google's latest operating system shed some of its mystery this week with the revelation that intrepid programmers can get a glimpse of the open-source user interface by running it as an Android app. The new OS, codenamed "Fuscia" and in development since at least August 2016, now has a partially built user interface available for download on Github, ExtremeTech reports. To get it up and running, however, you'll need to compile it as an Android APK and install it on a phone or emulator, a great weekend project for someone with the required set of skills, but not something casual Android enthusiasts will probably take on. Fuscia's user interface is code-named Armadillo, and if you do manage to get it up and running, you'll notice several similarities between it and Google's two main existing OSes (Chrome and Android), according to Ars Technica. The home screen, which scrolls vertically to display its content, includes a profile picture in the center with the date, a city name, and a battery icon. Tapping on the picture will bring up an Android-style quick settings menu. Armadillo's main departure from Android is the home screen scrolling feature. Instead of recently used apps, you'll see "story cards" that can include apps and other "modules" grouped around common themes, Ars reports. Armadillo is still in its infancy, and many of its features are mere placeholders that don't actually do anything in the Android APK. Google's plans for the OS are unclear, although it can reportedly run on 32- and 64-bit ARM CPUs, as well as 64-bit Intel CPUs. That versatility means it could one day be integrated into everything from car dashboard displays to desktop PCs. Meanwhile, for some context into what Fuscia's developers are thinking without actually having to compile the software into an app yourself, it's worth perusing the readme file, also available on Github. You'll even find a rudimentary hand-drawn Armadillo logo, which almost certainly will not show up in the finished product. Back to top Previous : How to Remotely Access and Control Another PC By Tom Brant Tom is PCMag's San Francisco-based news reporter. He got his start in technology journalism by reviewing the latest hard drives, keyboards, and much more for PCMag's sister site, Computer Shopper. As a freelancer, he's written on topics as diverse as Borneo's rain forests, Middle Eastern airlines, and big data's role in presidential elections. A graduate of Middlebury College, Tom also has a master's journalism degree from New York University. Follow him on Twitter @branttom. More » More Stories by Tom Unlocked Samsung Galaxy S8 Now on Sale For light data users who don't mind a significant upfront cash outlay, buying an unlocked phone can ... More » Amazon Lowers Free Shipping Threshold to $25 The $10 drop is a boon for non-Prime customers who don't mind waiting for their shipments to arrive,... More » Study: $5K Is Self-Driving Car Sweet Spot An academic study suggests people are willing to pay just under $5,000 for fully autonomous cars. More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles What Is 5G? Everything Coming to Netflix in May 21 Optical Illusions That Prove Your Brain Sucks The Eerie World of Abandoned Computers 6 Video Games You'll Want to Buy In May Inside GE's Research Center and its Quest for an Automated Future »See More //Discover... 23 Things You Didn't Know Your Chromecast Could Do 30 Breathtaking Pics From Cassini's Journey to Saturn 22 Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know »See More //Best VOIP Software... RingCentral Office Broadvoice Cloud PBX Vonage Business //Discover... 23 Things You Didn't Know Your Chromecast Could Do 30 Breathtaking Pics From Cassini's Journey to Saturn 22 Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here. ×
Politics | Entertainment | Arts | Lifestyle | Business | Health | Subscribe Search for: Submit Observer Politics National International New York New Jersey Editorials National Security Entertainment TV Movies Music Books Movie Reviews Lifestyle Fashion Celebrity Food & Drink Home Design Real Estate Travel Arts Theater Visual Art Dance Opera Business Technology Startups Internet Culture Media Health Psychology Relationships Fitness Nutrition Subscribe to Newsletters 39 Book Recommendations From Billionaire Charlie Munger That Will Make You Smarter By Shane Parrish • 05/09/17 2:43pm A lot of these books will help you become more valuable by seeing the world for what it really is. Author provided That quote kickstarted my own reading habits and helps me regularly read over 100 books a year. Charlie Munger is the billionaire business partner of Warren Buffett and the Vice Chairman at Berkshire Hathaway, one of the largest companies in the world. He’s also one of the smartest people on the planet — his lecture on the psychology of human misjudgment is the best 45 minutes you might spend this year. Over the years Munger’s compiled a list of book recommendations that has served me well. A lot of these books will help you become more valuable by seeing the world for what it really is and gaining unique ideas and insights. 1. Faraday, Maxwell, and the Electromagnetic Field: How Two Men Revolutionized Physics It’s a combination of scientific biography and explanation of the physics, particularly relating to electricity. It’s just the best book of its kind I have ever read, and I just hugely enjoyed it. Couldn’t put it down. It was a fabulous human achievement. And neither of the writers is a physicist. 2. Deep Simplicity: Bringing Order to Chaos and Complexity …it’s pretty hard to understand everything, but if you can’t understand it, you can always give it to a more intelligent friend. 3. Fiasco: The Inside Story of a Wall Street Trader I remember reading this shocking book and thinking, holy shit. This book will make you sick. 4. Ice Age Of this book Munger said: “(The) best work of science exposition and history that I’ve read in many years!” 5. How the Scots Invented the Modern World A lot of really important stuff like: the first modern nation, the first literate society, the ideas for (modern) democracy and free markets, all originated with the Scots. 6. Models of My Life An autobiography of Nobel laureate Herbert A. Simon, a remarkable polymath who more people should know about. In an age of increasing specialization, he’s a rare generalist — applying what he learned as a scientist to other aspects of his life. Crossing disciplines, he was at the intersection of “information sciences.” He won the Nobel for his theory of “bounded rationality,” and is perhaps best known for his insightful quote “A wealth of information creates a poverty of attention.” (Also part of five books that will change your life.) 7. A Matter of Degrees: What Temperature Reveals about the Past and Future of Our Species, Planet, and Universe …a wide-ranging exploration of how the fundamental scientific concept of temperature is bound up with the very essence of both life and matter. 8. Andrew Carnegie The definitive biography of an industrial genius, philanthropist, and enigma. At the meeting in May of this year, Munger also mentioned the Mellon Brothers as people to study. 9. Guns, Germs, and Steel: The Fates of Human Societies A book recommended by Bill Gates and Charlie Munger! Gates said, the book “had a profound effect on the way I think about history and why certain societies advance faster than others.” 10. The Third Chimpanzee: The Evolution and Future of the Human Animal What is it about that two percent difference in DNA that has created such a divergence between evolutionary cousins?…renowned Pulitzer Prize–winning author and scientist Jared Diamond explores how the extraordinary human animal, in a remarkably short time, developed the capacity to rule the world…and the means to irrevocably destroy it. Charlie Munger Reading Uncommon Sense. YouTube/Author provided 11. Influence: The Psychology of Persuasion A frequent and persistent recommendation from Munger. I believe he’s given away more copies of this book than any other. Here is a quick overview. 12. Living within Limits: Ecology, Economics, and Population Taboos We used Living within Limits as a book in our virtual reading group. While both books are exceptional, I prefer Hardin’s other book — Filters Against Folly. 13. The Selfish Gene Dawkins explains how the selfish gene can also be a subtle gene. The world of the selfish gene revolves around savage competition, ruthless exploitation, and deceit, and yet, Dawkins argues, acts of apparent altruism do exist in nature. Bees, for example, will commit suicide when they sting to protect the hive, and birds will risk their lives to warn the flock of an approaching hawk. 14. Titan: The Life of John D. Rockefeller, Sr. At 800 or so pages this is the perfect book for a week-long vacation. From humble beginnings to the height of great power Rockefeller did it all. I think you’ll find he has more in common with Marcus Aurelius than today’s billionaires. Born the son of a flamboyant, bigamous snake-oil salesman and a pious, straitlaced mother, Rockefeller rose from rustic origins to become the world’s richest man by creating America’s most powerful and feared monopoly, Standard Oil. Branded “the Octopus” by legions of muckrakers, the trust refined and marketed nearly 90 percent of the oil produced in America. 15. The Wealth and Poverty of Nations: Why Some Are So Rich and Some So Poor A best-selling exploration of why some nations achieve economic success while others don’t. As you can imagine, it’s complicated. 16. The Warren Buffett Portfolio: Mastering the Power of the Focus Investment Strategy This book has been recommended by both Buffett and Munger on a few occasions. 17. Genome: The Autobiography of a Species in 23 Chapters Science writer Matt Ridely unfolds the genome for us. Munger recommended this work in 2001. 18. Getting to Yes: Negotiating Agreement Without Giving In The book is one of the primary business texts in North America. So it shouldn’t surprise you that I was first introduced to this as part of my MBA program. 19. Three Scientists and Their Gods: Looking for Meaning in an Age of Information What is the meaning of life? This book takes a look at the work and beliefs of three leading American scientists: Edward Fredkin, Edward O. Wilson and Kenneth Boulding. 20. Only the Paranoid Survive: How to Exploit the Crisis Points That Challenge Every Company Andy Grove gives us an inside account of how he, virtually overnight, changed the path of Intel forever. Here’s a sneak peak into one of the best business books around. 21. No Two Alike: Human Nature and Human Individuality Judith Rich Harris is a great detective and systematically works her way though the currently popular explanations, such as birth order, and explains why none of these solve the mystery of human individuality. We explored this book in detail on Farnam Street see part 1 and part 2. 22. Darwin’s Blind Spot: Evolution Beyond Natural Selection Frank Ryan takes the view that cooperation, not competition, is a factor in natural selection. The dependence, for example, of flowering plans on insects and birds for pollination is symbiosis, or cooperation. Mixing symbiosis with Darwin’s theory we come to a more accurate picture of the natural world. 23. Man’s Search For Meaning The book sheds light on the horrible experiences of Auschwitz and what they taught Viktor Frankl about life, love, and our search for meaning. When all seems hopeless, why is it that some people push forward while others subside. 24. The Blind Watchmaker: Why the Evidence of Evolution Reveals a Universe without Design In the eighteenth century, William Paley argued that a watch is too complicated to happen by accident and so too are living things. Darwin undercut that argument with his discovery of natural selection and here Dawkins offers an elegant riposte. Natural selection has no purpose, it is an unconscious, automatic, and blind watchmaker. 25. Judgment in Managerial Decision Making This is hands down the most useful book on management decision-making that I’ve ever read. Seriously. Max Bazerman does a great job of brining together the mental models of human misjudgment. 26. The Language Instinct: How the Mind Creates Language Steven Pinker, one of the world’s foremost experts on language and the mind, explores how language works, how we learn it, and how it evolves. He lands on the site of language being a human instinct, birthed by evolution. 27. Master of the Game: Steve Ross and the Creation of Time Warner This is a biography of Steve Ross, whose career spanned from Wall Street to Hollywood, by an award-winning journalist. Ross was a polarizing figure, both revered and reviled, who sought out risky deals culminating in the empire of Time Warner. 28. In The Plex: How Google Thinks, Works, and Shapes Our Lives This book is no surprise to those who follow Munger closely. He loves learning about engineering cultures. 29. A Universe out of Nothing Bestselling author and acclaimed physicist Lawrence Krauss looks at the biggest question of all: how everything that exists came to be in the first place. “Where did the universe come from? What was there before it? What will the future bring? And finally, why is there something rather than nothing?” 30. Barbarians at the Gate: The Fall of RJR Nabisco A fascinating look at corporate America and Wall Street culture during the 80s by a masterful storyteller. 31. The Outsiders: Eight Unconventional CEOs and Their Radically Rational Blueprint for Success A book by William Thorndike detailing the extraordinary success of CEOs who took a radically different approach to corporate management. 32. Distant Force: A Memoir of the Teledyne Corporation and the Man Who Created It, with an Introduction to Teledyne Technologies Henry Singleton, the creator of Teledyne detailed in this book, was one of the eight unconventional CEOs mentioned above. If there was a businessman hall of fame, Singleton would be on the first ballot. 33. Hard Drive: Bill Gates and the Making of the Microsoft Empire How Bill Gates transformed an industry when everyone was trying to prevent him. Gates wasn’t always the richest person in the world. 34. Fortune’s Formula: The Untold Story of the Scientific Betting System That Beat the Casinos and Wall Street Our man Claude Shannon comes up again with his fascinating work with John Kelly. Together they applied the science of information theory to make as much money as they could as fast as they could. 35. Conspiracy of Fools: A True Story An intimate exposure of Enron’s implosion. Think it can’t happen again? Think again. 36. The Martians of Science: Five Physicists Who Changed the Twentieth Century If science had a hall of fame the five men from this book, born at the turn of the twentieth century in Budapest — Theodore von Kármán, Leo Szilard, Eugene Wigner, John von Neumann, and Edward Telle — would all be members. Their work underpinned some of the most important political developments of the twentieth century. 37. Einstein: His Life and Universe Munger, who reads every Einstein biography, considers this one from Walter Isaacson to be the best. 38. Getting It Done: How to Lead When You’re Not in Charge An interesting book full of practical ideas that takes a realistic view of organizations and asks how, in a world of matrix management and chaos, do we lead when we are not the one in charge? One of the best parts of the book was how to provide feedback. 39. The Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin One of Munger’s all-time heroes was Ben Franklin. This autobiography was written as a letter of instruction in the ways of the world. ***** Consider this a look at one of Munger’s many bookshelves. Two other books that might interest you are Damn Right!: Behind the Scenes with Berkshire Hathaway Billionaire Charlie Munger and, one of my all time personal favorites, Seeking Wisdom: From Darwin to Munger. And before you email me to tell me how expensive some of these books are consider this: ignorance is more expensive. Follow your curiosity to Adding Mental Models to Your Mind’s Toolbox. Shane Parrish feeds your brain at Farnam Street, a site that helps readers master the best of what other people have already figured out. If you want to work smarter and not harder, I recommend subscribing to The Brain Food Newsletter. You can follow Shane on Twitter and Facebook. SEE ALSO: Why Berkshire Hathaway Is Suddenly Interested in Apple Observer Daily Observer Delivered to Your Inbox Sign Up Submit Must Reads Observer Politics Entertainment Lifestyle Arts Health Contact About Newsletters Privacy Terms Powered by WordPress.com VIP We noticed you're using an ad blocker. We get it: you like to have control of your own internet experience. But advertising revenue helps support our journalism. To read our full stories, please turn off your ad blocker.  We'd really appreciate it. How Do I Whitelist Observer? How Do I Whitelist Observer? Below are steps you can take in order to whitelist Observer.com on your browser: For Adblock: Click the AdBlock button on your browser and select Don't run on pages on this domain. For Adblock Plus: Click the AdBlock Plus button on your browser and select Enabled on this site. Then Reload the Page
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Internet of Robotic Things Market To Reach $21.49 Billion With 30.4% CAGR Forecast To 2022 Internet of Robotic Things -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 PUNE , MAHARASHTRA, INDIA, May 9, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Internet of Robotic Things Industry Description Wiseguyreports.Com Adds “Internet of Robotic Things -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022” To Its Research Database According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Internet of Robotic Things Market is accounted for $3.35 billion in 2015 and expected to grow at a CAGR of 30.4% to reach $21.49 billion by 2022. Factors such as increasing e-commerce platform, integration of robots with varied technologies and high speed data & web connectivity will significantly invigorate the market growth. However, lack of knowledge on Internet of robotics technology, expensive research and development projects and maintaining a common protocol are the factors hindering the market growth. Device management platform segment commanded the platform market due to growing surge for access and control. Security solutions segment will grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period in order to overcome security challenges, threats and gateways. North America is expected to be largest market due to proliferation of smart robotics application. However, Asia Pacific will grow during the forecast period due to insistence for connected robotics in e-commerce sector. Request for Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/827034-internet-of-robotic-things-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Some of the key players in global Internet of Robotic Things market are ABB Ltd, Kuka AG, Irobot Corporation, FANUC Corporation, Amazon.Com, Inc., Google, Inc, Cisco Systems, Inc., Intel Corporation, Honda Motors Co., Ltd, Yaskawa Electric Corporation, Northrop Grumman Corporation, Aethon Inc., Blufin Robotics Corporation, Omron Adept Technologies, Inc., Geckosytems International Corporation, ECA Group, Robert Bosch GmbH, Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd, Rockwell Automation and Lockheed Martin. Softwares Covered: • Data Management • Network Bandwidth Management • Remote Monitoring Systems • Real-Time Streaming Analytics • Security Solutions Platforms Covered: • Application Management Platform • Device Management Platform • Network Management Platform Components Covered: • Actuators • Control Systems • Power Sources • Sensors • Other Component Leave a Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/827034-internet-of-robotic-things-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Applications Covered: • Collaborative Industrial Robots o Automotive o Food & Beverages o Electronics • Service Robots o Personal Services o Professional Services Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=827034 Continued… Contact Us: Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (Us) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (Uk) Norah Trent WiseGuy Research Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Scottrade Named One of America’s Best Employers by FORBES Next PostNext Methyl Methacrylate (MMA) Adhesive Market 2017 – Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW), Henkel Corporation, Scigrip, Arkema S.A., Scott Bader Company Ltd. Search Recent Posts Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Industrial valves Market Worldwide: Latest Industry Trends, Trades, Supply, Demand, Future prospects by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content Menu Our Bloggers Topics Contribute/Contact Site Search Rechargeable ‘spin battery’ promising for spintronics and quantum computing May 9, 2017 Researchers have shown how to create a rechargeable “spin battery” made out of materials called topological insulators, a step toward building new spintronic devices and quantum computers. Unlike ordinary materials that are either insulators or conductors, topological insulators are both at the same time – they are insulators inside but conduct electricity on the surface. The materials might be used for spintronic devices and quantum computers more powerful than today’s technologies. Electrons can be thought of as having two spin states: up or down, and a phenomenon known as superposition allows electrons to be in both states at the same time. Such a property could be harnessed to perform calculations using the laws of quantum mechanics, making for computers much faster than conventional computers at certain tasks. The conducting electrons on the surface of topological insulators have a key property known as “spin momentum locking,” in which the direction of the motion of electrons determines the direction of its spin. This spin could be used to encode or carry information by using the down or up directions to represent 0 or 1 for spin-based information processing and computing, or spintronics. “Because of the spin-momentum locking, you can make the spin of electrons line up or ‘locked’ in one direction if you pass a current through the topological insulator material, and this is a very interesting effect,” said Yong P. Chen, a Purdue University professor of physics and astronomy and electrical and computer engineering and director of the Purdue Quantum Center. Applying an electric current to the material induces an electron “spin polarization” that might be used for spintronics. Ordinarily, the current must remain turned on to maintain this polarization. However, in new findings, Purdue researchers are the first to induce a long-lived electron spin polarization lasting two days even when the current is turned off. The electron spin polarization is detected by a magnetic voltage probe, which acts as a spin-sensitive voltmeter in a technique known as “spin potentiometry”. The new findings are detailed in a research paper appearing on April 14 in the journal Science Advances. The experiment was led by postdoctoral research associate Jifa Tian.  “Such an electrically controlled persistent spin polarization with unprecedented long lifetime could enable a rechargeable spin battery and rewritable spin memory for potential applications in spintronics and quantum information systems,” Tian said. This “writing current” could be likened to recording the ones and zeroes in a computer’s memory. “However, a better analog is that of a battery,” Chen said. “The writing current is like a charging current. It’s slow, just like charging your iPhone for an hour or two, and then it can output power for several days. That’s the similar idea. We charge up this spin battery using this writing current in half an hour or one hour and then the spins stay polarized for two days, like a rechargeable battery.” The finding was a surprise. “This was not predicted nor something we were looking for when we started the experiment,” he said. “It was an accidental discovery, thanks to Jifa’s patience and persistence, running and repeating the measurements many times, and effectively charging up the spin battery to output a measurable persistent spin polarization signal.” The researchers are unsure what causes the effect. However, one theory is that the spin- polarized electrons might be transferring their polarization to the atomic nuclei in the material. This hypothesis as a possible explanation to the experiment was proposed by Supriyo Datta, Purdue’s Thomas Duncan Distinguished Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering and the leader of the recently launched Purdue “spintronics preeminent team initiative.” “In one meeting, Professor Datta made the critical suggestion that the persistent spin signal Jifa observed looked like a battery,” Chen said. “There were some analogous experiments done earlier on a nuclear spin powered battery, although they typically required much more challenging conditions such as high magnetic fields. Our observation so far is consistent with the effect also arising from the nuclear spins, even though we don’t have direct evidence.” Nuclear spin has implications for development of quantum memory and quantum computing. “And now we have an electrical way to achieve this, meaning it is potentially useful for quantum circuits because you can just pass current and you polarize nuclear spin,” Chen said. “Traditionally that has been very difficult to achieve. Our spin battery based on topological insulators works even at zero magnetic field, and moderately low temperatures such as tens of kelvins, which is very unusual.” Seokmin Hong, a former Purdue doctoral student working with Datta who is now a software engineer at Intel Corp., said, “While an ordinary charged battery outputs a voltage that can be used to drive a charge current, a ‘spin battery’ outputs a ‘spin voltage,’ or more precisely a chemical potential difference between the spin up and spin down electrons, that can be used to drive a non-equilibrium spin current.” The researchers used small flakes of a material called bismuth tellurium selenide. It is in the same class of materials as bismuth telluride, which is behind solid-state cooling technologies such as commercial thermoelectric refrigerators. However, unlike the commercial grade material that is a “doped” bulk semiconductor, the material used in the experiment was carefully produced to have ultra-high-purity and little doping in the bulk so the conduction is dominated by the spin-polarized electrons on the surface. It was synthesized by research scientist Ireneusz Miotkowski in the semiconductor bulk crystal lab managed by Chen in Purdue’s Department of Physics and Astronomy. The devices were fabricated by Tian in the Birck Nanotechnology Center in Purdue’s Discovery Park. The paper was authored by Tian; Hong; and Miotkowski, Datta, and Chen. Future research will include work to probe what causes the effect by directly probing the nuclear spin, and also to explore how this spin battery can be used in potential practical applications. The research was funded by the U.S. Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, the Birck Nanotechnology Center, and the Midwestern Institute for Nanoelectronics Discovery of Nanoelectronics Research Initiative, and National Science Foundation. Categories Earth, Energy & Environment, Physics & Mathematics Post navigation Installing Solar to Combat National Security Risks in the Power Grid A suspicious mind leads to a suspicious face Leave a Comment Cancel reply Our Bloggers Experiments show that a few self-driving cars can dramatically improve traffic flow Engineering at Illinois Achieving near-perfect optical isolation using opto-mechanical transparency Engineering at Illinois Summer is Coming: Time to Shine a Light on Melanoma Gaia Cantelli New Study Will Help Giraffe Conservation Derek Lee CATS: Energy from tree leaves. One company’s products spark excitement Alan Kandel Digesting Waste Samuel Illingworth Clean-air Adventure Series: Loyalton, California Alan Kandel Comments Ron Derkis on Research shows prejudice, not principle, often underpins ‘free-speech defense’ of racist language Carrie K Truxall on A unique enzyme pill could be a game-changer for gluten-sensitive patients Jackie Beard on Team cures diabetes in mice without side effects Theodre Kennedy on Fewer kids get shot in areas with stronger gun laws Devon Jenks on Fewer kids get shot in areas with stronger gun laws Recent Posts For air-pollution conversion device, the sky’s the limit Experiments show that a few self-driving cars can dramatically improve traffic flow Achieving near-perfect optical isolation using opto-mechanical transparency Astronauts experience decrease in blood vessel function during spaceflight Personality factors are best defense against losing your job to a robot © 2017 ScienceBlog.com Pin It on Pinterest Get more stuff like this in your inbox Subscribe to our mailing list and get interesting stuff and updates to your email inbox. We respect your privacy and take protecting it seriously Scroll back to top
NOLA.com The Times-Picayune Greater New Orleans Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Menu Home Set Your Edition Greater New Orleans News Home Business Home Sports Home Entertainment Home Eat, Drink, Cook Special Sections Videos Engage MardiGras.com Obits Real Estate Jobs Autos Rentals Classifieds FIND&SAVE Local Businesses Photos Follow Us View all Sections Subscribe Back to Main Menu Weather Crime & Courts Politics Education Health & Health Care Louisiana Environment Traffic, Fires & Accidents Opinions Northshore News Baton Rouge News Hurricane Central Back to Main Menu Local Real Estate News Real Estate Transfers Latest Jobs News Career Advice Find a Local Business Back to Main Menu Saints Saints 50th Season LSU Tigers Leonard Fournette Pelicans High School Sports Recruiting Tulane Outdoors Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Local Music Louisiana Festivals Arts & Stage Movies & Hollywood South Parties & Society Home & Garden Vintage New Orleans Travel news Comics Puzzles Living MardiGras.com Back to Main Menu 300 for 300 Family Sentence The Southern Girls Project Our Lost: The human toll of murder Saints 50th Season Everyday Heroes The New Orleans Gun Pipeline Future of New Orleans Hurricane Katrina Mandina's Rising: Rebuilding an iconic New Orleans restaurant Data & Databases Back to Main Menu What You're Talking About Live Chats & Webcams Photo Contests Contests Mobile Apps RSS Feeds Newsletters Contact a Reporter Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Local Grocery Ads Special Sections Local Ads Lagniappe Back to Main Menu News Photos Sports Photos Entertainment Photos Mardi Gras photos Featured Galleries Your Photos Contact a Photographer Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Follow us on Instagram Add us on Snapchat Back to Main Menu The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search NOLA.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NOLA.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Greater New Orleans Change Region comments Former Saints great Marques Colston finds his new passion in the tech world IMG_2033.JPG Former New Orleans Saints great Marques Colston speaks at last week's Collision tech conference at the Morial Convention Center. (Larry Holder, NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune) Print Email Larry Holder, NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune By Larry Holder, NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune The Times-Picayune Email the author | Follow on Twitter on May 09, 2017 at 1:00 PM, updated May 09, 2017 at 9:07 PM comments Former New Orleans Saints wide receiver Marques Colston geeks out about an HBO series. There's nothing abnormal about that. You would imagine a 10-year NFL veteran playing an ultra-aggressive sport fancies "Game of Thrones" or "Rome." Mets pitcher Noah Syndergaard's HBO show fandom surrounds "Game of Thrones" so much that he'll make a cameo appearance in the series' next season. Guts, gore, sex and violence. It screams of testosterone. It screams for the attention of say, an NFL player. But nope, that's not Colston's fascination. Well, maybe "The Sopranos" or "The Wire." Or possibly since he stands tall as the Saints' all-time greatest receiver, maybe he most enjoys "Treme," given he's essentially a New Orleans native. You're still way off. "I love that show 'Silicon Valley,'" Colston said. "That show cracks me up." "Silicon Valley?" The show about eccentric tech nerds trying to build their own imperial niche named "Pied Piper" against other computer pantheons? This sharp-dressed multi-millionaire who would be mistaken for a male model 99 times out of 100 now desires to become the chief operating officer of his own highly sophisticated tech company. Forget playbooks. Colston digs the coders of the world these days. He walked into a real-life episode of "Silicon Valley" last week in New Orleans. The former Saints receiver opened Day 2 of Collision, which deems itself as "America's fastest growing tech conference," as a panelist speaking about a program encouraging NFL players to dive smartly into the tech world. Everything about the conference at the Morial Convention Center fascinated Colston, especially the remote-controlled robot serving as a mobile information booth that cut between the two of us during our interview. "It definitely consumes me," Colston said. "It's something I'm passionate about and has a lot of parallels to what I've done as a player. The thing that I'm always leery of is the time management. Make sure there's enough time for my family and not burning the candle at both ends. But it's my passion and it consumes me." Former Saints wideout Marques Colston speaks on a panel at last week's Collision tech conference at the Morial Convention Center.Larry Holder, NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune  You can't take the pro athlete out of Colston when it comes to the tech world, though. He's trying to combine his experience from playing to the sports tech world. It seems like it's starting to come together. Colston, former NFL player Isaiah Kacyvenski and the NFLPA's Ahmad Nassar opened the main stage at Day 2 of Collision about a program for current or former NFL players to hop into sports tech with the OneTeam Collective. The founding partners of OneTeam include the NFLPA, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, Madrona Venture Group, BlackRock, Intel Corporation, the Harvard Innovation Lab, Sports Innovation Lab and LeadDog Marketing Group. We're talking some heavy hitters here. And Colston is one of seven current or former NFL players on the athlete advisory board for OneTeam. OneTeam recently landed its first deal with WHOOP, which is described as "a wearable technology company, providing NFL players easy access to, ownership of, and the option to commercialize their health data." What drew Colston into this complicated realm after football? "Honestly, injuries," Colston said. "I got to a point, and you probably know better than most, I was banged up for a lot of the first half of my career. In 2012, it got to a point where I wanted to start being more proactive rather than reactive to injuries. I just kind of started looking at alternative solutions out there. It kind of led me into this space. "I fell in love with it ever since." Colston has become a sports tech sponge. He wants to learn more each day, apply it to his own entrepreneurial ventures within this industry and then pay it forward to other athletes interested in his new passion. The former Saints receiver said he never dives into a new project without doing his research. He likened it to being an NFL free agent: "You do all of your homework to make sure that's the best fit for you. It's no different." Smartly, Colston has stuck primarily to the sports side of Silicon Valley. He feels like he has one side of the equation covered having played at the highest of levels in the NFL for a decade. Also part of his new world is learning how not to fall for everything thrown his way. "You can carve out a way that everyone can be the next 'big thing,'" Colston said. "It's really about educating yourself around the business side and maybe less about the product. It's doing your due diligence and figuring out the product-market fit. All of these things that just come with experience. And to be honest, part of that process is what led me into the consulting side. I can get involved in a little more high touch with less risk." Colston added: "I'd like to say that I'm grinding the same way (as football), but just from the neck up." Syndergaard can have the King of the North. Colston would rather be the King of the Sports Tech Nerds. 2017 Saints free agency tracker Who's gone, who's back and who's new Follow us New Orleans Saints on NOLA.com SaintsNOW on Twitter Most Read Join the conversation New Orleans Saints © 2013 STATS LLC. All rights reserved. Standings Schedule Players Standings Schedule Players saints newsletter All Saints, all the time. Get pre- and post-game analysis, injury reports, photos, videos and more. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for signing up! Please check your inbox, and approve the verification email. If you dont' see it, check you spam folder. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us About NOLA.com About NOLA Media Group Community Rules Content Partners Advertise with us Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Connect with the Newsroom Blog for Us Careers Submit a Correction The Times-Picayune Subscribe TP electronic edition eNewsletters Breaking news text alerts Report a wet or missing paper Make a payment, manage your account RSS Times-Picayune Store Legal notices NOLA.com Sections News Sports Entertainment Opinions Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages New Orleans St. Bernard East Jefferson West Bank Northshore/St. Tammany Plaquemines River Parishes Baton Rouge Mobile Mobile Apps | Mobile FAQ More on NOLA.com Videos Weather Webcams/Live! Site Map Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Post a job From MardiGras.com Mardi Gras news Mardi Gras parade schedule Mardi Gras events Mardi Gras history Mardi Gras photos & video Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 NOLA Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of NOLA Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Avnet’s Team of IoT Experts to Present at IoT World 2017 PHOENIX–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Avnet (NYSE: AVT), a leading global technology distributor, will share its IoT industry knowledge and expertise throughout Internet of Things World next week at the Santa Clara Convention Center. Executives representing Avnet’s leading team of IoT experts will share insights on how companies of all sizes can design, supply, build and deliver IoT products anywhere in the world. The conference kicks off on May 16 with a keynote from Lou Lutostanski, Avnet’s vice president, Internet of Things. “Bringing an IoT solution to market requires careful planning, unique insights into product design, and global scale and scope. Without these things, an idea will remain just an idea. Whether you are an individual maker or a design engineer for a large multinational company, you need a strategy to take your product through each stage of the product lifecycle,” Lutostanski said. “Avnet’s presence as the title sponsor of this year’s IoT World reflects our longstanding commitment to guide customers from an idea, all the way through production and distribution anywhere in the world.” Avnet’s IoT experts will present during the following sessions: “Aligning your IoT Strategy: Where to Start?” – Tuesday, May 16 at 9:20 a.m. PDT Lou Lutostanski, Avnet’s vice president of Internet of Things, will deliver the opening keynote at IoT World, focusing on the complex IoT ecosystem and the intricacies surrounding the design and development of IoT solutions. Whether you are designing a device or implementing a full end-to-end IoT solution, Lutostanski will discuss where you fit and how to adapt your business with IoT technology to create a more competitive advantage in the industry. “The New Age of Industrial IoT” – Tuesday, May 16 at 1:20 p.m. PDT Philippe Fremont, Avnet Silica’s vice president of technical marketing, will participate in a keynote panel discussion examining IoT applications across a wide range of industries, such as manufacturing and utilities, as well as the cost-savings of industrial IoT and challenges in upgrading infrastructure to be connected and intelligent. “IoT Security – Real Problems and Solutions” – Wednesday, May 17 at 1:40 p.m. PDT Michael Lamp, Avnet’s director of IoT solutions, will give a 20-minute presentation on issues relating to IoT security, the challenges companies experience in securing their devices and data, and solutions for the next several years. “Impacts of Disruptive IoT Trends on Supply Chain and Logistics” – Wednesday, May 17 at 4:50 p.m. PDT Wade McDaniel, vice president, solutions architecture for Avnet Velocity, will join a panel to discuss how IoT impacts the supply chain and disrupts logistics, including the complexities of assembling an IoT supply chain solution when multiple providers and vendors are involved, and how contracts, performance metrics, and responsibilities are shared and performed. Avnet’s participation at IoT World 2017 underscores the company’s growth strategy in IoT. This includes Avnet’s acquisitions of Premier Farnell’s element 14 community, a digital platform that includes 430,000 members in 36 countries, and Hackster.io, an online community that helps users across the globe learn how to design, create and program Internet-connected hardware. These efforts and others have expanded Avnet’s reach to include large, new audiences of engineers, innovators and entrepreneurs.  In addition, Avnet continues to partner with companies like AT&T, IBM and Intel to maximize its development of IoT solutions. Follow Avnet on Twitter: @Avnet Connect with Avnet on LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/avnet Connect with Avnet on Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/AvnetInc All brands and trade names are trademarks or registered trademarks, and are the properties of their respective owners. Avnet disclaims any proprietary interest in marks other than its own. About Avnet From idea to design and from prototype to production, Avnet supports customers at each stage of a product’s lifecycle. A comprehensive portfolio of design and supply chain services makes Avnet the go-to guide for innovators who set the pace for technological change. For nearly a century, Avnet has helped its customers and suppliers around the world realize the transformative possibilities of technology. Learn more about Avnet at: www.avnet.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious CORRECTING and REPLACING PHOTO Smartphone VR: Samsung’s Gear VR to Retain Lead in 2017 as Google’s Daydream Platform Emerges, IHS Markit Says Next PostNext Cyclopentanone Market Growth Opportunities, Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Geographic Segmentation & Competitive Landscape Report to 2021 Search Recent Posts Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Industrial valves Market Worldwide: Latest Industry Trends, Trades, Supply, Demand, Future prospects by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Avnet’s Team of IoT Experts to Present at IoT World 2017 Avnet is the title sponsor of IoT World 2017 in Santa Clara, Calif. (Graphic: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Avnet is the title sponsor of IoT World 2017 in Santa Clara, Calif. (Graphic: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Small Preview Thumbnail May 09, 2017 01:09 PM Eastern Daylight Time PHOENIX--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Avnet (NYSE: AVT), a leading global technology distributor, will share its IoT industry knowledge and expertise throughout Internet of Things World next week at the Santa Clara Convention Center. Executives representing Avnet’s leading team of IoT experts will share insights on how companies of all sizes can design, supply, build and deliver IoT products anywhere in the world. The conference kicks off on May 16 with a keynote from Lou Lutostanski, Avnet’s vice president, Internet of Things. “Bringing an IoT solution to market requires careful planning, unique insights into product design, and global scale and scope. Without these things, an idea will remain just an idea. Whether you are an individual maker or a design engineer for a large multinational company, you need a strategy to take your product through each stage of the product lifecycle,” Lutostanski said. “Avnet’s presence as the title sponsor of this year’s IoT World reflects our longstanding commitment to guide customers from an idea, all the way through production and distribution anywhere in the world.” Avnet’s IoT experts will present during the following sessions: “Aligning your IoT Strategy: Where to Start?” – Tuesday, May 16 at 9:20 a.m. PDT Lou Lutostanski, Avnet’s vice president of Internet of Things, will deliver the opening keynote at IoT World, focusing on the complex IoT ecosystem and the intricacies surrounding the design and development of IoT solutions. Whether you are designing a device or implementing a full end-to-end IoT solution, Lutostanski will discuss where you fit and how to adapt your business with IoT technology to create a more competitive advantage in the industry. “The New Age of Industrial IoT” – Tuesday, May 16 at 1:20 p.m. PDT Philippe Fremont, Avnet Silica’s vice president of technical marketing, will participate in a keynote panel discussion examining IoT applications across a wide range of industries, such as manufacturing and utilities, as well as the cost-savings of industrial IoT and challenges in upgrading infrastructure to be connected and intelligent. “IoT Security – Real Problems and Solutions” – Wednesday, May 17 at 1:40 p.m. PDT Michael Lamp, Avnet’s director of IoT solutions, will give a 20-minute presentation on issues relating to IoT security, the challenges companies experience in securing their devices and data, and solutions for the next several years. “Impacts of Disruptive IoT Trends on Supply Chain and Logistics” – Wednesday, May 17 at 4:50 p.m. PDT Wade McDaniel, vice president, solutions architecture for Avnet Velocity, will join a panel to discuss how IoT impacts the supply chain and disrupts logistics, including the complexities of assembling an IoT supply chain solution when multiple providers and vendors are involved, and how contracts, performance metrics, and responsibilities are shared and performed. Avnet’s participation at IoT World 2017 underscores the company’s growth strategy in IoT. This includes Avnet’s acquisitions of Premier Farnell’s element 14 community, a digital platform that includes 430,000 members in 36 countries, and Hackster.io, an online community that helps users across the globe learn how to design, create and program Internet-connected hardware. These efforts and others have expanded Avnet’s reach to include large, new audiences of engineers, innovators and entrepreneurs.  In addition, Avnet continues to partner with companies like AT&T, IBM and Intel to maximize its development of IoT solutions. Follow Avnet on Twitter: @Avnet Connect with Avnet on LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/avnet Connect with Avnet on Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/AvnetInc All brands and trade names are trademarks or registered trademarks, and are the properties of their respective owners. Avnet disclaims any proprietary interest in marks other than its own. About Avnet From idea to design and from prototype to production, Avnet supports customers at each stage of a product’s lifecycle. A comprehensive portfolio of design and supply chain services makes Avnet the go-to guide for innovators who set the pace for technological change. For nearly a century, Avnet has helped its customers and suppliers around the world realize the transformative possibilities of technology. Learn more about Avnet at: www.avnet.com. Contacts Avnet Maureen O’Leary, 480-643-7499 Maureen.OLeary@avnet.com or Brodeur Partners Jamie Ernst, 480-308-0286 jernst@brodeur.com Release Summary Executives representing Avnet’s leading team of IoT experts will share their IoT industry knowledge and expertise throughout Internet of Things World next week at the Santa Clara Convention Center. #Hashtags #lifecycyle #supplychain #engineers #design #IoT #logistics #industrialIOT #makers #technology #IIOT #components #security $Cashtags $AVT Social Media Profiles Facebook account for Avnet Inc. Twitter account for Avnet Inc. LinkedIn account for Avnet Inc. Contacts Avnet Maureen O’Leary, 480-643-7499 Maureen.OLeary@avnet.com or Brodeur Partners Jamie Ernst, 480-308-0286 jernst@brodeur.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
M³ CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH DSL inventor's latest science project: terabit speeds over copper Nvidia's profits so far this year are GPU-ge ServiceNow's new CEO thinks IT can spare us from corporate re-orgs NetApp and Cisco are pumping mad dollar into data protection startup OpenWRT and LEDE agree on LInux-for-routers peace plan Microsoft's .NET-mare for developers: ASP.NET Core 2.0 won't work on Windows-only .NET HPE dumps Grandpa Software in Micro Focus care home, hightails it Take a sneak peek at Google's Android replacement, Fuchsia Android O-mg. Google won't kill screen hijack nasties on Android 6, 7 until the summer FBI boss James Comey was probing Trump's team for Russia links. You're fired, says Donald It's 2017 and Windows PCs are being owned by EPS files, webpages Just so we're all clear on this: Russia hacked the French elections, US Republicans and Dems Partners? With them? No way, says HPE of Nutanix How do ransomware scum decide what to charge you? The Big Mac index Are you ready to transform? Have we got a new, hip compound IT phrase for you! Enter... UserDev Continuous Lifecycle: Just 30 conference tickets left Servers as pets or cattle was 2012. Now it's McMansions or Hotels CLL Countdown: Doors open in 11 days, places limited Don't waste your energy on Docker, it says here – wait, that can't be right... Policy The Channel European Patent Office dragged to human rights court – by its own staff IBM freezes contractor hires to keep full-time workers fully occupied Infosec, e-health, Vets' Affairs scoop up cash in Oz federal budget Microsoft distie Entatech goes TITSUP On today's a-gender: Axing net neutrality will harm America's women, say women senators Amazon announces new Echo just as Microsoft's first Cortana-powered clone breaks cover Opposable thumbs make tablets more useful says Microsoft Research What's your worst nightmare? A Comcast, Charter cellphone network? Oh, it's coming SPB Geek's Guide CERN ready to test an EVEN BIGGER gun Comet 67P's oxygen could be a breath of fresh air America's mystery X-37B space drone lands after two years in orbit Curiosity Rover's drill is ill. But chill: we can dig Martian sand instead of rocking hard Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Rich professionals could be replaced by AI, shrieks Gartner French drone bods Parrot wheel out 'prosumer' division Sorry, Dave, I can't code that: AI's prejudice problem Facebook is abusive. It's time to divorce it Verity Stob $6,000 for tours of apocalyptic post-Brexit London? WTF, NYT? Fake ruse: USA Today calls the FBI after half of its 15m Facebook Likes turn out to be bogus Italian F-35 facility rolls out its first STOVL stealth fighter We are 'heroes,' says police chief whose force frisked a photographer 3 Business The Channel Microsoft distie Entatech goes TITSUP KPMG appointed to pick over bones of Midlands-based biz 9 May 2017 at 17:13, Paul Kunert The loss of contracts with strategic vendors and the subsequent decline in sales forced components distributor Entatech to call in administrative receivers, The Reg can confirm. Insolvency practitioners Chris Pole and Mark Orton from KPMG were appointed on 8 May, and now face the task of "exploring" what seem like limited options for an IT generalist that didn’t have scale to compete in the wholesaling big leagues. “Entatech has been affected by difficult trading conditions for some time,” said Pole in a statement sent to us. “Following a change in ownership and attempts to restructure the business, the loss of key contracts and declining sales has led to a significant drain on the company’s financial situation. This ultimately led to the directors taking the difficult decision to place it in administration.” Midlands-based Entatech was founded by Jason Tsai some 25 years ago. He left in 2013, following a legal battle he lost to HMRC over missing trader fraud, AKA the VAT carousel, and sold parts of the company to tech sales veteran Dave Stevinson. Stevinson tried - with the help of Dabs founder Dave Atherton - to turn around Entatech’s fortunes but was hindered by the loss of its two largest franchises, Fujitsu and Swan. Vendors still on its books included Microsoft and Intel. Nervousness grew about the future of Enta and credit insurers began to reduce lines in 2016. According to reports, a buyer was sought for the business as recently as 5 May but a deal could not be agreed. KPMG confirmed it has made 50 staff redundant and retained 29 as it continued to “explore options to sell the business”. “We are currently reviewing options for Entatech and we would encourage anybody who may be interested to contact the joint administrators as soon as possible,” KPMG added. Entatech, which had four divisions selling PC components and gaming; systems and peripherals; software; and networking/ connected home gear; turned over £103.2m in the year ended 29 February 2016, down 12 per cent on the prior financial year. Losses narrowed to £1.08m from £1.7m. Stevinson was unavailable to comment. ® Tips and corrections 3 Comments Sign up to our Newsletter Get IT in your inbox daily Subscribe More from The Register Fujitsu UK calls time on Entatech distie deal Gives Arrow and Ingram stay of execution to brush up on vital stats All change at top of distie EntaTech as veep Atherton splits 22 years on the job enough for any man... tech vet Stevison gets call Dabs founder Dave Atherton returns to techland Channel legend is back as chairman of Entatech 4 Comments ENTA founder Tsai gets banhammer as company director for 13 years Lucky for some, but not this guy after missing trader scam 5 Comments Atherton quits Exertis after ten months But like a Brummie Arnie Schwarzenegger warns, 'I'll be back... in the channel' Centerprise International recruits channel vet to apply commercial balm Jon Atherton bags directorship at Basingstoke-based tech supplier Whitepapers Mobile App Security Program Management Handbook Whether you are starting from square one with a mobile app security initiative, have ad-hoc tasks you want to consolidate, or just want to improve an existing program. Preparing for Private Cloud and Hybrid IT with Red Hat Cloud Infrastructure IT organizations continue to run many of their traditional apps on premise, moving to private cloud, while using public shared cloud for selected “other” workloads. Next Generation Firewall Test Report Read the report for details on its stellar performance across different attack types and low total cost of ownership. Evaluation Guide for Mobile App Security Testing What do you need to look for when identifying, evaluating, and implementing mobile app security testing solutions? Most read Facebook is abusive. It's time to divorce it 'Crazy bad' bug in Microsoft's Windows malware scanner can be used to install malware Oracle fires Java warning at IBM and Red Hat US Air Force networks F-15 and F-22 fighters – in flight! IBM: Customer visit costing £75 in travel? Kill it with extreme prejudice Spotlight It's a question worth asking: Why is the FCC boss being such a jerk? Come celebrate World Hypocrisy Day British government has bought a £200m 5G 'academic wet dream' Regulate This! Time to subject algorithms to our laws Deeming Facebook a 'publisher' of users' posts won't tackle paedo or terrorist content How their GDPR ignorance could protect you from your denial Speaking in Tech: Verizon, Comcast and AT&T... Trust us, we won't sell you out First the Rise of the Machines, now this: UK military's Exercise Information Warrior Sponsored links Get The Register's Headlines in your inbox daily - quick signup! Moving to the Cloud? Get a quote on selling IT. Get your cash back. About us Who we are Under the hood Contact us Advertise with us More content Week’s headlines Top 20 stories Alerts Whitepapers Situation Publishing The Next Platform Continuous Lifecycle London M-cubed Webinars The Register - Independent news, views and opinion for the tech sector. Part of Situation Publishing Sign up to our Newsletters Join our daily or weekly newsletters, subscribe to a specific section or set News alerts Subscribe Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Cookies Privacy Ts&Cs
CBS News Logo News Latest US World Politics Entertainment Health MoneyWatch SciTech Crime Sports Shows Video More In Depth Photos Mobile Radio Local Shop Log In CBSN By Ben Fox Rubin CNET May 9, 2017, 12:43 PM Can this army think tank save us from a dark digital future? At the ACI's AR and VR lab. Ben Fox Rubin/CNET Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email There's not a whole lot for Mike to do most days. Thanks to a trusty artificial intelligence platform, he can kick his feet up and let the machine handle the logistics work at his Brooklyn distribution company. But today is different. Today the AI system gets hit with a flood of requests as if everyone in Manhattan simultaneously ran out of milk. The network is so slammed that workers at the nearby port in Red Hook switch to random manual scans of incoming containers, since several scanners are down. Just as Mike senses something's wrong, a dirty bomb explodes close by. Scores are killed. The bomb, it ends up, snuck through thanks to a terrorist-controlled botnet made up of millions of smart refrigerators that all started crying for milk. We were undone by our fridges. That story, predicting a cyberattack in 2025, wasn't created by a sci-fi author. The U.S. Army whipped up this tale to prevent attacks like it from ever happening. It's one example of an idea called "threatcasting," which tries to anticipate and influence the world 10 years from now. The concept is being developed by the Army Cyber Institute at West Point, a new military think tank created to study the not-too-distant future of cyberspace. Threatcasting and the institute are part of a broader effort by the military to prepare for a tech-stuffed future when even a toothpick may have an internet connection.  Play Video CBS Evening News Despite last-minute news of hack, Emmanuel Macron elected as president of France Emmanuel Macron was elected president of France in a race that brought comparisons to the U.S. election. Days before voters went to the polls, a ... That future could allow cyberattacks to evolve from the mostly digital sphere into destabilizing physical attacks and informational warfare, similar to the hacks during the US and French presidential elections. Smart home hijacks? Economy-busting disinformation campaigns? Spam advertising hacks on connected contact lens? Sure, it's all possible, and the Cyber Institute is thinking up these sometimes terrifying, sometimes oddball ideas in hopes of keeping those concepts in the realm of "Mr. Robot" and "Black Mirror." "Part of what we do with threatcasting, you're trying to put yourself into what the attack surface will look like in 10 years," Colonel Andrew O. Hall, the think tank's director, told me. "Because we know the attack surface is going to be huge." Full Metal HoloLens I'm sitting across from Hall in his office at a circular wooden table decorated with dozens of commemorative military coins under glass. We're in a drab, 1960s-era brick building called Spellman Hall just outside of the imposing grey stone arches of the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, in upstate New York, where many of the institute's staff teach. Hall, wearing a crisp blue service uniform and shiny black shoes, filled his office with memorabilia of his past lives. On the windowsill, he keeps two combat helmets, one from his time during the war in Iraq. His bookcases are lined with math and military textbooks — "Statistical Techniques for Manpower Planning," "Adventures in Stochastic Processes" — that he's collected since his graduate degree studies in applied math and operations management. His desk also has a Pikachu mug on it — he's a big Pokémon fan. The roughly 50-person think tank, a tiny piece of the government's vast cyber defense resources, was created five years ago to study cyber warfare and build new military partnerships with universities and companies. The ACI also houses several labs, including an "internet of things" space jammed with smart home devices and a virtual reality and augmented reality lab where workers can test military applications for the Microsoft HoloLens and View-Master VR headset (yes, the one for kids). "We're trying to ask and answer the questions that others would not necessarily be thinking about," Hall said. Colonel Hall discussing our cyber future. Nic Henry/CNET Which get us back to threatcasting. The idea can be used to look at the futures we want and the futures we want to avoid, then reverse-engineering from there to determine what we'd need to do today. In a measured, earnest tone that belied the sci-fi nature of the subject, Hall discusses some of the concepts the institute is noodling as part of its threatcasting project. He talks about hijacking a personal-care robot to harm its owner, or hacking a dam, causing catastrophic damage. He also touched on autonomous war drones coordinating with tanks and bionic warriors working with teams of 10 to 15 robot soldiers. A little surprised, I asked him: "That's really the conversations you're having here?" "That's definitely what some people would consider sci-fi," Hall responded. "When you think about where we could be 10 years from now, most people don't think that we will have cyborg soldiers, but we may... We definitely have to think about it before we can even count on it happening or discount it." Science fiction prototyping Threatcasting first developed eight years ago with the help of Brian David Johnson, Intel's first futurist who's now Arizona State University's futurist in residence. Johnson adapted the concept from "futurecasting," a similar idea he's used for more than two decades to help tech companies he's worked for anticipate technological changes just over the horizon. "Everybody always thinks the future is set. They'll ask me, 'How do I prepare for the future?'" Johnson told me on a call a few weeks ago. "I've spent my entire career telling people the future is built by people, the actions of people. So you have to take action. If you don't, you're ceding control." He started working on threatcasting with the US Air Force Academy nearly a decade ago and took the concept a step further by opening the ASU Threatcasting Lab to manage the ACI project. Play Video CBSN Cyber experts say Russian operatives have spread fake news for years During a Senate Intelligence Committee hearing, experts said Russia's intricate cyber warfare tactics have been ongoing for years. CBS News justi... Back at West Point, I spoke with Major Natalie Vanatta, the ACI's deputy chief of research and Johnson's counterpart at the think tank. Sitting at a mock living room set up at the internet of things lab, she wore a typical West Point garb of Army fatigues and combat boots. The ACI and ASU, she said, plan to host two threatcasting workshops every year with academics, military personnel, policy makers, and business leaders to come up with dozens of future scenarios like Mike's untimely death in Brooklyn. Those futures will then be compiled to find trends and work out actions the government and businesses can take. The point of making these scenarios into specific stories, something called "science fiction prototyping," is to make them more approachable to anyone, not just technologists or military staff. The first of these workshops was held last August at West Point, and a second just wrapped up earlier this month in Arizona. The Marine Corps Warfighting Lab hosted similar exercise last year with sci-fi writers that looks even further into the future. The intent is to "start a larger conversation and create a public body of knowledge in this space as we work through what some of these challenges might be," Vanatta said. "Because let's be honest, the challenges the Army is going to face on the cyber or the digital domain are going to affect the nation too and everybody else." Cyber Pearl Harbor Are you still skeptical? You're not alone. Dmitri Alperovitch, co-founder and chief technology officer of cybersecurity firm Crowdstrike, applauded the mission of the ACI but questioned the viability of threatcasting. He noted that the potential of a "Cyber Pearl Harbor" has been bandied about in his industry for the past 25 years, but it's never happened. "A lot of these threats that are real and we've seen for so many years," he said, referring to data hacks, "we're continuing to ignore and focusing on the sexy new ones that may never come." Chase Cunningham, a Forrester security analyst and Navy veteran, offered another concern. "The nature of the threat changes so fast," he said, "trying to forecast any further than a couple years is like throwing darts at a wall." Vanatta and Johnson say threatcasting is nothing like staring into a crystal ball. The ACI's work is fluid, with forecasts changing depending on new events and whether certain mile markers set by researchers come along. If one idea becomes more plausible, then that will gain more focus. "These threats are never going to go away completely, but what we're trying to do is to start taking action," Johnson said. All these folks would agree that, if anything, the future is hard to predict. It's probably even harder to notice a catastrophe was averted thanks to forecasting and preplanning years in advance. So it's possible the ACI will someday prevent some digital disaster, and no one, including the think tank itself, will know it did. Virtual reality 101: CNET tells you everything you need to know about VR. Does the Mac still matter? Apple execs tell why the MacBook Pro was over four years in the making, and why we should care. This article originally appeared on CNET. © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc.. All Rights Reserved. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in SciTech 25 years of breathtaking Hubble Telescope images Since it was launched in 1990, the Hubble Space Telescope has sent us breathtaking images back from the deepest corners of space 11 species threatened by climate change As the world warms, many plants and animals are struggling to adapt Popular CBSN Live pop-out From 60 Minutes Theo and Joe 4342 Views Deported 1494 Views The Nuremberg Prosecutor 1131 Views When Ben Ferencz met Marlene Dietrich 742 Views A family in crisis rethinks the president they chose 274 Views Play Video Deported Play Video The Nuremberg Prosecutor Play Video Theo and Joe Play Video Trump fires Comey Play Video Comey's record Play Video Why was Comey fired? Play Video Nuke site emergency Play Video Troops in Afghanistan Play Video Cancellations fuel brawl Previous Next 41 Photos 2017 MTV Movie & TV Awards highlights 46 Photos 2017 MTV Movie & TV Awards red carpet 18 Photos The art of Marc Chagall 42 Photos 2017 Kentucky Derby 42 Photos Diane Lane Previous Next Most Discussed Trump fires FBI Director James Comey Yates: I warned W.H. that Flynn could be blackmailed GOP rep: "Nobody dies" from not having health care GOP narrowly passes Obamacare replacement bill Emmanuel Macron becomes France's youngest president New Fire TV App CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Search Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved.
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Marketfy Benzinga Pro Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Bank Of America Likes Intel, Advanced Micro Devices; Keep An Eye On Analyst Day Jayson Derrick , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} May 09, 2017 12:27pm   Comments Share: Related AMD Signs The Desktop GPU Market Is Oversaturated Keep Analyst Underweight On Nvidia Earnings Preview: NVDA Reports First-Quarter Results Tomorrow Insight Capital Research & Management Inc Buys RealPage Inc, Wix. ... (GuruFocus) Related INTC Earnings Preview: NVDA Reports First-Quarter Results Tomorrow Here's How Trump's Tax Plan Could Impact 8 Of The Largest US Tech Giants Vivek Arya of Bank of America provided an update on semiconductor stocks under his coverage. Here is a summary of some of the analyst's findings during the first quarter. Better Pricing But Lower PC Units PC microprocessor chip units fell 10 percent quarter-over-quarter and down 3 percent year-over-year. Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMD) and overall PC average selling prices were up 17 percent quarter-over-quarter and 7 percent year-over-year, driven partially by the new Ryzen product. Intel Corporation (NASDAQ: INTC)'s PC client unit share remained roughly steady at 91 percent while AMD's also remained steady at 9 percent. PC MPU First quarter PC client (desktop and notebook) MPU shipments fell 3.4 percent year-over-year. PC inventories remain "mostly in check" as total PC client MPU shipments fell 10.1 percent in the quarter, which was in line with seasonal trends. PC client unit share between Intel (91.4 percent) and AMD (8.6 percent) also remained unchanged in the quarter. AMD did gain 150 basis points of share in desktop but this was offset by Intel's gain in notebooks. A Closer Look At Ryzen The analyst's research concluded that AMD shipped 307,000 Ryzen units in the quarter, of which 76 percent were high-end products. Ryzen also sold at ASP of $248, which implies $76 million in Ryzen-related revenues in the quarter. Overall, Ryzen contributed a 20 percent improvement in AMD's total MPU ASP. Game Consoles Arya further noted AMD's semi-custom unit shipments allocated toward game consoles fell 24 percent quarter-over-quarter but did grow 2 percent from a year ago. AMD likely benefited from the tail-end of the PlayStation VR/PS4 Pro and an Xbox console ramp, which started in the third quarter. Stock Recommendations AMD remains Buy rated with a $16.50 price target as the company could report operating margins "well above" the Street's expectations from new product launches. Also, the company's upcoming analyst day on May 16 could prove to be the next catalyst for the stock. Intel remains Buy rated with a $42 price target as the company's future is less exposed to the PC market and better positioned to benefit from faster growing and profitable segments such as cloud computing, 3D memory, Internet of Things and software markets. Related Links: Goldman Analyst Was Spot On With His Bearish Advanced Micro Devices Thesis, Sees Further Downside Bank Of America: AMD, Cavium And Cypress Could All See 50% Upside Latest Ratings for AMD Date Firm Action From To May 2017 Macquarie Downgrades Neutral Underperform Apr 2017 Goldman Sachs Initiates Coverage On Sell Mar 2017 Macquarie Initiates Coverage On Neutral View More Analyst Ratings for AMD View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Analyst Color Long Ideas News Previews Reiteration Events Analyst Ratings Tech Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (INTC + AMD) Signs The Desktop GPU Market Is Oversaturated Keep Analyst Underweight On Nvidia Earnings Preview: NVDA Reports First-Quarter Results Tomorrow Sentiment Remains Soft On Nvidia Benzinga's Bulls And Bears For The Past Week: Semiconductors And Warren Buffett Here's How Trump's Tax Plan Could Impact 8 Of The Largest US Tech Giants AMD Bulls Eat For A Year, Starve In A Day View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on AMD Trending Recent 1 ARRY, VTTI: 20 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 BRK-B, BRK-A: Jim Cramer On IBM's Future After Buffett Cut Stake 3 AKAO, ODP: 25 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 4 P, BDC: 10 Stocks To Watch For May 8, 2017 5 HTZ, P: Earnings Scheduled For May 8, 2017 6 ANTM, GM: One Year Later: A Look At The... 7 FB, SNAP: Snap Inc Suffering Fr... 1 JOUT, NEON: Mid-Day Market Update: TravelCenters Drops After Q1 Results; Wayfair S... 2 HTZ: Here's What Really Matters For Hertz 3 SGYP: Synergy Scores Again: Trulance Product Meets Phase 3 Endpoints... 4 P: Pandora Pounded After Q1 Miss And Lower Guidance 5 MEET: What To Make Of Meet Group's 'Conservative'... 6 FIVE: Fidget Toys' Impact On Five Below Sales Is Just G... 7 W: Wayfair Surges 20% Higher After Q1 Beat View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog Syndication In the News Careers Service Status Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Bellicum Pharmaceuticals Q1 Miss Doesn't Matter, As Long As Pipeline Remains On Track
Place an advert Buy a photo Plus Rewards Puzzles Like us Follow us Login Register  ° Site Search Phrase News Sport What's On Jobs Property Motors Directory Notices Buy&Sell Dating Subscribe ALL Crime Emergency Services Transport Health Politics Business Education Jobs Notts' own Olympic hero throws backing behind UK Corporate Games By DanRobinson  |  Posted: May 09, 2017   0 COMMENTS   SHARES Helen Richardson-Walsh Notts' own Olympic hero throws backing behind UK Corporate Games X Share Tweet Share Pin It Email Copy link to paste in your message / Helen Richardson-Walsh Missing girl may be in Nottingham 1 Breaking news, travel and weather updates around Notts on... 1 Police launch investigation after boy, 16, is stabbed 1 Comments (0) Olympic hockey star Helen Richardson-Walsh has encouraged businesses to get involved with a multi-sport festival being hosted in Nottingham this summer. The four-time Olympian, who lives in West Bridgford, has been appointed sport patron of the 2017 UK Corporate Games. Taking place in various venues across the city from July 6 to 9, it will offer people of all abilities the chance to take part in numerous sports. Richardson-Walsh, who was a key member of the GB Ladies hockey team that won gold in Rio de Janeiro last summer, said: "I am delighted to be appointed as the sport patron for the 2017 UK Corporate Games. Read more: Olympic star Helen Richardson-Walsh on why Nottingham is a great place to live and work "Nottingham has played an important role in my life and it is wonderful news that the Games has been awarded to this great city this year. "I would encourage businesses of all types to participate as the Games will deliver benefits and opportunities for everyone involved. "I am looking forward to meeting all of the companies taking part over the weekend and wish them the best of luck." Businesses that will send teams for the event include Vodafone, Asda, Freeths, Lloyds Banking Group and Intel, and there is still a chance to sign up. Jobs latest: Find the latest vacancies in Nottingham here Activities include football, netball, badminton, tennis, softball, poker, go-karting, dragonboat racing and bowling. Games director Ben Sedgemore said: "We have been really pleased with the appetite of businesses to get involved this year and there is no doubt that Nottingham is an appealing destination. "The facilities are excellent, with top quality venues for our 23 sports and array of celebrations." Report this article Read more from Nottingham Post Most Recent Most Commented Missing girl may be in Nottingham Breaking news, travel and weather updates around Notts on... Police launch investigation after boy, 16, is stabbed Polish shopkeeper grew cannabis because he didn't think English... Half-hour robbery spree ends with more than 40 years in jail for... Drink-driver lashed out at 'feds' when she was caught Do you have something to say? Leave your comment here... max 4000 characters Comments Newest Oldest Best Rated YOUR COMMENTS AWAITING MODERATION Send me jobs by email Hot Jobs Specialist Production Instructors Salary : £22640 to £25225 p.a. Design Technology Technician Salary : £16,007 - £17,669 pa Trust Attendance Officer Salary : £18,141- £20,024 Practitioner Salary : Good Rates of Pay Learning Support Assistant Salary : £10,360 Business Development Manager Salary : £35,000 - £40,000 depending upon experience Bricklayer Salary : Good Rates of Pay & Price Work Mid Cornwall Community Maker Salary : £20,661 PANEL BEATER/ PREPPER  Salary : Competitive Customer Advisor Salary : £17,762 per annum Plumber/Plumbing and Heating Engineers Salary : £34,322 PAYE Experienced Tractor Driver/ Farm Worker Salary : Excellent rates of pay LGV DRIVERS Salary : Basic plus bonus Doctor's Receptionist Salary : TBC Pastoral Co-ordinator (PASCO) Salary : £21,921 - £24,313 pa (pro rata of full time on LG Band 6, Points 23-26) Sales Professional Salary : £15,360 per annum + Generous Tax Free Bonus - OTE 30K Controls Design Engineer Salary : Competitive Quantity Surveyor Salary : Salary will depend on experience Workshop Manager Salary : Competitive Learning and Behaviour mentor Salary : MPS/UPS (£22,467 – £38,250 per annum) Show your pictures Upload your pictures and share with the community! × Report Abuse Name * Email * What is the primary reason you are reporting this message as abusive? General Abuse Profanity Explicit Content Impersonation Harassment Libel Racial Abuse Religious Abuse Spam Private Information Additional Comments? Cancel Report Abuse Related Links News Animals Business Crime Editor's Choices Politics Jobs news Trending Shopping Nottingham Live Environment Emergency Services Transport Health Transport Education Entertainment Sport Boxing Cricket Football Mansfield Town Nottingham Forest Nottingham Panthers Notts CCC Notts County Other Sport Rugby More Advertise with us Community E-Edition Have Your Say Letters Corrections & Clarifications How to Complain Nottingham Live Online competitions Our promotions Picture galleries Video Weather Local Connections Bingo Buy a Photo Cars for sale Classified ads Dating Homes for sale Homes to rent Jobs Memoriams Notices Obituaries Public notices Local Businesses Shopping Estate Agents Restaurants Health and Beauty Hotels and Travel Sport and Leisure Hairdressers Pubs and Bars Attractions Services Tradesmen Business Services Motoring Builders and Construction Gardening Education Taxis & Vehicle Hire Legal Servces Plumbers Copyright © 2017 Local World. All Rights Reserved. Contact Us Privacy & Cookies Terms & Conditions House Rules
Latest News Dow 20,976 -36.50 -0.17% Nasdaq 6,121 +17.93 +0.29% S&P 500 2,397 -2.46 -0.10% 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.1% lower at 5,394.10 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens fractionally lower at 7,340.37 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens fractionally lower at 395.70 2:56 A.M. ET Updated The New York Times will take you on a tour and teach you all about Brexit for $6,000 2:50 A.M. ET Opinion The ECB should avoid the temptation to cancel QE 2:51 A.M. ET Eni profit jumps as oil prices rebound 2:50 A.M. ET Barratt sees 2017 profit at top end of views 2:49 A.M. ET AstraZeneca asthma drug misses primary endpoint 2:28 A.M. ET ITV maintains outlook even as revenue falls 2:27 A.M. ET U.K. regulator may probe Capita-Vodafone deal 2:27 A.M. ET BAE trading in line; backs 2017 guidance 2:26 A.M. ET AXA revenue nearly flat as revenue misses views 2:25 A.M. ET French Insurer AXA plans to list shares in U.S. 2:24 A.M. ET Suez confirms outlook at revenue rises 2:24 A.M. ET ING net profit slips, but pretax profit up 39% 2:22 A.M. ET Ahold Delhaize net sales rise 65% in first quarter 2:22 A.M. ET Germany posts record current-account surplus 1:23 A.M. ET Updated Oil prices get respite from selling after encouraging signals on U.S. supply 1:16 A.M. ET China consumer inflation edged up in April 12:09 A.M. ET Updated More than 40% of Americans won’t date a person who has this one financial problem Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Investing Stocks NewsWatch Get email alerts Job openings flat in March as economy took a breather By MarketWatch Published: May 9, 2017 12:00 p.m. ET Share By MarketWatch MARKETWATCH FRONT PAGE The number of job openings and hires were basically unchanged from February to March, but a measure of voluntary quits rose slightly, signaling workers think the labor market is healthier. See full story. How oil is setting up for a supply squeeze — giving bulls a reason to rejoice Russia is now on board with production cuts, which will buoy crude prices, writes Thomas H. Kee Jr. See full story. There’s a 20-year gap in life expectancy for people living in these parts of the U.S. This is where life expectancy is longest (and shortest) for Americans. See full story. Nvidia earnings: Can AI-powered businesses make up for gaming slowdown? Nvidia Corp. is expected to report Tuesday that its first-quarter earnings nearly doubled, but sales may show signs of deceleration as its videogame graphics division suffers competition from rivals such as Advanced Micro Devices Inc. and Intel Corp. See full story. With Mike Flynn’s Russia ties, it was a matter of following the money trail If Mike Flynn had taken his payments from Russia in gold coins instead of checks he probably would have gotten away with it. See full story. MARKETWATCH PERSONAL FINANCE The beauty company may have misjudged yet another ‘body positive’ advertisement. See full story. More from MarketWatch Barron's Buzz: Amazon Stock at 20: Now What? Rushing to pay back a large student loan? You may want to think again Yelp plummets as advertisers revolt Most Popular Yelp plummets as advertisers revolt Dying man claims he just borrowed $325K to go all-in on bitcoin amid record highs More than 40% of Americans won’t date a person who has this one financial problem Rushing to pay back a large student loan? You may want to think again Stealthy Home Security ‘Sees’ Without Cameras Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.47% 30 yr fixed 3.96% 15 yr fixed 3.15% 10 yr fixed 3.05% 30 yr fixed refi 3.94% 15 yr fixed refi 3.13% 5/1 ARM 3.22% 5/1 ARM refi 3.36% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.85% $50K HELOC 4.9% $75K HELOC 4.9% $100K HELOC 4.66% $30K Home Equity Loan 5.21% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.64% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.64% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.89% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.31% 2 yr CD 0.78% 1 yr CD 0.61% MMA $10K+ 0.28% MMA $50K+ 0.4% MMA Savings 0.32% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.42% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.08% 48 Mo Used Car 3.06% 36 Mo Used Car 3.31% 72 Mo New Car 2.95% 60 Mo New Car 3.22% 48 Mo New Car 3.1% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.89% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.64% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.70% 12.70% 12.00% Business 13.66% 13.66% 13.12% Student 13.92% 13.92% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.08% 15.08% 14.41% Airline 15.77% 15.77% 15.13% Reward 15.87% 15.87% 15.24% Cash Back 15.89% 15.89% 15.33% Instant Approval 18.28% 18.28% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.23% 23.23% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman OpenStack Live: Progressive Demos Show How Composable Open Infrastructure Accelerates Innovation BOSTON–(BUSINESS WIRE)–OpenStack Summit Boston –In a progressive series of live demonstrations at the OpenStack Summit Boston today, global IT leaders in the OpenStack ecosystem showed off powerful integrations between open source components and simultaneously deployed the CockroachDB cloud-native application on Kubernetes on top of OpenStack. The OpenStack Foundation also launched a new version of the Project Navigator featuring new project mascots, where users can learn more about OpenStack capabilities and explore popular reference architectures. Composable OpenStack Services: Ironic, Neutron and Cinder Mark Collier, COO of the OpenStack Foundation kicked off day two describing how OpenStack is composable, open infrastructure, meaning users can consume different pieces of OpenStack and combine them in useful ways with other open source technologies. “We want to break the myth that OpenStack is a monolith and you must consume every piece of it, because in fact OpenStack is a collection of robust services including storage, networking and identity that provide great value on their own,” Collier remarked. His keynote built upon last year’s push to encourage and facilitate cross-community collaboration and integration among open infrastructure and application technologies. Julia Kreger, developer advocate at IBM, demonstrated how to run the Ironic bare metal service along with Neutron networking service in a standalone context, which is an emerging use case. John Griffith, principal software engineer at NetApp, and Kendall Nelson, upstream developer advocate at the OpenStack Foundation, then demonstrated how to deploy the Cinder block storage service as an independent system using standard Docker tools in a matter of seconds. The demo showed how easy it is to leverage the maturity and vast number of backends provided by Cinder as a Kubernetes FlexVolume plugin. One Platform to Manage VMs, Containers and Bare Metal In addition to the emerging use case of standalone OpenStack services, many organizations find value in embracing the full suite of OpenStack services to run containers, virtual machines and bare metal together on a single network. Many OpenStack users are running container orchestration frameworks such as Kubernetes, Mesos and Swarm on OpenStack today in virtual machines or directly on the Ironic bare metal service. They benefit from consistent infrastructure APIs and the largest number of enterprise storage and networking backends. During the keynote, Jakub Pavlik, director of product engineering at Mirantis, demonstrated OpenStack’s interoperability with Kubernetes and ability to serve as one platform for bare metal, VMs, and containers. Pavlik deployed a big data application using Spark, Kafka and Hadoop Distributed File System on a common OpenContrail-powered network. Interoperability Challenge In a live demonstration on Tuesday, 15 global IT leaders in the OpenStack ecosystem simultaneously deployed Kubernetes on OpenStack clouds and used the container management tool to concurrently deploy a distributed CockroachDB database and NFV applications. The demonstration underscores OpenStack’s strength in facilitating application portability across a diversity of OpenStack public and private clouds. Participants in the Interoperability Challenge were Canonical, Deutsche Telekom, EasyStack, Huawei, IBM, NetApp, Platform9, Rackspace, Red Hat, SUSE, T2Cloud, VEXXHOST, VMware, Wind River and ZTE. “Last year, we challenged the OpenStack ecosystem to illustrate the value of common infrastructure by deploying the same unmodified application across multiple OpenStack environments in simultaneous demonstration at the Barcelona Summit,” said Brad Topol, IBM Distinguished Engineer and OpenStack Foundation Board Member. “With today’s Challenge, the OpenStack community has raised the bar substantially, showcasing interoperability with CockroachDB and Kubernetes. It shows both the community’s commitment to interoperability and to embracing innovation that works across different OpenStack clouds.” About OpenStack Summit Boston Thousands of participants from 60+ countries are attending OpenStack Summit Boston this week to discuss how to combine open source technologies including programmable infrastructure and container orchestration frameworks to deliver speed, agility and cost savings. Users from Bloomberg, China Mobile, Department of International Trade for the UK, Fidelity, Gap, Google, Harvard, MIT Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, US Army Cyber School and Verizon are speaking. Headline sponsors are Intel, Mirantis, Deutsche Telekom and Red Hat. Videos will be posted at https://www.openstack.org/videos/summits/boston-2017. About OpenStack® OpenStack is the most widely deployed software for public and private clouds, with more than 5 million compute cores in production. It has become a standard for private clouds and is also available via dozens of public cloud providers globally. At its core, OpenStack is an open source integration engine that provides APIs to orchestrate bare metal, virtual machine and container resources on a single network. The same OpenStack code powers a global network of public and private clouds backed by the largest ecosystem of technology providers, to enable cost savings, control and portability. OpenStack is a global community of more than 73,000 individuals across 185 countries supported by the OpenStack Foundation, which facilitates the development of many innovative projects in the open infrastructure space. The community delivers two software releases each year, which are Apache 2 licensed and productized by a large ecosystem of technology vendors in our Marketplace. For more information and to join the community, visit www.OpenStack.org. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious The Alliance for Regenerative Medicine Releases Agenda for Inaugural Cell & Gene Exchange Next PostNext Estradiol Market Forecast 2022: Global Key Manufactures, Challenges, Demand, Trend and Opportunities Search Recent Posts Amazon Selects Finalists to Compete at the Amazon Robotics Challenge Event in Japan This Summer Chesswood Reports First Quarter 2017 Results Grenville Strategic Royalty Announces $1,500,000 Royalty Agreement with ConnectAndSell, Inc. Peyto Announces Q1 2017 Results and Expands Brazeau Core Area Aberdeen Acquires Securities in Fura Gems Inc. RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Hot Topics DIS YELP Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Nvidia jumps by double digits on stellar Q1 report >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Market Insight, Financial Articles > Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech > New Amazon Echo Features a Touchscreen The device will come out in June May 9, 2017, 10:24 am EDT  |  By William White, InvestorPlace Writer Get AAPL alerts: Submit     Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) has announced a new Amazon Echo device that features a touchscreen. Source: Evan Blass (Twitter) The new Amazon Echo device with a touchscreen is called the “Echo Show”. The device has a 7-inch touchscreen on it that will allow owners to do a variety of things that they couldn’t with a normal Echo. The advantages of the new touchscreen on the Echo Show include being able to make video calls to friends and family that have the Alexa app. It can also be used to view security monitors in the home. Customers that use their Amazon Echo devices for musics can also have lyrics show up on the display. The Amazon Echo Show will be coming out on June 28, 2017. Customers can currently preorder the device, which costs $229.99. Ordering two of the Echo Show devices nets customers a $100 discount with a special code. Customers that want to order an Amazon Echo Show will have two color options to chose from: black and white. The device features dual 2 inch stereo speakers for better sound quality, a 5MP camera, and Intel Corporation’s (NASDAQ:INTC) Atom x5-Z8350 processor. The Amazon Echo Show also features all the smart home capabilities that made its predecessors popular. This means it can easily connect to different smart devices in the home and allow owners to control them with just their voice. The device can hear commands even as music is playing. Amazon Echo devices have proved popular enough that Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG,GOOGL) launched its own rival called Google Home. There has also been talk that Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) is planning to release its own home assistant, possibly in the form of a new Apple TV. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/05/amazon-echo-show-amzn/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Stocks to Buy Now for BIG Summer Outperformance Yelp Torched by 28% on Horrific Earnings 5 Top Dividend Stocks Across the Globe 2 Fast Food Stocks to Buy, and 2 to Avoid 3 Airline Stocks Making a Powerful Upside Breakout Facebook Is Losing a War With Itself ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks Walt Disney Co (DIS) Stock Sunk by ESPN AGAIN 7 Stocks to Buy Now for BIG Summer Outperformance 5 Top Dividend Stocks From Across the Globe 2 Fast Food Stocks to Buy, and 2 to Avoid 3 Airline Stocks Making a Powerful Upside Breakout Most Popular 10 Hot Stocks to Sell Before They Hit the Wall The 10 Best Growth Stocks You Can Buy Right Now 10 Dividend Stocks That Will Deliver Double-Digit Returns Every Year Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Is a Great Buy … If You Wait 3 Bank Stocks That Can Bank You Free Profits 10 Simply Safe Dividend Stocks to Buy for Retirement Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snap beat expectations in its first quarterly report? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Home About Advertise Newsletter Contact Top - World Apple first US company to top $800bn value World Apple buys sleep-tracking firm Beddit Home Gadgets & Reviews In-depth Jerm News Opinion Adii Pienaar Adrian Schofield Alan Knott-Craig Jr Aleks Gostev Alison Gillwald Alistair Fairweather Andrew Fraser Andrew Rens Andy Marken Angus Brown Angus Hay Anton Harber Anton Meyer Antony Seeff Arno du Toit Art Coviello Ayo Ajayi Bradley Shaw Brandon Purcell Brett Parker Cameron MacKenzie Candice Jones Chris Moerdyk Chris Roper Craig Lappan Craig Neill Craig Raw Craig Wilson Danie Nel Danie Pienaar Darryl Bernstein Dave Gale Dave MacDonald David Glance David Liu David Walker De Wet Bisschoff Denis Smit Dirk de Vos Dominic Cull Don MacRobert Duncan McLeod Eckart Zollner Elaine de Beer Eric Edelstein Eric MK Osiakwan Erika van der Merwe Etienne Louw Faith Muthambi Francois Beyleveld Fungai Sibanda Gaelyn Scott Gareth Knight Gavin Davis Genna Robb Georg Kahle Gerard Soverall Gill Moodie Gisèle Wertheim Aymés Gizela Parker Graham Beneke Graham Braum Graham Friend Greg Mahlknecht Gregory Serandos Guy Zibi Helen Zille Henk Kleynhans Herman Blignaut Hillary Clinton Hilton Tarrant Howard Blake Howard Rybko Ihab Moawad Indra de Lanerolle Isaac Mophatlane Ismail Vadi Ivo Vegter Jacques Rousseau Jacqui O'Sullivan James Francis James Selfe Jan Dawson Jana van Zyl Jannie van Zyl Jason Norwood-Young Jason Xenopoulos Jasson Urbach Joe Mjwara Jose Dos Santos Juanita Clark Justin McCarthy Justin Schwellnus Justin Spratt Karl Muller Kathleen Rice Keith Jones Keith Thabo Kenny Inggs Kevin Phillips Lara Pienaar Lawrence Lundy Leon G Marincowitz Leon Louw Lisa Thornton Lloyd Gedye Luke Muller Maphanga Maseko Marc Ashton Marcel Kramer Marian Shinn Marius Burger Mark Acton Mark Pretorius Mark Seftel Mark Taylor Mark Whitby Martha Bennett Matthew French Michael Jordaan Mike Mulcahy Mophethe Moletsane Muzi Makhaye Nafisa Akabor Nathan Jeffery Nathaniel Borenstein Neil Campbell Neil Watson Nic Callegari Nick Crail Nick Jones Owen Dean Pallo Jordan Paris Mashile Pascal Matzke Patricia de Lille Patrick Gaspard Paul Jacobson Paul Theron Peter Karaszi Peter Streicher Peter Walsh Pieter Steyn Prenesh Padayachee Pria Chetty Rachel Sikwane Regardt van der Berg Reshaad Sha Richard Firth Richard Mullins Rob Lith Roger Hislop Romeo Kumalo Russel Yeo Russell Lamberti Russell Southwood Ryk van Niekerk Saki Missaikos Sasha Naryshkine Schalk Nolte Shameel Joosub Shashi Hansjee Simon Dingle Sipho Hlongwane Sipho Maseko Siya Qoza Siyabonga Cwele Siyabonga Madyibi Songezo Zibi Steve Song Steven Ambrose Steven Cohen Styli Charalambous Sunil Gopal Suveer Ramdhani Tawana Kupe Thabiso Moerane Tim Genders Tim James Tim Parle Tim Shier Tim Walter Tim Wyatt-Gunning Timothy Kroon Toby Shapshak Tony Gunnarsson Verashni Pillay Vicky Stilwell Vincent Hoogduijn Vinolan David William Stucke Willington Ngwepe Yunus Carrim Zunaid Bulbulia People Podcasts TalkCentral TechCentral ZA Tech Show Start-ups Weekend About Advertise Newsletter Contact Amazon unveils the Echo Show Amazon's voice-activated Echo speakers already tell you things. Now, they can show you stuff, too. By Mark Gurman. Added by Agency Staff on 9 May 2017. Saved under Gadgets & Reviews, Top Tweet Amazon’s voice-activated Echo speakers already tell you things. Now, they can show you stuff, too. On Tuesday, the company unveiled the Echo Show, which features a seven-inch touch screen that can pull up calendar appointments, display music lyrics, play videos and a lot more. The Echo Show will cost US$229 when it goes on sale in late June, $50 more than the current high-end model. The debut follows last month’s introduction of the Echo Look, which can evaluate a user’s wardrobe. Including the two new entrants, Amazon will have five products in the Echo line-up, all powered by the Alexa digital assistant. Amazon’s gadget business isn’t about big profits; it’s a way to hook consumers into the company’s fast-growing retail business and get people to sign up for the lucrative Prime subscription service. Meanwhile, Amazon has managed to outflank Google, which began selling its Home device two years after the Echo debuted, and Apple, which is still working on its own Siri-based version. Amazon won’t say how many Echos have been sold, but it has grabbed 70% of the US market for voice-assisted speakers, according to eMarketer, with Google accounting for most of the rest. In a demonstration at Amazon’s San Francisco offices, the Echo Show displayed full weather forecasts, news headlines and LeBron James highlights. The company says the device will also play camera feeds from such connected devices as baby monitors and camera-equipped door bells. Services that already connect to the Echo will be able to display information — say, how far an Uber is from your front door. Alexa currently supports 12 000 “skills”, Amazon’s term for third-party services, and over time will offer increasingly comprehensive information, such as the points scored by a specific player. “We’re not trying to build a phone or tablet interface on this, but extend that ambient nature of what you already have with an Echo,” says Amazon devices chief Dave Limp, who has been testing the Show at home for about a year. This is the first Echo speaker with a built-in camera. The 5-megapixel sensor makes possible a new video conferencing service that Amazon is rolling out alongside the new hardware. Similar to Apple’s FaceTime, the service lets people make video calls from one Echo Show to another, or between the Show and an updated Alexa app on a smartphone. The service doubles as an intercom, allowing a person to call an Alexa speaker in another room without a camera. Users can’t currently make cellphone calls via the Echo Show. The Echo Show screen is slightly smaller than an iPad mini’s and the same size as the Kindle Fire tablet. The Intel-powered device has better sound than its predecessor, eight microphones instead of seven and can now connect directly to WiFi, not solely via the Alexa smartphone app. By pushing a button, you can disable the camera and microphones. Limp says hackers won’t be able to activate the camera remotely. The new Echo will stream music from Amazon’s own service, Spotify and Pandora, but not Apple Music. “We’d love to have Apple, but they’re not super big” on opening up Apple Music integration, Limp says. (Apple Music subscribers can do a workaround by streaming audio from their smartphone to the Echo device via Bluetooth.) Will the new Echo enhance Amazon’s first-mover advantage? Photos of the Show — a black or white wedge of plastic — elicited decidedly mixed reviews on Twitter, with one person saying it belonged on Star Trek (presumably the original) and another comparing it with the Chumby, a chunky digital assistant whose maker filed for bankruptcy. The Show may also be too pricey for many consumers. A report released on Monday by Consumer Intelligence Research Partners in Chicago said the cheapest Echo product, the $50, hockey puck-shaped Dot, has accounted for more than half of the estimated 10,7m Echo devices sold since 2014. Plus Apple, maker of beautiful products even when they aren’t hits, potentially could leapfrog the Show. In a recent research note, analyst Ming-Chi Kuo said Apple may debut an Echo rival next month at the company’s annual developer’s conference. Apple employees have been testing a device at home for several months, according to people familiar with the matter. While marketing chief Phil Schiller recently talked up the benefits of having a screen on a voice-activated device, it’s not clear whether the Apple version will in fact have one.  — (c) 2017 Bloomberg LP   Share this article Tweet Connect with TechCentral Follow TechCentral on Twitter Connect with TechCentral on Facebook Connect with TechCentral on Google+ Subscribe to our newsletter Articles by comments (7 days) 10Council slams Mophatlane exit at BCX 6Hlaudi to ‘impart study tips’ to kids 5Samsung replaces ADH for S8, S8+ 4Telkom creates dedicated e-sports company 4How Takealot will spend the Naspers millions Home About Advertise Newsletter Contact RSS ↑ TechCentral TechCentral Log in - (c) 2009 - 2015 NewsCentral Media
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Amazon's New Echo Adds Touch Screen and Video-Conferencing Will the new Echo Show cement Amazon's first-mover advantage over Google and Apple? by Mark Gurman @markgurman More stories by Mark Gurman May 9, 2017, 10:00 AM EDT First Impressions of Amazon's Echo Show Amazon Inc.'s voice-activated Echo speakers already tell you things. Now, they can show you stuff, too.  On Tuesday, the Seattle-based giant unveiled the Echo Show, which features a seven-inch touch screen that can pull up calendar appointments, display music lyrics, play videos and a lot more. Bloomberg reported on the new device last November. The Echo Show will cost $229 when it goes on sale in late June, $50 more than the current high-end model. The debut follows last month's introduction of the Echo Look, which can evaluate a user's wardrobe. Including the two new entrants, Amazon will have five products in the Echo lineup, all powered by the Alexa digital assistant. Echo Show Source: Amazon Amazon's gadget business isn't about big profits; it's a way to hook consumers into the company's fast-growing retail business and get people to sign up for the lucrative Prime subscription service. Meanwhile, Amazon has managed to outflank Google, which began selling its Home device two years after the Echo debuted, and Apple, which is still working on its own Siri-based version. Amazon won't say how many Echos have been sold, but it has grabbed 70 percent of the U.S. market  for voice-assisted speakers, according to eMarketer, with Google accounting for most of the rest. In a demonstration at Amazon's San Francisco offices, the Echo Show displayed full weather forecasts, news headlines and LeBron James highlights. The company says the device will also play camera feeds from such connected devices as baby monitors and camera-equipped door bells. Services that already connect to the Echo will be able to display information—say how far an Uber is from your front door or the basic box score for a baseball game. Alexa currently supports 12,000 "skills," Amazon's term for third-party services, and over time will offer increasingly comprehensive information, such as the points scored by a specific player.  "We're not trying to build a phone or tablet interface on this, but extend that ambient nature of what you already have with an Echo," says Amazon devices chief Dave Limp, who has been testing the Show at home for about a year.  This is the first Echo speaker with a built-in camera. The five-megapixel sensor makes possible a new video conferencing service that Amazon is rolling out alongside the new hardware. Similar to Apple's FaceTime, the service lets people make video calls from one Echo Show to another, or between the Show and an updated Alexa app on a smartphone. The service doubles as an intercom, allowing a person to call an Alexa speaker in another room without a camera. Users can't currently make cell phone calls via the Echo Show.  The Echo Show screen is slightly smaller than an iPad mini's and the same size as the Kindle Fire tablet. The Intel-powered device has better sound than its predecessor, eight microphones instead of seven and can now connect directly to WiFi, not solely via the Alexa smartphone app. By pushing a button, you can disable the camera and microphones. Limp says hackers won't be able to activate the camera remotely.  The new Echo will stream music from Amazon's own service, Spotify and Pandora, but not Apple Music. "We'd love to have Apple, but they're not super big" on opening up Apple Music integration, Limp says. (Apple Music subscribers can do a workaround by streaming audio from their smartphone to the Echo device via Bluetooth.) Will the new Echo enhance Amazon's first-mover advantage? Photos of the Show—a black or white wedge of plastic—elicited decidedly mixed reviews on Twitter, with one person saying it belonged on Star Trek (presumably the original) and another comparing it with the Chumby, a chunky digital assistant whose maker filed for bankruptcy. The Show may also be too pricey for many consumers. A report released Monday by Consumer Intelligence Research Partners in Chicago said the cheapest Echo product, the $50, hockey puck-shaped Dot, has accounted for more than half of the estimated 10.7 million Echo devices sold since 2014. Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up Plus Apple, maker of beautiful products even when they aren't hits, potentially could leapfrog the Show. In a recent research note, analyst Ming-Chi Kuo said Apple may debut an Echo rival next month at the company's annual developer's conference. Apple employees have been testing a device at home for several months, according to people familiar with the matter. While marketing chief Phil Schiller recently talked up the benefits of having a screen on a voice-activated device, it's not clear whether the Apple version will in fact have one. For more on consumer gadgets, tune in at 12:30 p.m. PT/3:30 p.m. ET every Wednesday to catch the new Gadgets With Gurman show. This week, it's all about retro phones making a comeback. You can watch it on Facebook, Twitter or bloomberg.com/technology. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read This Is the Five-Word Message That Got a Citigroup Trader Fired The Kushner Project Touted in China Is in Trouble at Home Trump Preparing Certified Letter Attesting to No Russia Ties A Map Like This Persuaded Trump to Save Nafta, For Now Here’s What Some of the World’s Top Money Managers Are Betting On Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Latest News Dow 20,976 -36.50 -0.17% Nasdaq 6,121 +17.93 +0.29% S&P 500 2,397 -2.46 -0.10% 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.1% lower at 5,394.10 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens fractionally lower at 7,340.37 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens fractionally lower at 395.70 2:56 A.M. ET Updated The New York Times will take you on a tour and teach you all about Brexit for $6,000 2:50 A.M. ET Opinion The ECB should avoid the temptation to cancel QE 2:51 A.M. ET Eni profit jumps as oil prices rebound 2:50 A.M. ET Barratt sees 2017 profit at top end of views 2:49 A.M. ET AstraZeneca asthma drug misses primary endpoint 2:28 A.M. ET ITV maintains outlook even as revenue falls 2:27 A.M. ET U.K. regulator may probe Capita-Vodafone deal 2:27 A.M. ET BAE trading in line; backs 2017 guidance 2:26 A.M. ET AXA revenue nearly flat as revenue misses views 2:25 A.M. ET French Insurer AXA plans to list shares in U.S. 2:24 A.M. ET Suez confirms outlook at revenue rises 2:24 A.M. ET ING net profit slips, but pretax profit up 39% 2:22 A.M. ET Ahold Delhaize net sales rise 65% in first quarter 2:22 A.M. ET Germany posts record current-account surplus 1:23 A.M. ET Updated Oil prices get respite from selling after encouraging signals on U.S. supply 1:16 A.M. ET China consumer inflation edged up in April 12:09 A.M. ET Updated More than 40% of Americans won’t date a person who has this one financial problem Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release OpenStack Live: Progressive Demos Show How Composable Open Infrastructure Accelerates Innovation By Published: May 9, 2017 10:45 a.m. ET Share Live Demos showcase emerging patterns deploying OpenStack services standalone and coupled with complementary open infrastructure technologies; 15 OpenStack cloud providers participate in live ‘Interoperability Challenge’ BOSTON, May 09, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- OpenStack Summit Boston --In a progressive series of live demonstrations at the OpenStack Summit Boston today, global IT leaders in the OpenStack ecosystem showed off powerful integrations between open source components and simultaneously deployed the CockroachDB cloud-native application on Kubernetes on top of OpenStack. The OpenStack Foundation also launched a new version of the Project Navigator featuring new project mascots, where users can learn more about OpenStack capabilities and explore popular reference architectures. Composable OpenStack Services: Ironic, Neutron and Cinder Mark Collier, COO of the OpenStack Foundation kicked off day two describing how OpenStack is composable, open infrastructure, meaning users can consume different pieces of OpenStack and combine them in useful ways with other open source technologies. “We want to break the myth that OpenStack is a monolith and you must consume every piece of it, because in fact OpenStack is a collection of robust services including storage, networking and identity that provide great value on their own,” Collier remarked. His keynote built upon last year’s push to encourage and facilitate cross-community collaboration and integration among open infrastructure and application technologies. Julia Kreger, developer advocate at IBM, demonstrated how to run the Ironic bare metal service along with Neutron networking service in a standalone context, which is an emerging use case. John Griffith, principal software engineer at NetApp, and Kendall Nelson, upstream developer advocate at the OpenStack Foundation, then demonstrated how to deploy the Cinder block storage service as an independent system using standard Docker tools in a matter of seconds. The demo showed how easy it is to leverage the maturity and vast number of backends provided by Cinder as a Kubernetes FlexVolume plugin. One Platform to Manage VMs, Containers and Bare Metal In addition to the emerging use case of standalone OpenStack services, many organizations find value in embracing the full suite of OpenStack services to run containers, virtual machines and bare metal together on a single network. Many OpenStack users are running container orchestration frameworks such as Kubernetes, Mesos and Swarm on OpenStack today in virtual machines or directly on the Ironic bare metal service. They benefit from consistent infrastructure APIs and the largest number of enterprise storage and networking backends. During the keynote, Jakub Pavlik, director of product engineering at Mirantis, demonstrated OpenStack’s interoperability with Kubernetes and ability to serve as one platform for bare metal, VMs, and containers. Pavlik deployed a big data application using Spark, Kafka and Hadoop Distributed File System on a common OpenContrail-powered network. Interoperability Challenge In a live demonstration on Tuesday, 15 global IT leaders in the OpenStack ecosystem simultaneously deployed Kubernetes on OpenStack clouds and used the container management tool to concurrently deploy a distributed CockroachDB database and NFV applications. The demonstration underscores OpenStack’s strength in facilitating application portability across a diversity of OpenStack public and private clouds. Participants in the Interoperability Challenge were Canonical, Deutsche Telekom, EasyStack, Huawei, IBM, NetApp, Platform9, Rackspace, Red Hat, SUSE, T2Cloud, VEXXHOST, VMware, Wind River and ZTE. “Last year, we challenged the OpenStack ecosystem to illustrate the value of common infrastructure by deploying the same unmodified application across multiple OpenStack environments in simultaneous demonstration at the Barcelona Summit,” said Brad Topol, IBM Distinguished Engineer and OpenStack Foundation Board Member. “With today’s Challenge, the OpenStack community has raised the bar substantially, showcasing interoperability with CockroachDB and Kubernetes. It shows both the community’s commitment to interoperability and to embracing innovation that works across different OpenStack clouds.” About OpenStack Summit Boston Thousands of participants from 60+ countries are attending OpenStack Summit Boston this week to discuss how to combine open source technologies including programmable infrastructure and container orchestration frameworks to deliver speed, agility and cost savings. Users from Bloomberg, China Mobile, Department of International Trade for the UK, Fidelity, Gap, Google, Harvard, MIT Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, US Army Cyber School and Verizon are speaking. Headline sponsors are Intel, Mirantis, Deutsche Telekom and Red Hat. Videos will be posted at https://www.openstack.org/videos/summits/boston-2017. About OpenStack® OpenStack is the most widely deployed software for public and private clouds, with more than 5 million compute cores in production. It has become a standard for private clouds and is also available via dozens of public cloud providers globally. At its core, OpenStack is an open source integration engine that provides APIs to orchestrate bare metal, virtual machine and container resources on a single network. The same OpenStack code powers a global network of public and private clouds backed by the largest ecosystem of technology providers, to enable cost savings, control and portability. OpenStack is a global community of more than 73,000 individuals across 185 countries supported by the OpenStack Foundation, which facilitates the development of many innovative projects in the open infrastructure space. The community delivers two software releases each year, which are Apache 2 licensed and productized by a large ecosystem of technology vendors in our Marketplace. For more information and to join the community, visit www.OpenStack.org. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170509005460/en/ SOURCE: OpenStack Foundation"> <Property FormalName="PrimaryTwitterHandle" Value="@openstack Cathey Communications for the OpenStack Foundation Robert Cathey, +1 865-386-6118 robert@cathey.co or OpenStack Foundation Lauren Sell lauren@openstack.org Copyright Business Wire 2017 Most Popular Yelp plummets as advertisers revolt Dying man claims he just borrowed $325K to go all-in on bitcoin amid record highs More than 40% of Americans won’t date a person who has this one financial problem Rushing to pay back a large student loan? You may want to think again Stealthy Home Security ‘Sees’ Without Cameras MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE Join over 60,000 of your peers Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily — for free! US Edition (daily) Canada Edition (weekly) We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties. I accept the Terms and Conditions SUBSCRIBE YES! No Register Sign in A Community for Professionals in Private Capital PE HUB Network News Briefs Opinion Videos Members Emerging Managers NVCA Blog Buyouts Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room Buyouts Magazine Subscriber Tips VCJ Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room VCJ Magazine Subscriber Tips Pratt’s Online PartnerConnect Events Shop US Select Edition Canada US PE HUB Network News Briefs Opinion Videos Members Emerging Managers NVCA Blog Buyouts Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room Buyouts Magazine Subscriber Tips VCJ Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room VCJ Magazine Subscriber Tips Pratt’s Online PartnerConnect Events Shop US CANADA Log In SiFive raises $8.5 mln May 8, 2017 By Luisa Beltran Follow @LuisaRBeltran SiFive said May 8 that it has raised $8.5 million in a Series B round led by Spark Capital. Osage University Partners and existing investor Sutter Hill Ventures also participated. SiFive, of San Francisco, is a fabless provider of open-source-enabled semiconductors. PRESS RELEASE SAN FRANCISCO, May 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — SiFive, the first fabless provider of customized, open-source-enabled semiconductors, today announced it has raised $8.5 million in a Series B round led by Spark Capital with participation from Osage University Partners and existing investor Sutter Hill Ventures. This Series B round brings the total investment in SiFive to $13.5 million. The funding comes as SiFive experiences a growing demand for RISC-V IP and increased interest in custom silicon. SiFive was founded by the inventors of RISC-V – Krste Asanovic, Yunsup Lee and Andrew Waterman – with a mission to democratize access to custom silicon. In its first six months of availability, more than 1,000 HiFive1 software development boards have been purchased and delivered to developers in over 40 countries. Additionally, the company has engaged with multiple customers across its IP and SoC products, started shipping the industry’s first RISC-V SoC in November 2016 and announced the availability of its Coreplex RISC-V based IP earlier this month. “At Spark Capital, we believe technology is the great equalizer. SiFive’s singular goal of putting custom chips into the hands of everyone from startups to exploratory design teams to inventors with a healthy crowdfunding campaign resonates with our core values,” said Todd Dagres, general partner at Spark Capital, who will join the SiFive board of directors. “We are excited at the potential for SiFive to enable new and emerging sectors to bring innovative solutions to market that might otherwise never see the light of day.” RISC-V has developed a strong ecosystem of more than 60 companies including Google, HPE, Microsoft, IBM, Qualcomm, NVIDIA, Samsung, Microsemi and others. Member companies, as well as third-party open-source contributors, are actively contributing to a maturing stable of software and toolchains, including GCC and binutils, both of which have been upstreamed. SiFive maintains an easy to install toolchain, SDK and BSPs with binaries of the latest open source tools, including OpenOCD, GNU Debugger, Arduino IDE and the Eclipse integrated development environment. More updates are expected at the 6th RISC-V Workshop this week in Shanghai. This Series B financing comes amid a string of significant milestones for SiFive in the past year: • Product Innovation: SiFive launched its Freedom Everywhere platform – designed for microcontroller, embedded, IoT and wearable applications – and its Freedom Unleashed platform – for machine learning, storage and networking applications – in July 2016. At the 5th RISC-V Workshop in November, SiFive announced general availability of the Freedom Everywhere 310 (FE310) SoC and the HiFive1 software development board. • Industry Recognition: SiFive was recognized as the Startup of the Year by the 2016 ACE Awards. Its contributions to the open source community were noted by the Linley Group’s Analyst Choice Awards, which named RISC-V its Technology of the Year for 2016. Additionally, the seminar computer architecture textbook, “Computer Organization and Design,” has been updated to include RISC-V in the latest edition, which was released in April. • Customer Adoption: Earlier this month, SiFive launched its Coreplex IP and announced a growing ecosystem of partners, including Faraday, Microsemi and United Design Systems, making SiFive Coreplex IP available to their downstream customers. • Company Growth: SiFive’s employee base has grown more than 280 percent to support the development of its Freedom Everywhere and Freedom Unleashed SoCs, as well as the launch of its E31 and E51 Coreplex IPs. SiFive’s leadership team continues to grow with key engineers from Altera, ARM, Atmel, Cadence Design Systems, Cisco, Intel, Juniper, Marvell, Nvidia Qualcomm, Synopsys and Xilinx. “We are energized by the partnerships we have forged with our investors and their strong belief in SiFive’s mission,” said Jack Kang, vice president of product and business development at SiFive. “This investment will enable our continued growth for years to come, and will allow SiFive to further establish that alternatives really matter in an era where traditional silicon vendors no longer are the most innovative in the industry.” About SiFive SiFive is the first fabless provider of customized semiconductors based on the free and open RISC-V instruction set architecture. Founded by RISC-V inventors Krste Asanovic, Yunsup Lee and Andrew Waterman, SiFive democratizes access to custom silicon by helping system designers reduce time-to-market and realize cost savings with customized RISC-V based semiconductors. SiFive is located in Silicon Valley and has venture backing from Sutter Hill Ventures, Spark Capital and Osage University Partners. For more information, visit www.sifive.com. Find new deal opportunities, super-charge your fundraising efforts and track top managers with VCJ. Get your FREE trial! Or subscribe now! Sign up to our Newsletter Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters: First Name: Last Name: Email Address: US Edition (daily) Canada Edition (weekly) We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties. I accept the Terms and Conditions You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER. Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected] . Top Posts Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Blackstone, Ford Foundation, Goldman Sachs are hiring by Eamon Murphy Francisco Partners buys SmartBear Software by Luisa Beltran Wells Fargo puts insurance brokerage up for sale: Bloomberg by Luisa Beltran Thoma Bravo to buy Lexmark’s enterprise software business by Iris Dorbian Super-rich private equity stars rue “lousy” reputation, say they are misunderstood: Reuters by Reuters News New Mountain nears VWR buy: WSJ by Luisa Beltran Charlesbank acquires Tecomet from Genstar by Iris Dorbian Fortress Secured Lending Fund raises $590 mln by Luisa Beltran © 2006-2017 Buyouts Insider / Argosy Group LLC About Contacts FAQ Guest Column Guidelines Terms of Use Disclaimer Privacy Policy Copyright (c) Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC. Reproduction in any form is prohibited without written consent by Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC.
