HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Sohn Conference CNBC Disruptor 50 College Game Plan The Brave Ones Tech Drivers Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Investing in: Israel Israel's high-tech sector is thriving, and now China wants in on the action Ferry Biedermann; Writer at CNBC.com 1 Hour AgoCNBC.com SHARES Uriel Sinai | Getty Images Cars go by on a highway next to Tel Aviv's landmark Azrieli Towers skyscraper complex in Tel Aviv, Israel. Go to Israel and chances are you'll install some new apps on your phone, just to keep up. A few years ago that might have been the navigation and transportation ones Waze and Moovit. More recently it may well have been photo editors Facetune and Enlight. All Israeli developed, all global successes and just a tip, albeit a visible one, of the country's high-tech iceberg. High-tech is usurping the place once held by Israel's founding myths, the ones about the kibbutz collectives and making the desert bloom. Nowadays it's all "Start-up Nation" and "Silicon Wadi". In fact, some say high-tech is even replacing the archetypal Jewish mothers' wish for their child to be a doctor or a lawyer; today's Israeli moms supposedly brag about the number of employees in their kids' start-up. Inevitably such success is shot through with hyperbole but it rests on very solid and tangible numbers. $15.3 billion is one of them, representing the biggest high-tech business deal in Israel's history and the sum that Intel paid in March for autonomous driving firm Mobileye. And instead of packing up the company and moving it to the U.S., Intel is establishing it as its global autonomous driving hub and R&D (research and development) center. There are over 300 international firms with a high-tech research center in the country, including giants such as Microsoft, IBM, Apple, Cisco, HP and older Intel centers, to name but a few. "Over the last couple of weeks, since the Intel-Mobileye transaction, all hell has broken loose," says Jon Medved, CEO of OurCrowd, an Israel-based crowdsourcing platform for accredited investors. show chapters Why Israel is a cybersecurity heavyweight    Thursday, 11 May 2017 | 10:44 PM ET | 03:08 "The country is being overrun in a positive way by investors, corporations, strategic partners, all sorts, who simply want to get a piece of this." The importance of the deal is also emphasized by Eugene Kandal, CEO of the NGO ( non-governmental organization) Start-up Nation Central, which seeks to connect start-ups to investors and supports the Israeli high-tech industry. He headed Israel's National Economic Council until 2015 and was as such a close advisor to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. "The message to investors not yet investing is: It's no longer unicorns, it's really big guys," he says. While those seeking investors in the high-tech industry can be expected to sound upbeat, the message is being repeated by others: The Mobileye deal is big and can be a game changer in terms of making more international companies and investors aware of the potential of Israeli businesses, not just start-ups, where much of the action had often been in the past. 'Israel on the big players' map' Koby Simana CEO of IVC Research Center, a Tel Aviv-based firm monitoring and analyzing Israel's high-tech industry, says the deal drew international attention. "I think those kind of deals from several hundreds of millions to billions of dollars being spent on one company, that's a big quantum leap for the industry. That puts Israel on the big players' map." Source: Mobileye He counts among these mega-deals the $4.4 billion sale of online gaming company Playtika in 2016 to China's Shanghai Giant Network Technology Co. Playtika is based in Herzliya, Israel, but was owned by U.S. casino and gaming giant Ceasars. This illustrates some of the difficulties in quantifying the number of deals and the amounts involved in Israel's high-tech field. PwC Israel, for example, in its 2016 report on Israeli high-tech industry exits, left out the Playtika deal, noting its ownership by Ceasars. That's how the accountancy firm concluded that in 2016 the value of deals in the industry dropped 51 percent compared to 2015, to $3.4 billion. PwC's estimate that this was just a temporary slowdown now seems vindicated by the Mobileye deal. Other big deals since the beginning of the decade include the 2012 acquisition of Waze by Google for over $1 billion, the 2013 sale of security software firm Trusteer to IBM, for $1 billion, and Cisco's 2013 takeover of cell phone software firm Intucell for $475 million. show chapters Israel's largest gas field    Thursday, 13 Apr 2017 | 1:20 AM ET | 01:38 The Mobileye deal is certainly big, for Israel. The company does account for some 60-70 percent of the world's autonomous driving and collision avoiding systems but Intel's acquisition is dwarfed by Qualcomm's announcement last year that it is buying Dutch automotive chipmaker NXP for $47 billion. Bumper year for venture capital In terms of venture capital flowing into the industry, Israel had a bumper year in 2016, raising $4.8 billion in funds, up 11 percent from 2015, according to an IVC-ZAG report. But the same firms note a slowdown in the first quarter of 2017 to $1.03 billion. That's 4 percent down, or what IVC's Simana calls, "a minor drop". What concerns the IVC CEO more is the change in the balance of investments, from early stage to late stage, a phenomenon that is also apparent elsewhere, notably in Silicon Valley. The difference is, says Simana, that in the U.S. the volume of investments is decreasing while in Israel it's still increasing. Even so, attracting early stage investment remains important to keep feeding the pipeline of start-ups. "We call for early stage investors and tell them right now there are opportunities. There's less competition. More risk but less competition," says Simana. "If they want to be in the competitive landscape going forward, they should be in the early stage." The type of investors interested in Israeli high-tech is shifting from North America to Asia, as the Playtika acquisition shows. Chinese investors have discovered the country and PwC in its report also notes that they, "are growing increasingly comfortable with doing deals in Israel." Medved and Simana too notice growing interest from Asia but Simana qualifies this: "Definitely at the moment U.S. and European investors are the dominant ones in the industry." U.S. interest in Israeli high-tech is long-established and Israeli companies have the third biggest presence on the NASDAQ, after the U.S. itself and China. In the past there has been a perception that many North Americans who invest in Israel do so to support the country. But, says Medved, that's only part of the story: "There's plenty of them but it's way beyond that now. It's just good business. I don't think people are investing emotionally or with their political or religious believes as the driver." When it comes to what particular high-tech field to invest in, there's a lot to choose from. According to Kandal of Start-up Nation Central, it's exactly the ability to work across different technologies that makes Israel so competitive. "There are a lot of different sectors. You can be in cybersecurity and digital health. You can be in cars and software. You have enough density for all of those to give you a buzz." show chapters Israel faces up to 2 million cyberattacks each day    Monday, 20 Feb 2017 | 7:06 PM ET | 01:59 That's a point that Simana also underwrites: "The big names out of Israel are multi-disciplinary. Take for instance Mobileye, Gett (an Uber rival) or other big names that came out of Israel in recent years. I think the way Israeli entrepreneurs are combining various technologies into one product, one offering is our competitive edge." Israel's security needs, its lack of water, arable land and its small population, just over 8 million, have all played a role in the development of its high-tech industry. It's long been renowned for its water and agriculture technology, its drone and aerospace industry and its use of solar power. More recent successes include cybersecurity, medical technology, artificial intelligence, machine learning, robotics, and of course transport fields such as navigation and autonomous driving. Medved, the OurCrowd CEO, says that Israel is especially appreciated for its "deep technology" knowhow. He says investors are attracted because of, "the change in the venture market into frontier technology where the deep tech is now back in fashion, whether it's machine learning, or cybersecurity or drones. Things that need deep technology, that's what makes Israel interesting. We are not leaders in the other stuff but we're leaders in deep technology." Many of these advances come out of the country's, U.S.-supported and part-financed, military and intelligence establishments and its defense industry. Some military intelligence units, such as Unit 8200, are veritable incubators for the country's high-tech industry, spewing out veterans that are bursting to begin start-ups. And the defense aerospace industry has made the country a leader in drones. But there are also world-class institutes and universities, such as Haifa's Technion and the Weizmann Institute of Science in Rehovot. Israel's R&D expenditure as a percentage of GDP (gross domestic product) regularly tussles with South Korea's for the global top spot. Risks to the industry Even the risks to the industry that Israel's high-tech observers mention, can be seen as humble brags. Chief among them is the danger of a shortage of skilled workers, coupled with a decline in the number of pupils choosing science trajectories in high school. It is a real concern and calls have been issued to ease visa requirements for high-tech workers from India and other Asian countries, always a concern in Israel, where demography is a sensitive subject. Yet, the shortage also sends the message that demand for high-tech workers in Israel is booming. Kandal says that in 2016 there were 1,100 new high-tech start-ups in Israel while 400 disappeared. "It's an indication that people are not afraid to begin new things. If they fail, they just start a new one or go to work at another company that's always looking for people." IVC's Simana says he has studied the failure rate of start-ups in Israel. "It's one-in-twenty that has a real success. I don't know the numbers but I suspect that's very similar to elsewhere in the world." It's a sobering reminder that any investment carries risk, particularly in start-ups, however dynamic and attractive the industry. "We're not prophets here," says Simana. Maybe the most obvious cautionary tale is the one of electric car battery venture Better Place. Its story and that of its founder Shai Agassi were used in the intro to the landmark 2009 book "Start-up Nation: The Story of Israel's Economic Miracle" by Dan Senor and Saul Singer. Even though it was pushed by Israel's late President Shimon Peres and supported by Nissan's Carlos Ghosn, Better Place went bankrupt in 2013, swallowing up some $850 million of private capital. It hardly slowed down Israel's high-tech industry, which the same year celebrated Google's $1 billion-plus acquisition of Waze, but it may have reminded companies and investors that a good idea and lots of "chutzpah" are not necessarily enough to make it in the marketplace. Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook. Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change NASD 100 --- IBM --- AAPL --- MSFT --- INTC --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Experience the Data Driven Future with Intel at Computex 2017 Printer-friendly version The explosion of data is transforming the world in incredible ways and Intel and its partners are at the forefront of that transformation, delivering new technologies for the cloud, IoT and personal computing. Join Intel at Computex 2017 in Taipei, from May 30—June 3, to experience the data-driven future. Press Kit: 2017 Computex Computex e21 Forum Opening Keynote Gregory Bryant, corporate vice president and general manager of the Client Computing Group at Intel, will deliver the opening keynote at Computex 2017 in Taipei, sharing how the data-fueled world is a primary driver for delivering more immersive and personal experiences by changing the way people interact with their technology and each other. Join him as he highlights new technology and discusses how Intel and its partners are at the forefront of this exciting transformation. When: May 30, 2017, 2—3:15 p.m. Taipei time Where: Taipei International Convention Center No. 1, Sec 5, Hsin-Yi Road, Taipei Plenary Hall, 3rd floor » Register for the keynote Computex CPX Conference Keynote: Future Technology Trends Speaker: Rob Crooke, senior vice president and general manager of the Non-Volatile Memory (NVM) Solutions Group When: May 30, 2017, 3:40—4:20 p.m. Taipei time Where: Taipei International Convention Center No. 1, Sec 5, Hsin-Yi Road, Taipei Banquet Hall Other News May 14, 2017 2017 Computex May 11, 2017 Intel Announces New CCG Leader May 11, 2017 Intel International Science and Engineering Fair: Empowering Next-Generation Innovators About Intel Intel (NASDAQ: INTC) expands the boundaries of technology to make the most amazing experiences possible. Information about Intel can be found at newsroom.intel.com and intel.com. Intel and the Intel logo are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the United States and other countries. Copy this html code to your website/blog to embed this press release. <br />
<a href=”http://www.pressreleasepoint.com/experience-data-driven-future-intel-computex-2017″ class=”active”>Experience the Data Driven Future with Intel at Computex 2017</a><br />
 CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness Finance, Client Computing Group, Computex Taipei, Enterprise, Gregory Bryant, Intel, Intel Corporation, intel international, IoT, Non, Personal computing, Peter Chen, Rob Crooke, Santa Clara, Taipei, Technology, U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Road Transport Refrigeration Equipment Market Research Report 2017 Next PostNext 2017-2021 Global Truck-mounted Road Sweeper Market Trend & Forecast Research Report Search Recent Posts 2017-2022 Tube Packaging Industry Professional Survey Global Analysis and Forecats Research Report Acquisition d’Integra Gold Corp. par Eldorado Gold Corporation Integra Gold Corp. to be Acquired by Eldorado Gold Corporation Electronic Packaging Market Professional Survey 2017-2022 Review & Forecasts Report ‘Descending Angels’ Shares Pastor’s Knowledge of Angels Through Experience as a Hospice Chaplain RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
SUBSCRIBE NOW$5.00 a month Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Big chipmakers go all in on robot cars Facing decline in traditional revenues, tech companies seek leading roles in autonomous driving future Post to Facebook Big chipmakers go all in on robot cars Facing decline in traditional revenues, tech companies seek leading roles in autonomous driving future  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2rfZBvg {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Big chipmakers go all in on robot cars Jim Lynch , The Detroit News 11:00 p.m. ET May 14, 2017 Panoramic photo of Auckland city near the industrial area. Auckland Region, North Island, New Zealand (Photo: Stoneography / Getty Images) 1 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Santa Clara — Three major computer-chip manufacturers are moving into new territory by investing heavily to become the indispensable drivers of the driverless-car game. Intel is best known for cranking up the speed of laptop and desktop computers. Nvidia supercharged graphics for video games. Qualcomm helped make smartphones truly smart. Today, all are vying to become major players as the auto and tech industries work to bring autonomous vehicles to the masses. Santa Clara-based Nvidia took center stage last week in announcing a partnership with Toyota that puts its artificial intelligence hardware and software behind the automaker’s autonomous-car efforts. A week earlier, Intel unveiled its Innovation Center in San Jose and showcased its partnership with Delphi to create a turnkey driverless system that can be integrated into vehicle designs by any manufacturer. And later this year, San Diego-based Qualcomm could win approval of its $47 billion bid to acquire semiconductor maker NXP — one of the top suppliers to the auto industry. Intel, Nvidia and Qualcomm are no longer companies willing to simply see their chips used by others. They are neck-deep in the game and calling many of the shots. “Right now, there really is a rush among silicon manufacturers ... to try and have the chip set that is, in some way, the core of the future automated vehicle,” said Chris Gerdes, who runs Stanford University’s Dynamic Design Lab. The quest is all the more important in that many of the chipmakers face declines in their traditional revenue sources. At Qualcomm, which has been hurt by losses in cellphone sales, the hope is to be the chip provider to “cover all domains” of the driverless car. “Everybody in the chip business has an automotive strategy now,” said Kevin Krewell, a principal analyst at tech-consulting firm Tirias Research. “They all see the increased amount of chips and silicon going into the automotive sector as one of the big growth-markets right now.” But Krewell said it’s unlikely any one chip can dominate, despite the massive investments companies are making. “The auto industry is just too big and too diverse,” he said. Nvidia Nvidia is best known in the videogaming community. After nearly a quarter-century in business, its graphics-processing units have evolved to crank out visuals that are more and more lifelike. The demands of the videogame market may have set the company on an advantageous path as it moves full-force into driverless vehicles. Nvidia specializes in graphics processors, not the central processing units backed by Intel and Qualcomm. Tim Wong, a member of the company’s technical marketing, said the fundamental difference that gives Nvidia its edge is that traditional central processors have only four to eight cores, or processing units. “Whereas, you have thousands of cores in an Nvidia GPU,” he said. Much of the excitement around driverless cars centers on artificial intelligence, or teaching machines to learn. For autonomous vehicles, that means coaching a system to recognize objects and situations, and then respond accordingly. Nvidia officials contend this is similar to what its graphic processors have been doing all along in the gaming industry. That work has already paid off in the form of high-visibility partnerships with Tesla Inc. and Volvo Cars Ltd., and last week, its announcement of the tie-up with Toyota. Nvidia officials said they see plenty more action on the horizon. “Artificial intelligence is keyed to be the next big thing in terms of the same kind of impact that the Industrial Revolution had,” said Nvidia’s Sean Wix, another member of Nvidia’s technical marketing team. “It will leave no market undisturbed, really.” Qualcomm When wireless communications exploded in the 1990s and early 2000s, Qualcomm mastered technology that allowed multiple signals to share band space. It put the company and its chip sets into all kinds of telecommunication technologies. That included the smartphone arena, where the company’s Snapdragon mobile processing chips boosted the company’s profile and portfolio. But waning demand for smartphones has Qualcomm looking for new areas of expansion. Qualcomm is not new to the auto industry, having worked with General Motors on OnStar applications as early as 2002. The company’s wireless technologies have led to partnerships with “pretty much every automaker on the planet,” says Nakal Duggal, Qualcomm’s vice president of product management. Snapdragon processors made their way into the automotive field in 2014. The company has made a series of acquisitions touching on wireless capabilities in the auto industry, including the $3 billion purchase of wireless networking company Atheros in 2011. Qualcomm’s ability to push even further into the driverless-vehicle race will be boosted exponentially if the company’s bid for NXP is finalized by the end of the year, as company officials expect. Roughly 40 percent of NXP’s semiconductor sales are linked to the auto industry, where they are used for everything from vehicle connectivity, to audio systems and regulating engine functions. Intel Like Qualcomm, Intel’s foray into driverless cars stems in part from the search to supplement its declining traditional markets — in this case, laptop and desktop computers. Intel may have the most clearly defined game plan — at least publicly — of the three U.S.-based chipmakers. Intel and partners like Delphi Automotive PLC, BMW AG and Ericsson AB are putting together what they describe as a turnkey driverless car system that can also help capitalize on Big Data — the information that connected vehicles can collect, sort, package and send to the “cloud.” That information can eventually be sold to a variety of customers in a business that could be worth $750 billion by 2030. Intel’s decades of experience and its comprehensive approach to driverless and connected cars are what separate it from competitors, say company officials. “Obviously, Qualcomm is focused on wireless connectivity — the wireless space — and they have other general computing (capabilities),” said Doug Davis, senior vice president and general manager of Intel’s Automated Driving Group. “Nvidia provides their GPU — a specialized computing element that can do things like sensor fusion and workload acceleration.” He says his company tries looking at solutions more broadly: “We engineer our technologies to make sure they deliver all of the capabilities that are necessary for the automotive industry today.” jlynch@detroitnews.com (313) 222-2034 1 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2rfZBvg TOP VIDEOS QLine prepares for its debut 1:35 Patterson concerned about job skills gap 2:51 Mayor Mike Duggan on the new Flex-N-Gate facility 0:47 Ken Lingenfelter on his astounding car collection 2:30 IRS agent warns of tax scams 3:28 GM cars hoisted up to the Comerica Park fountain 0:50 Sen. Gary Peters views demonstration of a Bradley Fighting Vehicle 0:43 Joe Nardone, CEO, Wayne County Airport Authority, tours DTW 2:25 Mike Ilitch: 'I fell in love with Midwestern friendliness' 2:40 Microsoft moving to Detroit 3:49
Technology content trusted in North America and globally since 1999 7,509 Reviews & Articles | 55,233 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket AM4 Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU GIVEAWAY: Corsair Dominator Platinum Torque DDR4 RAM Kit Home News CPU, APU & Chipsets Intel releases its last ever Itanium processor Intel launched Itanium in 2001, and have just released its last ever Itanium processor By: Anthony Garreffa | CPU, APU & Chipsets News | Posted: 5 hours, 48 mins ago Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA Intel first launched its Itanium processor back in 2001, with chipzilla hoping its 64-bit processor would destroy the x86 dominance over the decades before it - but yeah, that didn't happen and now Intel has killed Itanium.     Before it's officially dead, Intel has pushed out a final Itanium 9700 series processor family that are the end of a failed era. Itanium co-creator HP and its enterprise arm HPE will be the last major customer of Itanium processors, with its Integrity i6 servers to receive the improved hardware, but other than that - Itanium is dead.   Itanium launched with a huge marketing campaign where Intel expected its exciting (at least at the time) 64-bit processor to take a huge chunk out of the massive wave of x86, aiming for high-end servers and workstations before cloud computing was even a thing. The first Itanium processors were power hungry, and then AMD decided it would launch consumer 64-bit processors in x86 form, disrupting Intel's plans.     Fast forward to 2017, and AMD is once again disrupting Intel's slowly moving and now tick-tock-less CPU plans with Ryzen, offering 8C/16T of processing power to consumers for under half of what Intel tries to shake you down for. This is why we're hearing so damn much about new processors with monstrous core counts, from both sides of the CPU business - AMD with their upcoming Naples platform, Starship rocking 48C/96T, and even a new 16C/32T consumer/prosumer Ryzen processor.   Intel isn't running away from the battle, with its own Core i9 processor rumored for launch in August led by the flagship Core i9-7920K with 12C/24T of power. NEWS SOURCES:Tweaktown.com Recommended for You Apple orders 10nm A11 processors for the iPhone 8 AMD Raven Ridge APU: 4C/8T CPU with Vega NCU tech Qualcomm announces Snapdragon 660 and 630 AMD Ryzen 5: best CPU launch in 7 years, says new... >> NEXT STORY: Microsoft gives NSA backdoor, complains about exploits << PREVIOUS STORY: Survive 'Resident Evil' in our Blu-ray giveaway Related Tags Intel Intel Itanium Itanium Itanium processor AMD HP Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Nintendo making Zelda smartphone game, sources say Oculus steps into proper room-scale VR with Rift Vive 2 won't come until HTC has 'meaningful innovation' Microsoft gives NSA backdoor, complains about exploits Intel releases its last ever Itanium processorView More News Posts Forum Activity Gigabyte M8000X software bugged RAM for Gaming 7 Z270 MB ASRock Fatal1ty B250M Performance Motherboard Review Installing the driver for Samsung Pro 960 NVMe drive on an Asus Deluxe99 II mobo GA-Z87X-UD3H PSU OK, power light, no start upView More Forum Posts Press Releases Micron accelerates all-flash storage speed, performance and value with new flexible petabyte-scale enterprise data center solution Qualcomm Snapdragon 660 and 630 mobile platforms drive advanced photography, enhanced gaming, integrated connectivity and machine learning Toshiba demonstrates latest 64-layer BiCS Flash on client NVM Express M.2 SSD at Dell EMC World ASUS announces two Cerberus gaming peripherals ASUS Republic of Gamers announces Strix Magnus microphoneView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
Share 0 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-05-14 SNL’s Amazon Echo Silver Skit Attempts To Poke Fun At Older People, Shows Good Smart Speaker Concept Instead Entertainment, News 2017-05-14 ‘Ellen DeGeneres Show’: Nicole Kidman Spitting Out Chef’s Food, Rude Or Just A Harmless Joke? Entertainment 2017-05-14 Kelly Clarkson Chooses Between ‘The Voice’ And ‘American Idol’ Entertainment 2017-05-14 Freeform’s ‘Baby Daddy’ Canceled Or Renewed? Will The Season 6 Finale Be Its Last? News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News Opinion 2017-05-15 Dear Liberals: It’s Not Us, It’s You [Opinion] News 2017-05-14 Ivanka Trump: Just Where Is Donald Trump’s Daughter During His Most Recent White House Crisis? [Opinion] News 2017-05-14 Black Lives Matter Activists Are Reuniting Families This Mother’s Day Through ‘Free Black Mamas’ Campaign News 2017-05-14 FBI Offering $10 Million Reward For Information On Leader Of al-Nusrah Terrorist Group Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-05-15 Did CM Punk Really Sell More Merchandise Than John Cena? Basketball 2017-05-15 Are The Big Baller Brand’s ZO2 Prime Good For Basketball, Sneaker Culture? [Opinion] Baseball 2017-05-15 Recent Success Leaves Dodgers With What Appears To Be 90’s Nostalgia [Opinion] Baseball 2017-05-15 Derek Jeter Night Quickly Overtaken By Springer, Astros Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-05-11 Today Is National Eat What You Want Day! Here’s How To Score Free Food Lifestyle 2017-05-09 Mother’s Day 2017: Six Cool Last-Minute Gifts To Give Mom Lifestyle 2017-05-05 What Is Cinco De Mayo Really About? Avocados And Beer Lifestyle 2017-05-04 What Is Cinco De Mayo And Why Does It Mean Avocados Are More Expensive? Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-05-14 Cholera Outbreak: 115 Dead In Yemen ‘We Are Now Facing Serious Outbreak Of Cholera,’ Says Red Cross Health 2017-05-13 Long Eradicated Diseases Hidden In Permafrost May Run Rampant Again Thanks To Climate Change Health 2017-05-07 PPD Awareness Month: Mom Gets Real About Postpartum Depression, Shows How Life’s Not Always ‘Facebook Ready’ Health 2017-05-07 Does Johnson’s Baby Powder Cause Cancer? Woman Awarded $110.5 Million In Baby Powder Lawsuit Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Science 2017-05-14 Atheism Makes You More Intelligent: Research Gaming 2017-05-14 ‘Clash Of Clans’ Hack 2017: Free Gems Cheat Creating More Buzz Than May 2017 ‘Clash Of Clans’ Update Technology 2017-05-14 Intel To Unveil Newfangled VR Games Next Month Technology 2017-05-14 iPhone 8 To Release Non-Voice-Operated Siri With Text, Image, Video Recognition BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-05-14 Miss USA 2017 Winner – Miss D.C. Kara McCullough Loses Twitter: ‘Affordable Healthcare Is A Privilege’ BuzzWorthy 2017-05-14 600-Pound Weight Loss: Couple Who Sticks Together, Loses Weight Together BuzzWorthy 2017-05-14 Trump’s Golf Trip #21 – Trump Golfs On Mother’s Day In Sterling, Virginia, Tweets Melania ‘Happy Mother’s Day’ BuzzWorthy 2017-05-14 Is Avril Lavigne Dead And Replaced By Melissa Vandella? Here’s The Real Story Behind The Viral Hoax SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Intel To Unveil Newfangled VR Games Next Month Technology 0 0 0 May 14, 2017 Intel To Unveil Newfangled VR Games Next Month Caroline Diana Intel is all set to show off its VR expertise to gamers next month. On June 12, Intel will host its first E3 press conference at the Theatre at Ace Hotel. In a press release issued by the company, Intel stated that it is all set to demonstrate the latest in gaming, revealing exciting news and previews across games, virtual reality and e-sports. With more than 1.2 billion PC gamers worldwide, the PC platform continues to be the top choice for the best gaming experiences. Presented by the Entertainment Software Association (ESA), E3 is the world’s premier event for computer, video and mobile games. In addition to the E3 press conference, Intel will serve as the presenting sponsor for the third annual PC Gaming Show, offering back-to-back press briefings on June 12 to highlight the innovations Intel is helping drive across the industry with key partners. As the leader in making incredible gaming and VR experiences possible with the 7thGeneration Intel Core processor, and with its decade-long history in esports with Intel Extreme Masters (IEM), Intel will reveal where the PC gaming industry is headed next. PC Gaming Show The PC Gaming Show returns to E3 this year for its third event, with Intel as its presenting sponsor. The event will be hosted by PC fan-favorite, Sean “Day[9]” Plott and will showcase exclusive announcements, trailers, and discussion from many of the most exciting developers and projects on the platform. To view the live stream, tune in at twitch.tv/pcgamer. Third annual PC Gaming Show returns to shake up E3 2017 https://t.co/9mSk7tbJyY #EasternTimeZone #Intel #PCgame pic.twitter.com/Qsr9OTD2nf — AI/VR/AR (@Ai_globe) May 5, 2017 Intel Drone Light Shows Intel continues to expand the use cases for drone technology, including a novel approach to entertainment through drone light shows. Introduced less than a year ago, the Intel Shooting Star drone for light shows has dazzled audiences worldwide with its capabilities, innovation, and animations in the sky. Intel CEO Brian Krzanich recently shared the latest technology fueling the growth of autonomous applications for unmanned systems. During his presentation, Krzanich introduced new and upcoming commercial drone capabilities that demonstrate the potential of Intel technology. From commercial products like the Intel Falcon 8+ System and the MAVinci Sirius Pro System, to Intel Shooting Star drone light shows for entertainment, Intel has a range of solutions for the drone ecosystem. Intel will be collaborating with Airbus to leverage Intel drone platforms for automating aircraft inspection purposes. Jumping from #drones is your newest extreme sport https://t.co/1i7VjAIOS3 #ExtremeSports pic.twitter.com/Milip48i90 — Samuel Pavin ???? (@SamPavin) May 14, 2017 Meanwhile, on the deep learning from Intel has tied up with Microsoft. Microsoft Azure CTO Mark Russinovich recently disclosed major advances in Microsoft’s hyperscale deployment of Intel field programmable gate arrays (FPGAs). According to the company’s press release, these advances have resulted in the industry’s fastest public cloud network and new technology for acceleration of Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) that replicate “thinking” in a manner that’s conceptually similar to that of the human brain. “From our early work accelerating Bing search using FPGAs added to the Intel Xeon processor-based servers, to this new Hardware Microservices model that underlies the Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) infrastructure that Mark discussed yesterday afternoon, Microsoft is continuing to invest in novel hardware acceleration infrastructure using Intel FPGAs,” said Doug Burger, one of Microsoft’s Distinguished Engineers. “Application and server acceleration requires more processing power today to handle large and diverse workloads, as well as a careful blending of low power and high performance—or performance per Watt, which FPGAs are known for,” said Dan McNamara, corporate vice president and general manager, Programmable Solutions Group, Intel. “Whether used to solve an important business problem, or decode a genomics sequence to help cure a disease, this kind of computing in the cloud, enabled by Microsoft with help from Intel FPGAs, provides a large benefit,” he added. [Featured Image by John Locher/AP Images] Now Watch This: Uber Requires Transport License Advises Top European Court Now Read This: Runaway Black Hole Hunted Down By NASA Is 160 Million Times The Mass Of The Sun Share 0 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Caroline Diana Tags: drones, intel, virtual reality May 15, 2017 Are The Big Baller Brand’s ZO2 Prime Good For Basketball, Sneaker Culture? [Opinion] May 15, 2017 Recent Success Leaves Dodgers With What Appears To Be 90’s Nostalgia [Opinion] Comments LATEST HEADLINES Did CM Punk Really Sell More Merchandise Than John Cena? Are The Big Baller Brand’s ZO2 Prime Good For Basketball, Sneaker Culture? [Opinion] Recent Success Leaves Dodgers With What Appears To Be 90’s Nostalgia [Opinion] Dear Liberals: It’s Not Us, It’s You [Opinion] Derek Jeter Night Quickly Overtaken By Springer, Astros Punk Band PWR BTTM’s Album Release Derailed By Lead Singer’s Alleged Sexual Abuse Scandal ‘Little People, Big World’s’ Zach And Tori Welcome Baby! See The Cute First Family Photo Runaway Black Hole Hunted Down By NASA Is 160 Million Times The Mass Of The Sun ‘Dragon Ball Super’: The Pros And Cons Of Having Frieza As U7’s 10th Member [Opinion] Analysts Pick Apart Kevin O’Leary’s Sudden Withdrawal From Conservative Leadership Race In Canada Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Donald Trump Indictment: Sealed Indictment Reportedly Issued Against Trump, Will Become Basis For Impeachment 7.4k 0 0 Full List Of 2017-2018 Canceled Shows For CBS, NBC, ABC, FX, Fox, Hulu, Netflix, HBO, Starz, And More 7.1k 0 0 ‘Last Man Standing’ Canceled With 8.1M Viewers: Fans Boycott ABC Over Tim Allen’s Conservative Christian Role 9.8k 0 0 Stephen King Is Calling For Trump To Be Impeached 7.1k 0 0 Canceled TV Shows 2017 Announced For ABC, NBC, CBS, Fox, And More 4.9k 0 0 Jim Parsons, Star of ‘The Big Bang Theory’ Marries His Long Time Love In New York 3.3k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Hardware Unboxed Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Hardware intel rumor Intel Core i9 would target the high-end desktop market Yay for competition! By Julio Franco on May 14, 2017, 10:45 AM 26 comments TechSpot From self-driving cars to memory products and server chips, Intel themselves have admitted their renewed focus will be on growing markets where they see a ton of untapped potential. However in a PC market where AMD is once again challenging Intel after many years, the company won't be letting go that easily. We know for a fact Intel's eighth-generation Core CPUs will remain on the 14nm manufacturing node, and with Ryzen selling like hotcakes, we then heard the rumor that Skylake-X and Kaby Lake-X products along with their accompanying X299 chipset were expected to arrive ahead of schedule sometime around early June. A new leak via Anandtech forums brings more goodies. Code-named Basin Falls, the new quad-core Kaby Lake-X CPUs would get the Core i7 branding, while hexa, octa, 10, and 12-core Skylake-X CPUs would receive the Core i9 moniker. The table below shows what Intel would announce in time for Computex later this month: Name Cores/ Threads L3 Cache (MB) Base clock/ Turbo (GHz) PCIe Lanes Memory TDP Launch i9-7920X (Skylake-X) 12/24 16.5 TBA 44 4 x DDR4-2666 140W or 160W August 2017 i9-7900X (Skylake-X) 10/20 13.75 3.3 / 4.3 (Turbo 2.0) / 4.5 (Turbo 3.0) 44 4 x DDR4-2666 140W June 2017 i9-7820X (Skylake-X) 8/16 11 4.3 / 4.5 (Turbo 2.0) 28 4 x DDR4-2666 140W June 2017 i9-7800X (Skylake-X) 6/12 8.25 3.5 / 4.0 (Turbo 2.0) 28 4 x DDR4-2666 140W June 2017 i7-7740K (Kaby Lake-X) 4/8 8 4.3 / 4.5 (Turbo 2.0) 16 2 x DDR4-2666 112W June 2017 i7-7640K (Kaby Lake-X) 4/4 6 4.0 / 4.2 (Turbo 2.0) 16 2 x DDR4-2666 112W June 2017 Core count matters apparently, just ask AMD who is rumored to be coming up with a 16 core chip soon. However i9 chips are said to feature a third clock state called Turbo Clock 3.0, which would allow for even higher clocks in single threaded tasks. The most potent of Intel upcoming chips, the Core i9-7920X appears to be a Core i7 on steroids offering 12 cores (24 threads), 16.5MB of onboard L3 cache and a toasty 140W TDP (a second leak says 160W). Now, if Intel intends to keep its high-end CPU pricing scheme of $1,000 or above that, this is bound to be an impractical flagship with others actually competing on the mainstream market against Ryzen. We'll find out soon. Related Reads Intel rebrands their Broadwell Y line as Core M Early Intel Core M benchmarks look very impressive Rumor: Intel is working on 10-core Broadwell-E CPU 26 comments 972 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Massive ransomware attack spreads across the globe Volta V Wooden PC: An heirloom gaming machine Crowdfunded Star Citizen raises over $148 million, but release date has been postponed indefinitely Popular 26 comments Intel Core i9 would target the high-end desktop market 5 Ways to Access a Locked Windows Account 59 comments Crowdfunded Star Citizen raises over $148 million, but release date has been postponed indefinitely 32 comments Massive ransomware attack spreads across the globe 23 comments Nvidia unveils its first Volta GPU, the Tesla V100 Load Comments 26 ... User Comments: 26 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 91 Which PC case do you use? 10 Opinions On Build 14 Please Rate my PC Build 14 Realtek HD audio manager, change a mic port to a headphones port? 8 PC build Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Intel Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Navigant Consulting (NCI) Earning Somewhat Negative Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Nike (NKE) Getting Somewhat Negative Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Hologic, Inc. (HOLX) Given Buy Rating at BTIG Research Somewhat Critical News Coverage Likely to Affect Intel (INTC) Stock Price New Mexico Educational Retirement Board Sells 700 Shares of Gap Inc (GPS) New Mexico Educational Retirement Board Buys 100 Shares of Quanta Services Inc (PWR) Elkfork Partners LLC Has $528,000 Position in RPM International Inc. (RPM) Tetra Tech, Inc. (TTEK) Rating Reiterated by Sidoti Kohl's Co. (KSS) Given “Buy” Rating at Citigroup Inc Nordstrom’s (JWN) “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at Instinet Dicks Sporting Goods Inc (DKS) Rating Reiterated by Wedbush Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates Buy Rating for TechTarget Inc (TTGT) Equal Energy Ltd. (ENT) Earns “Neutral” Rating from Citigroup Inc Wells Fargo & Co Reiterates “Market Perform” Rating for Jack in the Box Inc. (JACK) Plexus Corp. (PLXS) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.72 Per Share Ulta Beauty (ULTA) Receiving Positive News Coverage, Report Shows Lam Research Co. (LRCX) Position Increased by AT Bancorp Marcus Corp (MCS) Position Decreased by US Bancorp DE Princeton Alpha Management LP Buys 336 Shares of Sabre Corp (SABR) US Bancorp DE Has $18.537 Million Position in Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. (MMC) Somewhat Critical News Coverage Likely to Affect Intel (INTC) Stock Price May 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News stories about Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) have been trending somewhat negative this week, AlphaOne reports. AlphaOne, a service of Accern, scores the sentiment of news coverage by analyzing more than 20 million news and blog sources. AlphaOne ranks coverage of companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Intel earned a news impact score of -0.07 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also gave headlines about the chip maker an impact score of 78 out of 100, meaning that recent news coverage is likely to have an impact on the company’s share price in the near term. Here are some of the news headlines that may have impacted AlphaOne Sentiment’s rankings: Former intelligence director Clapper rips Comey’s firing, says US government is ‘under assault’ (cnbc.com) MGX Minerals to Present at InvestorIntel’s 6th Annual Cleantech and Technology Metals Summit (feeds.benzinga.com) Will Intel’s Next-Gen CPUs Be Enough to Boost Its Success in the Virtual Reality Market? (fool.com) Argus Investors Counsel Inc. Has $4.134 Million Position in Intel Co. (INTC) (lightwaveonline.com) Intel’s Got a Big Problem, And Other Small Biz Tech News This Week (finance.yahoo.com) Several brokerages have recently weighed in on INTC. Sanford C. Bernstein set a $36.00 target price on shares of Intel and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, January 28th. BNP Paribas set a $39.00 target price on shares of Intel and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, January 28th. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc restated a “positive” rating on shares of Intel in a research note on Monday, January 30th. SunTrust Banks, Inc. restated a “hold” rating on shares of Intel in a research note on Monday, January 30th. Finally, Raymond James Financial, Inc. restated an “underperform” rating on shares of Intel in a research note on Monday, January 30th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, sixteen have given a hold rating and twenty-six have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $40.27. Shares of Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) traded down 0.45% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $35.53. The company had a trading volume of 19,730,842 shares. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $36.13 and its 200 day moving average price is $35.93. Intel has a 52-week low of $29.50 and a 52-week high of $38.45. The company has a market cap of $167.31 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 15.38 and a beta of 1.03. Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The chip maker reported $0.66 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.65 by $0.01. Intel had a return on equity of 20.95% and a net margin of 17.37%. The company had revenue of $14.80 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $14.80 billion. During the same period last year, the company earned $0.54 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue was up 8.0% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts expect that Intel will post $2.86 EPS for the current year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 1st. Stockholders of record on Sunday, May 7th will be given a dividend of $0.2725 per share. This represents a $1.09 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.07%. This is an increase from Intel’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.26. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 3rd. Intel’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 49.29%. In related news, insider Venkata S. M. Renduchintala sold 13,997 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, May 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $36.11, for a total transaction of $505,431.67. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 1,536 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $55,464.96. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, CEO Brian M. Krzanich sold 72,172 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $35.21, for a total value of $2,541,176.12. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now directly owns 549,091 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $19,333,494.11. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 175,814 shares of company stock valued at $6,304,562 over the last 90 days. 0.09% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/14/somewhat-critical-news-coverage-likely-to-affect-intel-intc-stock-price.html. Intel Company Profile Intel Corporation is engaged in designing and manufacturing products and technologies, such as the cloud. The Company’s segments are Client Computing Group (CCG), Data Center Group (DCG), Internet of Things Group (IOTG), Non-Volatile Memory Solutions Group (NSG), Intel Security Group (ISecG), Programmable Solutions Group (PSG), All Other and New Technology Group (NTG). Receive News & Ratings for Intel Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Next-Generation Intel Processors May Include Core i9 Variant By Adnan Farooqui on 05/14/2017 10:39 PDT It has been rumored for a couple of years that Intel may launch a higher end variant of its Core processor family but one has yet to materialize. As we await the company’s next-generation processor family, we’re once again hearing rumors that Intel could launch a Core i9 variant with the upcoming family. If a post on the Anandtech forums is believed, Intel’s next-generation processor family for enthusiasts, codenamed Basin falls, is presumably going to include both Kaby Lake-X and Skylake-X variants. The Kaby Lake models will be positioned at the lower-end of the spectrum while the Skylake-X variants will take the position up at the higher-end. An image accompanies that post which suggests that there’s going to be a higher-end variant in this entire lineup which is going to include a Core i9 variant. No further information is available about this right now so it remains to be seen how this plays out. There has been no confirmation from Intel about this just yet so we’ll have to wait and see whether or not it comes with out a Core i9 variant. It’s unclear at this point when Intel’s next-generation processor family is going to be launched. The company itself hasn’t confirmed anything about it so far. Filed in Computers. Read more about Intel. Related Articles 2017-03-29 Intel Says Its 10nm Chips Will Be A 'Full Generation' Ahead Of Samsung 2017-03-13 Intel Buys Self-Driving Car Tech Company MobilEye For $15.3 Billion 2017-02-22 Intel’s New LTE Modems Could Find Their Way Into Future iPhones 2017-02-12 Intel 8th Generation Processors Sticking With 14nm Process 2017-02-01 2017’s MacBook Pros Could Feature ARM Chips Hold On Tight, Your Flights In The Future Could Get A Lot Bumpier Samsung Galaxy S8 VS LG G6 In Speed Test Company In Sweden Embeds Microchips Into Its Employees Some Facebook Users Are Seeing A New Rocket Icon In The App Google Pulls The Plug On Its Map Maker Service Some Nintendo Switch Owners Are Reporting Warped Consoles User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Home About Advertise Newsletter Contact News - Top Vodacom to acquire Safaricom stake for R35bn News - Top Vodacom adds 3m SA customers Home Gadgets & Reviews In-depth Jerm News Opinion Adii Pienaar Adrian Schofield Alan Knott-Craig Jr Aleks Gostev Alison Gillwald Alistair Fairweather Andrew Fraser Andrew Rens Andy Marken Angus Brown Angus Hay Anton Harber Anton Meyer Antony Seeff Arno du Toit Art Coviello Ayo Ajayi Bradley Shaw Brandon Purcell Brett Parker Cameron MacKenzie Candice Jones Chris Moerdyk Chris Roper Craig Lappan Craig Neill Craig Raw Craig Wilson Danie Nel Danie Pienaar Darryl Bernstein Dave Gale Dave MacDonald David Glance David Liu David Walker De Wet Bisschoff Denis Smit Dirk de Vos Dominic Cull Don MacRobert Duncan McLeod Eckart Zollner Elaine de Beer Eric Edelstein Eric MK Osiakwan Erika van der Merwe Etienne Louw Faith Muthambi Francois Beyleveld Fungai Sibanda Gaelyn Scott Gareth Knight Gavin Davis Genna Robb Georg Kahle Gerard Soverall Gill Moodie Gisèle Wertheim Aymés Gizela Parker Graham Beneke Graham Braum Graham Friend Greg Mahlknecht Gregory Serandos Guy Zibi Helen Zille Henk Kleynhans Herman Blignaut Hillary Clinton Hilton Tarrant Howard Blake Howard Rybko Ihab Moawad Indra de Lanerolle Isaac Mophatlane Ismail Vadi Ivo Vegter Jacques Rousseau Jacqui O'Sullivan James Francis James Selfe Jan Dawson Jana van Zyl Jannie van Zyl Jason Norwood-Young Jason Xenopoulos Jasson Urbach Joe Mjwara Jose Dos Santos Juanita Clark Justin McCarthy Justin Schwellnus Justin Spratt Karl Muller Kathleen Rice Keith Jones Keith Thabo Kenny Inggs Kevin Phillips Lara Pienaar Lawrence Lundy Leon G Marincowitz Leon Louw Lisa Thornton Lloyd Gedye Luke Muller Maphanga Maseko Marc Ashton Marcel Kramer Marian Shinn Marius Burger Mark Acton Mark Pretorius Mark Seftel Mark Taylor Mark Whitby Martha Bennett Matthew French Michael Jordaan Mike Mulcahy Mophethe Moletsane Muzi Makhaye Nafisa Akabor Nathan Jeffery Nathaniel Borenstein Neil Campbell Neil Watson Nic Callegari Nick Crail Nick Jones Owen Dean Pallo Jordan Paris Mashile Pascal Matzke Patricia de Lille Patrick Gaspard Paul Jacobson Paul Theron Peter Karaszi Peter Streicher Peter Walsh Pieter Steyn Prenesh Padayachee Pria Chetty Rachel Sikwane Regardt van der Berg Reshaad Sha Richard Firth Richard Mullins Rob Lith Roger Hislop Romeo Kumalo Russel Yeo Russell Lamberti Russell Southwood Ryk van Niekerk Saki Missaikos Sasha Naryshkine Schalk Nolte Shameel Joosub Shashi Hansjee Simon Dingle Sipho Hlongwane Sipho Maseko Siya Qoza Siyabonga Cwele Siyabonga Madyibi Songezo Zibi Steve Song Steven Ambrose Steven Cohen Styli Charalambous Sunil Gopal Suveer Ramdhani Tawana Kupe Thabiso Moerane Tim Genders Tim James Tim Parle Tim Shier Tim Walter Tim Wyatt-Gunning Timothy Kroon Toby Shapshak Tony Gunnarsson Verashni Pillay Vicky Stilwell Vincent Hoogduijn Vinolan David William Stucke Willington Ngwepe Yunus Carrim Zunaid Bulbulia People Podcasts TalkCentral TechCentral ZA Tech Show Start-ups Weekend About Advertise Newsletter Contact Qualcomm’s antitrust woes mount Samsung Electronics and Intel weighed in with their own gripes about Qualcomm while cheering on the US Federal Trade Commission’s lawsuit accusing the chip maker of trying to corner the market for semiconductors used in smartphones. By Ian King. Added by Agency Staff on 14 May 2017. Saved under World Tags: Intel, Qualcomm, Samsung Tweet A Snapdragon processor made by Qualcomm Samsung Electronics and Intel weighed in with their own gripes about Qualcomm while cheering on the US Federal Trade Commission’s lawsuit accusing the chip maker of trying to corner the market for semiconductors used in smartphones. The South Korean company, one of Qualcomm’s largest customers, and Intel, one of its biggest competitors, filed arguments Friday in support of the FTC’s case against Qualcomm. Both contend the San Diego-based company stops them from competing fairly against it by leveraging patents that cover the fundamentals of modern phone systems. “Intel is ready, willing and able to compete on the merits in this market that Qualcomm has dominated for years,” Intel said in a posting on its website. “But Qualcomm has maintained an interlocking web of abusive patent and commercial practices that subverts competition on the merits.” Samsung claims its in-house chip unit is artificially held back by Qualcomm’s unwillingness to license its technology. “Despite having requested a licence from Qualcomm, Samsung cannot sell licensed Exynos chipsets to non-Samsung entities because Qualcomm has refused to license Samsung to make and sell licensed chipsets,” Samsung said in a filing. Samsung, the world’s biggest smartphone maker, uses a mixture of suppliers — including itself and Qualcomm — for the crucial components in its handsets. Qualcomm didn’t immediately respond to requests seeking comment on the filings. The company is trying to fend off a series of legal and regulatory challenges to its business practices around the world, including a suit by Apple, one of its largest customers. The chip maker gets most of its profits from selling the rights to use patents that are essential to all modern mobile phone systems. Many of the cases target the link between those licence fees and its semiconductor business. Earlier Friday, the FTC urged a judge to reject Qualcomm’s request for dismissal of the agency’s case. The allegations “present a forceful antitrust case”, the commission said in a filing in federal court in San Jose, California. A hearing is set for 15 June. Qualcomm general counsel Don Rosenberg said last month that the FTC’s complaint is riddled with ”fallacies and failures”. “The Federal Trade Commission’s latest submission to the court does nothing to cure the fundamental flaws in its complaint against Qualcomm: no coherent theory of competitive harm and no allegations of the type of conduct that the antitrust laws are designed to address,” Qualcomm said on Friday in a statement. “The complaint therefore should be dismissed.” Shares of Qualcomm, the world’s fourth largest chip maker, have slumped this year on concern that the growing legal challenges will hurt its main source of profit. The stock has lost 15% in 2017 compared to a 15% gain by the benchmark Philadelphia Stock Exchange Semiconductor Index.  — (c) 2017 Bloomberg LP Reported with assistance from Susan Decker Share this article Tweet Connect with TechCentral Follow TechCentral on Twitter Connect with TechCentral on Facebook Connect with TechCentral on Google+ Subscribe to our newsletter Articles by comments (7 days) 7Gov’t reverses course on TV encryption 5Telkom rockets higher on earnings 5Samsung replaces ADH for S8, S8+ 5How Takealot will spend the Naspers millions 4Brian Molefe to return as Eskom CEO Home About Advertise Newsletter Contact RSS ↑ TechCentral TechCentral Log in - (c) 2009 - 2015 NewsCentral Media
Liliputing LPX Show Mini PCs Reviews Deals Shop About Contact us Advertise on Liliputing About Liliputing Privacy Statement Rumor: Intel to crank desktop chips up to Core i9 05/14/2017 at 7:00 AM by Brad Linder 8 Comments For much of the past decade, Intel has been dividing its flagship processors into Core i3, Core i5, and Core i7 chips. Generally speaking, the higher the number, the higher the performance. But now it looks like Intel may be kicking things up a notch. According to a leaked slide published by AnandTech forum member Sweepr, Intel could launch its first Core i9 processors this summer. Sweepr/AnandTech forum If the data in the slide is accurate, the first Core i9 chips will be part of the Skylake-X family of high-power desktop chips, with models ranging from the Core i9-7800X processor with 6 CPU cores to the Core i9-7920X with 12 CPU cores. Each of the new processors is a 140 watt chip with support for quad-channel DDR4-2666 memory and support for hyperthreading (which means, for example, that the 12-core chip can handle 24 simultaneous threads). There are also a couple of 112 watt, quad-core Intel Kaby Lake-X chips set to launch around the same time, but despite being based on a newer chip architecture, their spec sheets look generally less impressive. We won’t know how Intel’s new Core i9 chips stack up against existing Core i7 processors or AMD’s new Ryzen chips until we start to see some real-world performance tests. But with AMD’s new chips offering competitive performance at a much lower price, it’ll be interesting to see if Intel’s next chips offer enough of a performance boost to help set them apart from AMD… and to justify the decision to introduce the Core i9 name. via HotHardware Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Email Leave a Reply 8 Comments on "Rumor: Intel to crank desktop chips up to Core i9" Login with Notify of new follow-up comments new replies to my comments Notify of new replies to this comment Notify of new replies to this comment Sort by:   newest | oldest | most voted Guest bolomkxxviii Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. Yep. This move feels like Intel reacting to AMDs competition…weather it is the truth or not. Vote Up0Vote Down  Reply 19 hours 45 minutes ago Member zdanee Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. Sooo… basically workstation-class Xeons get a new name? Vote Up3Vote Down  Reply 16 hours 21 minutes ago Guest Jeff Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. Or they could have made a Core i1. Nothing has changed. It’s all marketing BS. Vote Up5Vote Down  Reply 15 hours 20 minutes ago Guest roni Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. for Core i9 to compete with AMD cpu, they will need to lower Core i7 price, and Core i5 and Core i3 as well Vote Up0Vote Down  Reply 9 hours 27 minutes ago Guest Alan Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. From the forum post: Sweepr: “Will share the image you guys want as soon as I’m allowed to.” Why would he be allowed to leak information? Sounds like someone’s going to get fired. Vote Up0Vote Down  Reply 7 hours 22 minutes ago Guest Adophe Drumpfeld Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. Sometimes leaks are all part of a well planned corporate strateg and a leak done well can really help the stock price. Vote Up0Vote Down  Reply 3 hours 29 minutes ago Guest Kangal Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. So, its just Intel’s current Xeon processors getting a rebranding to Core i9. I suspect there will be some price shuffling too, just enough to make Intel look good. I guess this will confuse the market just enough for people to start comparing AMD’s high-end Ryzen 1800X to Core i9’s… and have people thinking: ” Wow, Intel’s similar chip offers better performance, energy and thermal attributes. And possibly better software features and optimisations. But it costs $750 instead of $500. Guess you pay for quality. ” Then again, this PPT Slide could very easily be made up/hoaxed. AMD’s Ryzen doesn’t mean anything for Intel, AMD might actually make a profit… but Intel’s revenue won’t be affected. So Intel hardly needs to react to Ryzen unless, in the near future, they’re going for OEMs and Servers sales directly. Vote Up1Vote Down  Reply 7 hours 3 minutes ago Guest eertt Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. why 12 not 16? Vote Up0Vote Down  Reply 31 minutes 11 seconds ago Latest News Say hello to Motorola’s 2017 smartphone lineup (Moto Z, X, G, E, C leaks) Details about Motorola's smartphone plans for 2017 have been leaking for a … [Read More...] Rumor: Intel to crank desktop chips up to Core i9 For much of the past decade, Intel has been dividing its flagship processors … [Read More...] You can’t download Netflix on rooted, unlocked Android phones anymore (from the Play Store, at least) Have a rooted Android phone, or one with an unlocked bootloader? Then you may … [Read More...] Deals Deals of the Day (5-12-2017) Some folks insist that Chromebooks aren't "real" laptops. But for the past few … [Read More...] Featured articles Differences between Windows 10 S, Home, Pro, Enterprise, and Education This week Microsoft introduced a new version of Windows 10 which is designed for … [Read More...] Acer’s 2017 mid-year product lineup: New tablets, notebooks, and a 360-degree camera that makes phone calls Acer is unveiling its back-to-school product lineup at an event in New York City … [Read More...] This might be the best MP3 player you can get for $1.50 Need a cheap MP3 player? It doesn't get much cheaper than the Simplicity Fashion … [Read More...] Latest news from the LPX Show LPX Episode 14: Adapted (Kaomi Goetz on Korean international adoptees returning to Korea) LPX Episode 13: Someone is wrong on the internet! (Snopes editor Brooke Binkowski on fake news & real journalism) LPX Episode 12: Superbook turns your smartphone into a laptop Subscribe to the LPX Show Subscribe at LPXShow.com Disclosure: Some links on this page are monetized by Skimlinks and Amazon's and eBay's affiliate programs. Copyright © 2017 Liliputing · Go to top of page Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. You are going to send email to Send Move Comment Move
Bloombergtechnology Intel and Samsung Gang Up on Qualcomm, Backing FTC Monopoly Suit by Ian King More stories by Ian King May 12, 2017, 4:55 PM EDT May 12, 2017, 7:25 PM EDT Samsung says Qualcomm stops it from selling modems to others South Korean firm is one of biggest users of Qualcomm chips Photographer: Alexander Koerner/Getty Images Samsung Electronics Co. and Intel Corp. weighed in with their own gripes about  Qualcomm Inc. while cheering on the U.S. Federal Trade Commission’s lawsuit accusing the chipmaker of trying to corner the market for semiconductors used in smartphones. The South Korean company, one of Qualcomm’s largest customers, and Intel, one of its biggest competitors, filed arguments Friday in support of the FTC’s case against Qualcomm. Both contend the San Diego-based company stops them from competing fairly against it by leveraging patents that cover the fundamentals of modern phone systems. “Intel is ready, willing, and able to compete on the merits in this market that Qualcomm has dominated for years,” Intel said in a posting on its website. “But Qualcomm has maintained an interlocking web of abusive patent and commercial practices that subverts competition on the merits.” Samsung claims its in-house chip unit is artificially held back by Qualcomm’s unwillingness to license its technology.  License Refused “Despite having requested a license from Qualcomm, Samsung cannot sell licensed Exynos chipsets to non-Samsung entities because Qualcomm has refused to license Samsung to make and sell licensed chipsets,” Samsung said in a filing. Samsung, the world’s biggest smartphone maker, uses a mixture of suppliers -- including itself and Qualcomm -- for the crucial components in its handsets. Qualcomm didn’t immediately respond to requests seeking comment on the filings. The company is trying to fend off a series of legal and regulatory challenges to its business practices around the world, including a suit by Apple Inc., one of its largest customers. The chipmaker gets most of its profits from selling the rights to use patents that are essential to all modern mobile phone systems. Many of the cases target the link between those license fees and its semiconductor business. Earlier Friday, the FTC urged a judge to reject Qualcomm’s request for dismissal of the agency’s case. The allegations “present a forceful antitrust case,” the commission said in a filing in federal court in San Jose, California. A hearing is set for June 15. Qualcomm General Counsel Don Rosenberg said last month that the FTC’s complaint is riddled with ”fallacies and failures.” “The Federal Trade Commission’s latest submission to the court does nothing to cure the fundamental flaws in its complaint against Qualcomm: no coherent theory of competitive harm and no allegations of the type of conduct that the antitrust laws are designed to address,” Qualcomm said Friday in a statement. “The complaint therefore should be dismissed.” Shares of Qualcomm, the world’s fourth-largest chipmaker, have slumped this year on concern that the growing legal challenges will hurt its main source of profit. The stock has lost 15 percent in 2017 compared with a 15 percent gain by the benchmark Philadelphia Stock Exchange Semiconductor Index. The case is Federal Trade Commission v. Qualcomm Inc., 17-cv-00220, U.S. District Court, Northern District of California (San Jose). Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read New Wave of Ransom Threats Seen in Unprecedented Global Attack This Caribbean Bank Wants Chinese Money No One Else Will Touch China Eyes U.S. Energy After Inking $20 Billion in Deals In Cashless Sweden, Even God Now Takes Collection Via an App Putin Sits Down at Piano in China, Plays Soviet Songs
Share 2 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-05-14 SNL’s Amazon Echo Silver Skit Attempts To Poke Fun At Older People, Shows Good Smart Speaker Concept Instead Entertainment, News 2017-05-14 ‘Ellen DeGeneres Show’: Nicole Kidman Spitting Out Chef’s Food, Rude Or Just A Harmless Joke? Entertainment 2017-05-14 Kelly Clarkson Chooses Between ‘The Voice’ And ‘American Idol’ Entertainment 2017-05-14 Freeform’s ‘Baby Daddy’ Canceled Or Renewed? Will The Season 6 Finale Be Its Last? News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News Opinion 2017-05-15 Dear Liberals: It’s Not Us, It’s You [Opinion] News 2017-05-14 Ivanka Trump: Just Where Is Donald Trump’s Daughter During His Most Recent White House Crisis? [Opinion] News 2017-05-14 Black Lives Matter Activists Are Reuniting Families This Mother’s Day Through ‘Free Black Mamas’ Campaign News 2017-05-14 FBI Offering $10 Million Reward For Information On Leader Of al-Nusrah Terrorist Group Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Basketball 2017-05-15 Are The Big Baller Brand’s ZO2 Prime Good For Basketball, Sneaker Culture? [Opinion] Baseball 2017-05-15 Recent Success Leaves Dodgers With What Appears To Be 90’s Nostalgia [Opinion] Baseball 2017-05-15 Derek Jeter Night Quickly Overtaken By Springer, Astros Baseball 2017-05-14 New York Yankees Trade Rumors: Is Team Doomed Following Aroldis Chapman Injury? Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-05-11 Today Is National Eat What You Want Day! Here’s How To Score Free Food Lifestyle 2017-05-09 Mother’s Day 2017: Six Cool Last-Minute Gifts To Give Mom Lifestyle 2017-05-05 What Is Cinco De Mayo Really About? Avocados And Beer Lifestyle 2017-05-04 What Is Cinco De Mayo And Why Does It Mean Avocados Are More Expensive? Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-05-14 Cholera Outbreak: 115 Dead In Yemen ‘We Are Now Facing Serious Outbreak Of Cholera,’ Says Red Cross Health 2017-05-13 Long Eradicated Diseases Hidden In Permafrost May Run Rampant Again Thanks To Climate Change Health 2017-05-07 PPD Awareness Month: Mom Gets Real About Postpartum Depression, Shows How Life’s Not Always ‘Facebook Ready’ Health 2017-05-07 Does Johnson’s Baby Powder Cause Cancer? Woman Awarded $110.5 Million In Baby Powder Lawsuit Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Science 2017-05-14 Atheism Makes You More Intelligent: Research Gaming 2017-05-14 ‘Clash Of Clans’ Hack 2017: Free Gems Cheat Creating More Buzz Than May 2017 ‘Clash Of Clans’ Update Technology 2017-05-14 Intel To Unveil Newfangled VR Games Next Month Technology 2017-05-14 iPhone 8 To Release Non-Voice-Operated Siri With Text, Image, Video Recognition BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-05-14 Miss USA 2017 Winner – Miss D.C. Kara McCullough Loses Twitter: ‘Affordable Healthcare Is A Privilege’ BuzzWorthy 2017-05-14 600-Pound Weight Loss: Couple Who Sticks Together, Loses Weight Together BuzzWorthy 2017-05-14 Trump’s Golf Trip #21 – Trump Golfs On Mother’s Day In Sterling, Virginia, Tweets Melania ‘Happy Mother’s Day’ BuzzWorthy 2017-05-14 Is Avril Lavigne Dead And Replaced By Melissa Vandella? Here’s The Real Story Behind The Viral Hoax SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss MacBook Pro 2017 Would Be Apple’s ‘Most Significantly Redesigned Product’ Of 2017, Says Analyst Gadgets 2 0 0 May 14, 2017 MacBook Pro 2017 Would Be Apple’s ‘Most Significantly Redesigned Product’ Of 2017, Says Analyst Simon Alvarez The current iteration of the MacBook Pro, which was revealed late last year, was an admirable, if not significantly flawed device. Though the machines were incredibly sleek, many professional users took issue with the MacBook Pro 2016’s lack of upgrade options. Fortunately, if one of the tech community’s most accurate Apple analysts is any indication, it appears that the 2017 iteration of the MBP would be far superior to its predecessor. According to a CultofMac report, the 2017 MacBook Pro would feature much of the features that were missing on the 2016 devices. Among these would be expandable memory, a much-loved feature that was unfortunately left out in the 2016 MBP. Ming-Chi-Kuo, arguably the tech industry’s most accurate Apple analyst, stated that 2017 would be the year when Apple finally put the “pro” back in the MacBook Pro. In fact, Kuo has reported that among Apple’s devices for 2017, the MacBook Pro would be “the most significantly redesigned product this year.” Interestingly, this particular decision appears to have been encouraged by the fact that numerous professional users shunned the sleek powerhouse machine due to its severe limitations. Also impressive is the fact that the analyst affirmed that the 2017 MacBook Pro would finally feature a variant with 32GB of RAM. This particular configuration is something that professional users would definitely appreciate, seeing as one of the 2016 MBP’s biggest limitations was its 16GB RAM limit. I love the new Apple touch bar. It makes finding & selecting a tab in Safari so easy. pic.twitter.com/xrAhW8ROlO — VM (Vicky) Brasseur (@vmbrasseur) May 11, 2017 Considering that the 2017 MacBook Pro would be featuring expandable memory, the noted Apple analyst stated that the upcoming machines would also be fitted with a line of newer, more powerful and more power-efficient chips. According to a Paste report, the 2017 MacBook Pro would finally feature Intel’s powerful, efficient Kaby Lake processors. The MacBook Pro 2016 was launched with much fanfare, and two of its variants even debuted with the Touch Bar, a feature that has never been seen before. Inasmuch as the device was full of bells and whistles, however, it was severely lacking in one particular department — its processor. While the device was stunning in design, its processors were aging Skylake chips, which were inferior to Intel’s industry-leading Kaby Lake processors. Apart from their lack of power, Skylake chips were also limited when it came to their supported laptop-grade memory, resulting in the MBP 2016’s 16GB cap on RAM. With Kaby Lake chips on board, however, Apple could increase the MacBook Pro 2017’s memory to 32GB of RAM. Coupled with the advanced Intel Kaby Lake chips, the processors would enable the MacBook Pro 2017 to truly perform according to its reputation and “Pro” moniker. This, of course, would most likely encourage avid Apple users who skipped out on the 2016 MBP due to the device’ limitations to finally go for an upgrade. The number of users still utilizing a souped-up 2012 MacBook Pro to this day is still very significant, after all. Apple Macbook Pro 15.4" Retina Quad-core i7 2.6Ghz 16GB 256GB Pro 450 with Touch ID & Touch Bar Space Grey – MLH32https://t.co/ehFUXL7fIM pic.twitter.com/jMfOAAlf5A — M.Z.H M.B.Z (@MZHMBZ1) May 11, 2017 Kuo, however, stated that while the MacBook Pro 2017 would surely be fitted with numerous upgrades, the device would not be available until late into the year. The analyst predicted that the top-tier 15-inch MacBook Pro 2017, which would feature 32GB of RAM and an advanced Intel Kaby Lake processor, would start production in Q4 2017, which would result in the device being available for customers almost at the end of the year. While the wait for the upgraded devices would be significant, the noted Apple analyst has stated that those looking to purchase Apple laptops this year would have a lot to look forward to. For one, the entry-level MacBook Pro without Touch Bar would most likely have its price reduced by a significant margin, making it an ideal replacement for the outgoing 13-inch MacBook Air. Overall, Apple fans would need some patience before purchasing a 2017 MBP, but when it does come out, it would surely be worth it. [Featured Image by Stephen Lam/Getty Images] Share 2 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Simon Alvarez Tags: Apple, macbook pro, MacBook Pro 2017 December 14, 2012 Woman Tasered Trying To Buy Too Many iPhones [Video] December 14, 2012 Atlantic Mollies Go Gay To Get Females: Scientists Study Purpose Of Homosexual Behavior In Animals Comments LATEST HEADLINES Recent Success Leaves Dodgers With What Appears To Be 90’s Nostalgia [Opinion] Dear Liberals: It’s Not Us, It’s You [Opinion] Derek Jeter Night Quickly Overtaken By Springer, Astros Punk Band PWR BTTM’s Album Release Derailed By Lead Singer’s Alleged Sexual Abuse Scandal ‘Little People, Big World’s’ Zach And Tori Welcome Baby! See The Cute First Family Photo Runaway Black Hole Hunted Down By NASA Is 160 Million Times The Mass Of The Sun ‘Dragon Ball Super’: The Pros And Cons Of Having Frieza As U7’s 10th Member [Opinion] Analysts Pick Apart Kevin O’Leary’s Sudden Withdrawal From Conservative Leadership Race In Canada iPhone SE Series 2 Will Be Made Of Glass, Release Date On WWDC? ‘James Bond’: Is Charlie Hunnam Top Contender To Play 007? ‘Sons Of Anarchy’ Alum Says Not Happening Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Donald Trump Indictment: Sealed Indictment Reportedly Issued Against Trump, Will Become Basis For Impeachment 7.4k 0 0 Full List Of 2017-2018 Canceled Shows For CBS, NBC, ABC, FX, Fox, Hulu, Netflix, HBO, Starz, And More 7.1k 0 0 ‘Last Man Standing’ Canceled With 8.1M Viewers: Fans Boycott ABC Over Tim Allen’s Conservative Christian Role 9.8k 0 0 Stephen King Is Calling For Trump To Be Impeached 7.1k 0 0 Canceled TV Shows 2017 Announced For ABC, NBC, CBS, Fox, And More 4.9k 0 0 Tom Price, Who Is Linked To Arrested Reporter, Is Subject Of Congressional Ethics Complaints 457 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Help Make A Great 2017: Did you know that you can get Phoronix Premium for under $3 per month? Try it today to view our site ad-free, multi-page articles on a single page, and more while the proceeds allow us to write more Linux hardware reviews. The Many New Features Of The Linux 4.12 Kernel Written by Michael Larabel in Software on 14 May 2017. Page 1 of 1. Add A Comment With the Linux 4.12 merge window now over, here is a look at some of the most exciting features that were added to the Linux kernel for this next installment. In monitoring the mailing list and Git activity the past two weeks, the material that got me excited for Linux 4.12 include the following features: DRM/Graphics: The Direct Rendering Manager (DRM) material was exciting as always. DRM dominated the changes for Linux 4.12 due to the major additions around Radeon RX Vega support and all the Vega 10 register header files. Initial Radeon RX Vega support obviously tops our list. But for Linux 4.12 this is very initial support for these soon-to-launch GPUs. But don't get too excited as the DC display code didn't make it for 4.12 so there is not any monitor/display support for Vega. When these GPUs launch soon you'll need to build your own out-of-tree kernel or use AMDGPU-PRO. More Vega Linux details when these GPUs launch. Also exciting in the DRM space is Intel atomic mode-setting by default. The Intel atomic code has matured in-tree for a number of cycles now and it's good enough where they have decided to turn it on out-of-the-box. Exciting for open-source NVIDIA graphics with Linux 4.12 is initial GTX 1000 "Pascal" accelerated support. The consumer Pascal cards now have hardware acceleration support when paired with NVIDIA's recently released firmware images for the GTX 1050/1060/1070/1080 series. But -- like the current Maxwell support -- there isn't yet any re-clocking support so it's very slow. There are also a range of other DRM updates for Linux 4.12. Disk / File-Systems: Two new I/O schedulers make things exciting in the block layer. The BFQ (Budget Fair Queueing) finally landed in mainline as well as the Facebook-developed Kyber I/O scheduler. I've already done some SSD Linux 4.12 I/O scheduler tests while more benchmarks (including on HDDs) will be done soon. XFS support for GETFSMAP, a new ioctl for returning space mapping information. EXT4 also picked up GETFSMAP support as well as some performance tuning/fixes. Btrfs meanwhile has some long-awaited RAID 5/6 fixes. The F2FS flash file-system has seen various optimizations and fixes. Also noteworthy are more MD RAID optimizations. Processors: More work on POWER9 and the POWER architecture now supports up to 512TB of virtual address space with this updated Linux kernel. Intel meanwhile is still working on 5-level paging support to allow up to 128 PiB of virtual address space and up to 4 PiB of physical address space. For Intel hardware there are also P-State and Schedutil updates this cycle. The Intel P-State driver is finally in good shape on recent kernel releases. For Intel's upcoming Geminilake SoCs there have also been power management updates. Also new is a 9pfs front-end driver for Xen. Over in KVM space are many different changes. Being dropped from Linux 4.12 is the removal of the AVR32 architecture. Over in the ARM space are numerous ARM64 updates. Continued work on supporting NVIDIA's Tegra 186 / Parker / TX2, the new SoC found on the Jetson TX2. Other new ARM platform/SoC coverage includes the i/MX28 Duckbill platform being supported, the old Motorola DROID4 smartphone is now supported by the mainline kernel, Orange Pi PC2 support, and Rockchip RK3399/RK3288 SoC support, among other new additions. For Raspberry Pi fans, there is now a Broadcom BCM2835 thermal driver. Other Hardware: Finally there's a USB Type-C port manager. The Intel RealSense SR300 camera is now supported by mainline. Like with most kernel cycles, various Intel laptop improvements and quirk additions. Also on the Intel front is Bluetooth support for the Edison module. Another common theme each cycle are more Linux sound driver fixes. New input device support includes the Razer Sabertooth and Mad Catz Brawlstick being supported. Security: KASLR is now on by default for x86 systems in the name of security, Kernel Address Space Layout Randomization. There's also early work on the Linux kernel lock-down mode that eventually will further lock-down the system when running in UEFI SecureBoot mode. Various IOMMU updates and optimizations. The TEE subsystem and drivers have been added as the ARM-focused Trusted Execution Environment. Other: A lot of staging updates that amount to 350k lines of new code. For those making use of the in-kernel live-patching infrastructure, there have been some module loading speed improvements for certain out-of-tree modules. Overall, Linux 4.12 is a very big kernel update and adds more than one million new lines to the kernel. Stay tuned for more Linux 4.12 coverage and benchmarks in the days/weeks ahead on Phoronix. Tweet Add A Comment About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Articles LLVM Clang 3.9.1, Clang 4.0 & GCC 6.3 With Intel's Clear Linux GCC Compiler Tests At A Variety Of Optimization Levels Using Clear Linux A Look At The Changes & New Features Of GNOME 3.24 Trying Out LLVM 4.0's LLD Linker On Ubuntu 17.04 vs. GNU LD, GNU Gold GCC vs. LLVM Clang Compiler Performance On AMD's Ryzen Trending Linux News GIMP 2.8.22 Released, Fixes A 10 Year Old CVE Westfield: Wayland For HTML5/JavaScript KDE 4/5 Affected By A Root Exploit Vulnerability Valve Puts The Steam Controller & Steam Link Back On Sale It's Now Possible To Run Fedora On Chromebooks With Wayland Latest Linux News Git Statistics Showing The Rate Of Change For Linux 4.12 Development KDE Frameworks 5.34 Released FreeType 2.8 Completes OpenType Variation Fonts Support Freedreno Gallium3D Gets Hardware Binning For A5xx Linux 4.12-rc1 Kernel Released One Day Early Coreboot Ported To Another Core 2 Era Motherboard: G41C-GS Razer Sabertooth & Mad Catz Brawlstick Support In Linux 4.12 Linux 4.12 Gained A Lot Of Weight: More Than One Million New Lines VC4 Raspberry Pi 3D Driver Development Has Been Busy This Spring More DRM Fixes Make It In Time For Linux 4.12-rc1, Lots Of Vega Work Latest Featured Articles The Many New Features Of The Linux 4.12 Kernel RADV vs. AMDGPU-PRO Vulkan Performance vs. OpenGL In May 2017 Benchmarking The New RadeonSI/Gallium3D Threaded Support Linux 4.12 I/O Scheduler Benchmarks: BFQ, Kyber, Etc Radeon RX 550: AMDGPU-PRO vs. DRM-Next + Mesa 17.2-dev Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Intel Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Position Increased by Stillwater Investment Management LLC Walt Disney Co (DIS) Shares Bought by Mutual of Omaha Bank Wealth Management Bank of Montreal Can Sells 1,319 Shares of SpartanNash Co (SPTN) Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Stake Increased by Koshinski Asset Management Inc. Koshinski Asset Management Inc. Increases Position in Facebook Inc (FB) Lynch & Associates IN Raises Position in Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Intel Co. (INTC) Shares Bought by Lynch & Associates IN Augustine Asset Management Inc. Raises Position in Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Retail Opportunity Investments Corp (ROIC) Stake Decreased by Creative Planning Creative Planning Buys Shares of 1,607 Pinnacle Financial Partners (PNFP) FY2017 EPS Estimates for AirBoss of America Corp Cut by Cormark (BOS) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Fiera Capital Corp Boosted by Analyst (FSZ) Short Interest in DragonWave, Inc.(USA) (DRWI) Grows By 2.6% Clarus Securities Comments on Raging River Exploration Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (RRX) Torc Oil And Gas Ltd to Post FY2017 Earnings of $0.02 Per Share, Clarus Securities Forecasts (TOG) National Bank Financial Comments on Temple Hotels Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (TPH) DA Davidson Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for TCP Capital Corp (TCPC) Brokers Offer Predictions for Willis Towers Watson PLC’s FY2017 Earnings (WLTW) Hills Bank & Trust Co. Has $655,000 Position in Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Catawba Capital Management VA Has $5.753 Million Stake in Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Intel Co. (INTC) Shares Bought by Lynch & Associates IN May 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Lynch & Associates IN raised its position in shares of Intel Co. (NASDAQ:INTC) by 6.3% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 184,535 shares of the chip maker’s stock after buying an additional 10,917 shares during the period. Intel comprises 2.7% of Lynch & Associates IN’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 9th largest position. Lynch & Associates IN’s holdings in Intel were worth $6,656,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other large investors have also bought and sold shares of INTC. Edmond DE Rothschild Monaco acquired a new stake in Intel during the third quarter worth approximately $113,000. Jacobus Wealth Management Inc. acquired a new stake in Intel during the third quarter worth approximately $119,000. Fusion Family Wealth LLC acquired a new stake in Intel during the fourth quarter worth approximately $133,000. FNY Partners Fund LP acquired a new stake in Intel during the fourth quarter worth approximately $145,000. Finally, Security Asset Management acquired a new stake in Intel during the fourth quarter worth approximately $162,000. 65.90% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Intel Co. (NASDAQ:INTC) opened at 35.53 on Friday. The stock has a market capitalization of $167.31 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 15.38 and a beta of 1.03. Intel Co. has a 12-month low of $29.50 and a 12-month high of $38.45. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $36.12 and a 200 day moving average of $35.92. Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The chip maker reported $0.66 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.65 by $0.01. The company had revenue of $14.80 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $14.80 billion. Intel had a net margin of 17.37% and a return on equity of 20.95%. Intel’s quarterly revenue was up 8.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted $0.54 earnings per share. Equities analysts forecast that Intel Co. will post $2.86 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 1st. Shareholders of record on Sunday, May 7th will be paid a $0.2725 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 3rd. This is a positive change from Intel’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.26. This represents a $1.09 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.07%. Intel’s payout ratio is currently 49.29%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/14/intel-co-intc-shares-bought-by-lynch-associates-in.html. INTC has been the topic of a number of recent analyst reports. Canaccord Genuity reissued a “buy” rating and set a $43.00 price target on shares of Intel in a report on Thursday, January 19th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Deutsche Bank AG reissued a “buy” rating and set a $47.00 price target on shares of Intel in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. Needham & Company LLC raised their price target on Intel from $42.00 to $43.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, January 27th. B. Riley reissued a “buy” rating and set a $44.00 price target on shares of Intel in a report on Friday, January 27th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC decreased their price target on Intel from $46.00 to $45.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a report on Friday, January 27th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, sixteen have issued a hold rating and twenty-six have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $40.27. In other Intel news, insider Stacy J. Smith sold 29,497 shares of Intel stock in a transaction on Friday, April 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $36.28, for a total value of $1,070,151.16. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 318,654 shares in the company, valued at $11,560,767.12. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, insider Diane M. Bryant sold 2,119 shares of Intel stock in a transaction on Wednesday, April 26th. The shares were sold at an average price of $36.96, for a total transaction of $78,318.24. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 107,285 shares in the company, valued at $3,965,253.60. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders sold 175,814 shares of company stock worth $6,304,562. 0.09% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. About Intel Intel Corporation is engaged in designing and manufacturing products and technologies, such as the cloud. The Company’s segments are Client Computing Group (CCG), Data Center Group (DCG), Internet of Things Group (IOTG), Non-Volatile Memory Solutions Group (NSG), Intel Security Group (ISecG), Programmable Solutions Group (PSG), All Other and New Technology Group (NTG). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding INTC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Intel Co. (NASDAQ:INTC). Receive News & Ratings for Intel Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
About Cookies We want you to enjoy your visit to our website. That's why we use cookies to enhance your experience. By staying on our website you agree to our use of cookies. More info about cookies. Accept & close Book an Ad Business Directory Local Info Dating Buy Sell Our Facebook feeds Like Wilts&Glos Standard on Facebook Get all the latest news via Facebook Add Malmesbury Standard on Facebook Get all the latest Malmesbury news via Facebook Our Twitter feeds Follow @WiltsAndGlosStd Get all the latest news via twitter Follow @MalmsStandard For all Malmesbury news Register | Sign In Search Cirencester 7°c News Sport jobs Letters Business What's On Property Announcements Cars education Sections Search SportNational Sport News Cotswolds newsNorth Wilts newsNational NewsSend us your PhotosOur Reporters Sport National Sport Letters Jobs Search JobsPost a JobJob NewsNewsquest Application Form Business What's On MusicWhat's OnNightlifeComedyTheatreExhibitionsFairs & MarketsCar Boot SalesNational Entertainment News Property Property for saleProperty for rentFind agentsHouse pricesProperty NewsOnline Edition Announcements Death NoticesPublic NoticesIn MemoriamAcknowledgementsBirthdaysAnniversariesGreetingsBirthsAllPublic NoticesObituaries Cars Used Car DealsNew Car DealsSell Your Car Education Secondary SchoolsCollegesOfsted Top RatedEventsParents' Guides Send us your news Have you got a local story, picture or video you would like to send to us? Send it to us now for a chance to get published. Services JobsBusiness DirectoryLocal InfoDatingBuy SellBook an Ad FOOTBALL: Intel are champions as The Beeches miss out on rare treble The Beeches managers Ashley Warriner, left, and Russell Jones with the Alexcars Senior Charities Cup and CIA Arthur Shipway Cup / Wilts & Glos Standard Sport THE BEECHES narrowly failed to make history on Saturday when, despite winning their final game 4-0 against Wheatsheaf, they lost the Cirencester & District League Division One title to Intel FC of Swindon on a goal difference of just two having finished on the same 39 points. Beeches will rue some missed opportunities because they beat champions Intel in both league clashes. Beeches won both cup competitions associated with the Cirencester League this season but faltered at the final hurdle when bidding to make it a unique treble. Since the 1954/55 campaign when three trophies have been played for no club has ever collected all three – but Beeches came oh so close. Having to win by seven clear goals to pip Intel proved a bridge too far. Had the players scored in the first half the result could have been different with at least six clear-cut chances squandered. In the second half goals came from Tim Bond (2), Matt Walters and Scott Smith and there was still 25 minutes remaining to make the dream possible. But throwing men forward left Beeches exposed at the back and Wheatsheaf did have chances on the break until time just dwindled away for the title chasers. They will be happy to look back on another double-winning season having lifted a cup and the Division Two title last season. The Beeches players want to test themselves further so they have applied to join a higher class of football in the Cheltenham League – probably in Division Four. The Beeches did enjoy 14 great years in the Cheltenham League in the past. Most popular See more stories Most popular See more stories Comments are closed on this article. Next Up Mobile site Contact Us Subscribe Photo Sales Advertise AdChoices Archive Topics Announcements Site Map Exchange and Mart Dating Leap Terms & Conditions Contributor Terms Cookie Policy Privacy Policy ©Copyright 2001-2017 This site is part of Newsquest's audited local newspaper network | A Gannett Company Newsquest Media (Southern) Ltd, Loudwater Mill, Station Road, High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire. HP10 9TY |1350| Registered in England & Wales Ipsoregulated This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to inaccuracy or intrusion, then please contact the editor here. If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can contact IPSO here
on Serving Central Oregon since 1903 Monday, May 15, 2017 Subscriber Sign In Manage Account Subscribe Toggle navigation Local/State Education Environment Bend Deschutes County Politics OSU-Cascades Marijuana Sports Pole Pedal Paddle High School Ducks Beavers Golf Community Sports Outdoors Business Real Estate Lifestyle Restaurants Drinks Food Home & Garden Family Milestones Fashion Travel Outdoors Cook Like a Chef Church Directory Opinion Entertainment Events Music Movies GO! Arts Restaurants Drinks Books TV Health Pulse Magazine Opioids addiction Slideshows Obits MORE Jobs Nation Science/Tech Outdoors Events Classifieds Webcams Special Publications BendHomes.com Subscribe My Account Digital Newsstand Submit a photo Offers & Promotions Home Local/State Sports Business Lifestyle Entertainment Slideshows Obits Jobs Science/Tech Events Classifieds Webcams BendHomes.com My Account Submit a photo Pole Pedal Paddle Elections Movies GO! Restaurants Editorials Letters to the Editor Endorsements Submission Policies Janet Stevens columns Erik Lukens columns Home Opinion Column: Owning your own future print Share | e-mail Facebook Tweet StumbleUpon Google Column: Owning your own future By Tom Friedman / New York Times News Service Published May 14, 2017 at 12:02AM PALO ALTO, Calif. — Political analysts will long debate over where Brexit, Trump and Le Pen came from. Many say income gaps. I’d say ... not quite. I’d say income anxiety and the stress over what it now takes to secure AND HOLD a good job. I believe the accelerations set loose by Silicon Valley in technology and digital globalization have created a world where every decent job demands more skill and lifelong learning. More people can’t keep up, and clearly, some have reached for leaders who promise to stop the wind. Let me elaborate through a few conversations, starting with Brian Krzanich, the CEO of Intel, who recently remarked to me: “I believe my grandchildren will not drive.” Since he has teenage daughters, that means self-driving vehicles should be fully deployed in 25 years, at which time, you won’t “steer” your car but will program it on a smartphone or watch or glasses. Sounds like fun — unless you’re one of the millions who drive a truck or cab for a living. But don’t think you’re safe as an accountant, either. Mark Bohr, Intel’s senior fellow for technology, explained to me that Intel’s main workhorse microprocessor today is the 14-nanometer chip it introduced in 2014. It packs 37.5 million transistors per square millimeter. By the end of 2017, thanks to Moore’s Law, Intel will begin producing a 10-nanometer chip that will pack “100 million transistors per square millimeter — more than double the previous density with less heat and power usage,” Bohr said. If you think machines are smart today ... wait a year. It’s this move from 14-nm to 10-nm chips that will help enable automakers to shrink the brain of a self-driving car — a brain that has to take in sensor data from 360 degrees and instantly process whether it’s a dog, a human, a biker or a car — from something that fills a whole trunk to a small box under the front seat, so these cars can scale. When you get that much processing power, putting out that much data exhaust with ever-improving software, you create a world where we can analyze, prophesize and optimize with a precision unknown in human history. We can see trends we never saw, predict when engine parts will break and replace them before they do, with great savings, and we can optimize everything — from the most energy-saving flight path for an airplane to the ideal drilling path for a natural gas well. I recently visited the control room at Devon Energy, a large oil and gas producer, in Oklahoma City. It’s half a floor of computer screens displaying data coming out of every well Devon is drilling around the world. At the bottom of each screen are two boxes that blew my mind. One box displays how much money was budgeted to drill that particular well per foot, and the other box displays — in real time — how much the drilling of that well is costing, as it bores through different rocks, and it’s updated every foot. A typical well might involve sending pipe 2 miles down and then turning horizontally for 2 miles east or west — with such precision it can hit a seam of gas as small as 20 feet wide! If you’re working on a Devon oil rig today, you’re holding a computer, not just an oily wrench. And if you’re getting a degree in auto mechanics at a community college today, it’s not to be a “grease monkey.” It’s to be a repairman for a computer with wheels. The notion that we can go to college for four years and spend that knowledge for the next 30 is over. If you want to be a lifelong employee anywhere today, you have to be a lifelong learner. And that means: More is now on you. And that means self-motivation to learn and keep learning becomes the most important life skill. That’s why education-to-work expert Heather E. McGowan likes to say: “Stop asking a young person WHAT you want to be when you grow up. It freezes their identity into a job that may not be there. Ask them HOW you want to be when you grow up. Having an agile learning mindset will be the new skill set of the 21st century.” — Tom Friedman is a columnist for The New York Times. 17216831 View next article in Opinion     Get Central Oregon's top headlines delivered to your inbox every morning GO print version Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus This image is copyrighted. To purchase photo click here! Close window Editorial cartoons: a slideshow Reader photos: Great outdoors Recently submitted pics from readers Get daily headlines to your inbox GO Connect with The Bulletin Popular Comments Popular stories for Opinion Editorial: Don’t suppress the social media of Bend City Councilors 05/11/2017 Facebook, Twitter and other social media have changed the way politics gets ... more Editorial: There is only so much Abernethy to go around 05/12/2017 Bend City Councilor Bruce Abernethy is also Central Oregon Community College board ... more An educator’s perspective: Why I’m voting for Carrie Douglass 05/10/2017 As an educator, my No. 1 priority is improving the lives of ... more Editorial: Bend’s local elections are not out of control 05/10/2017 The money in the races for Bend’s school and park boards is ... more Editorial: Some good and bad in state transportation plan 05/09/2017 Legislators are scheduled to start debating Wednesday what parts they like and ... more Recent article comments» View more comments» Comments powered by Disqus The Bulletin Contact us Staff directory Advertise with us Frequently asked questions Privacy policy Terms of use Careers Connect with The Bulletin Subscriptions New subscription Vacation hold Back copies Share because you care Newspapers in Education Subscription rates General account help Our partners Baker City Herald La Grande Observer Northeast Oregon Classifieds Union Democrat Del Norte Triplicate Curry Coastal Pilot Central Oregon Nickel Bend Homes Northwest Web Press Quick links Digital newsstand Special ad Ssctions Restaurant guide Obituaries TV listings Movie listings ODOT web cams Oregon lottery Parade Magazine Submit a news tip Submit an event Submit a worship service Photos Submit photos View reader photos View Bulletin photos Purchase photos Explore more of Central Oregon with a subscription to The Bulletin. Subscribe © 2017 The Bulletin | A Western Communications Company | All Rights Reserved | 1777 Chandler Ave, Bend, OR 97702 | Email Contacts | 541-382-1811 Quick links Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Manage Account ODOT Web Cams Movie Listings Restaurant Guide Submit Photos Submit an Event © 2017 The Bulletin | A Western Communications Company | All Rights Reserved | 1777 Chandler Ave, Bend, OR 97702 | Contact us | 541-382-1811
Local Business Sports Life Opinion Politics Obits National Right2Know Login Subscribe Rewards Classifieds Homes Jobs Cars Biz Chattanooga, TN 62° View Live Radar Tue H 91° L 64° Wed H 91° L 66° Thu H 89° L 67° Weather Sponsored By: Local Business Sports Life Opinion Politics Obits National Right2Know Login Subscribe Search Classifieds Classifieds. Sell your Stuff Buy Stuff Biz. Offer your Services Find a Service Cars. Sell your Car Find a Car Cars Trucks Jobs. Post a Job Find a Job Homes. List your Property Find Property Find Rental Property HomeFinder Friedman: Owning your own future Friedman: Owning your own future May 14th, 2017 by Thomas Friedman in Opinion Times Commentary PALO ALTO, Calif. — Political analysts will long debate over where Brexit, Trump and Le Pen came from. Many say income gaps. I'd say not quite. I'd say income anxiety and the stress over what it now takes to secure and hold a good job. I believe the accelerations set loose by Silicon Valley in technology and digital globalization have created a world where every decent job demands more skill and, now, lifelong learning. More people can't keep up, and clearly some have reached for leaders who promise to stop the wind. Let me elaborate through a few conversations, starting with Brian Krzanich, the CEO of Intel, who recently remarked to me: "I believe my grandchildren will not drive." Since he has teenage daughters, that means self-driving vehicles should be fully deployed in 25 years, at which time you won't "steer" your car but will program it on a smartphone or watch or glasses. Sounds like fun — unless you're one of the millions who drive a truck or cab for a living. But don't think you're safe as an accountant, either. Mark Bohr, Intel's senior fellow for technology, explained to me that Intel's main workhorse microprocessor today is the 14-nanometer chip it introduced in 2014. It packs 37.5 million transistors per square millimeter. By the end of 2017, thanks to Moore's Law, Intel will begin producing a 10-nanometer chip that will pack "100 million transistors per square millimeter — more than double the previous density with less heat and power usage," said Bohr. If you think machines are smart today wait a year. It's this move from 14-nm to 10-nm chips that will help enable automakers to shrink the brain of a self-driving car — a brain that has to take in sensor data from 360 degrees and instantly process whether it's a dog, a human, a biker or another car — from something that fills a whole trunk to a small box under the front seat, so these cars can scale. When you get that much processing power, putting out that much data exhaust with ever-improving software, you create a world where we can analyze, prophesize and optimize with a precision unknown in human history. We can see trends we never saw, predict when engine parts will break and replace them before they do, with great savings, and we can optimize everything — from the most energy-saving flight path for an airplane to the ideal drilling path for a natural gas well. I recently visited the control room at Devon Energy, a large oil and gas producer, in Oklahoma City. It's half a floor of computer screens displaying data coming out of every well Devon is drilling around the world. At the bottom of each screen are two boxes that blew my mind. One box displays how much money was budgeted to drill that particular well per foot, and the other box displays — in real time — how much the drilling of that well is actually costing, as it bores through different rocks, and it's updated every foot! A typical well might involve sending pipe 2 miles down and then turning horizontally for 2 miles east or west — with such precision it can hit a seam of gas as small as 20 feet wide! If you're working on a Devon oil rig today, you're holding a computer, not just an oily wrench. And if you're getting a degree in auto mechanics at a community college today, it's not to be a "grease monkey." It's to be a repairman for a computer with wheels. The notion that we can go to college for four years and then spend that knowledge for the next 30 is over. If you want to be a lifelong employee anywhere today, you have to be a lifelong learner. And that means: More is now on you. And that means self-motivation to learn and keep learning becomes the most important life skill. That's why education-to-work expert Heather E. McGowan likes to say: "Stop asking a young person what you want to be when you grow up. It freezes their identity into a job that may not be there. Ask them how you want to be when you grow up. Having an agile learning mindset will be the new skill set of the 21st century." Some are up for that, some not; and many want to but don't know how, which is why the College Board has reshaped the PSAT and SAT exams to encourage lifelong learning. "We analyzed 250,000 students from the high school graduating Class of 2017 who took the new PSAT and then the new SAT," College Board President David Coleman told me. "Students who took advantage of their PSAT results to launch their own free personalized improvement practice through Khan Academy advanced dramatically: 20 hours of practice was associated with an average 115-point increase from the PSAT to the SAT — double the average gain among students who did not. "Practice advances all students without respect to high school GPA, gender, race and ethnicity or parental education. And it's free. Our aim is to transform the SAT into an invitation for students to own their future." So the tough news is that more will be on you. The good news is that systems — like Khan-College Board — are emerging everywhere to enable anyone to accelerate learning for the age of acceleration. Step back from all of this and it's clear that thriving countries today won't elect a strongman. They'll elect leaders who inspire and equip their citizens to be strong people who can own their own futures. The New York Times More Articles Read next article Ignatius: A survival guide to abuse of power Getting Started/Comments Policy Getting started 1. If you frequently comment on news websites then you may already have a Disqus account. If so, click the "Login" button at the top right of the comment widget and choose whether you'd rather log in with Facebook, Twitter, Google, or a Disqus account. 2. If you've forgotten your password, Disqus will email you a link that will allow you to create a new one. Easy! 3. If you're not a member yet, Disqus will go ahead and register you. It's seamless and takes about 10 seconds. 4. To register, either go through the login process or just click in the box that says "join the discussion," type your comment, and either choose a social media platform to log you in or create a Disqus account with your email address. 5. If you use Twitter, Facebook or Google to log in, you will need to stay logged into that platform in order to comment. If you create a Disqus account instead, you'll need to remember your Disqus password. Either way, you can change your display name if you'd rather not show off your real name. 6. Don't be a huge jerk or do anything illegal, and you'll be fine. Chattanooga Times Free Press Comments Policy The Chattanooga Times Free Press web sites include interactive areas in which users can express opinions and share ideas and information. We cannot and do not monitor all of the material submitted to the website. Additionally, we do not control, and are not responsible for, content submitted by users. By using the web sites, you may be exposed to content that you may find offensive, indecent, inaccurate, misleading, or otherwise objectionable. You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of the Times Free Press web sites and any content on the Times Free Press web sites, including, but not limited to, whether you should rely on such content. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you acknowledge that we shall have the right (but not the obligation) to review any content that you have submitted to the Times Free Press, and to reject, delete, disable, or remove any content that we determine, in our sole discretion, (a) does not comply with the terms and conditions of this agreement; (b) might violate any law, infringe upon the rights of third parties, or subject us to liability for any reason; or (c) might adversely affect our public image, reputation or goodwill. Moreover, we reserve the right to reject, delete, disable, or remove any content at any time, for the reasons set forth above, for any other reason, or for no reason. If you believe that any content on any of the Times Free Press websites infringes upon any copyrights that you own, please contact us pursuant to the procedures outlined in the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (Title 17 U.S.C. § 512) at the following address: Copyright Agent The Chattanooga Times Free Press 400 East 11th Street Chattanooga, TN 37403 Phone: 423-757-6315 Email: webeditor@timesfreepress.com Chattanooga Times Free Press Loading... Latest Articles Georgia peach season has been 'a roller coaster' Erlanger in talks to take over North Carolina hospital Chattanooga begins search for new police chief New agent assigned in probe of Bradley County Sheriff Eric Watson Jasper board moves toward tighter rules on pit bull ownership Anti-littering campaign ramps up in Marion County Bridge project will impact Monday commute for those traveling to Chattanooga from west Shots fired on Brainerd Road, man dies, but no bullet wound found Missing East Ridge teen found safe Into the world: Local baby born in an unconventional way -- at home and online Developer hopes to breathe life into Lookout Mountain luxury hotel project [photos] 'Armed and dangerous' suspect sought by Jackson County authorities after chase
Skip to content About DV Archives Donate Contact Us Submissions Books Links Browse by Topic “Aid”  (25) “The West”  (4) “Third” Party  (303) (Ex-)Yugoslavia  (109) /dev/null  (258) 9-11  (159) Abortion  (20) Academic Freedom  (170) Activism  (1,962) Adoption  (1) Afghanistan  (770) Africa  (171) Agriculture  (166) ALBA  (14) Algeria  (11) Anarchism  (162) Angola  (12) Anthropology  (3) Anti-slavery  (90) Anti-war  (1,112) Aotearoa (New Zealand)  (35) Apartheid  (3) Argentina  (63) Armenia  (16) Arts and/or Entertainment  (155) ASEAN  (1) Asia  (100) Assassinations  (215) Austerity  (192) Australia  (178) Austria  (16) Azerbaijan  (14) Bahrain  (55) Bangladesh  (24) Banks  (518) Barack Obama  (412) BDS (Boycott Divestment and Sanctions Movement)  (18) Beer  (5) Belarus  (9) Belgium  (22) Belize  (1) Blowback  (155) Bolivia (Warisata)  (85) Book Review  (547) Botswana  (5) Boycott  (187) Brazil  (123) BRICS  (29) Bulgaria  (10) Burkina Faso  (5) Burundi  (9) Cambodia  (44) Cameroon  (2) Canada  (560) Capitalism  (1,996) Carding/Profiling  (1) Caribbean  (26) Cartoon  (132) Caucasus  (41) Censorship  (259) Central African Republic  (1) Central Ixachilan (America)  (57) Chad  (1) Charter Schools  (4) Chemical weapons  (5) Children/Youth  (300) Chile  (72) China  (485) CIA  (338) Civil Disobedience  (108) Civil Liberties  (478) Classism  (746) Climate Change  (443) Cluster bombs  (6) Colombia  (108) Colonialism  (403) Communism/Marxism/Maoism  (208) Consumer Advocacy  (155) Corporate Globalization  (1,001) Corruption  (864) Costa Rica  (10) Crime  (223) Crimes against Humanity  (723) Crimes against Peace  (73) Cuba  (211) Culture  (1,059) Currency  (82) Cyber attacks  (24) Cyprus  (11) Czech Republic  (13) Darfur  (8) Death Penalty  (53) Debt  (130) Democracy  (1,337) Democratic Rep. Congo  (79) Democrats  (967) Denmark  (39) Disasters  (162) Discrimination  (437) Disinformation  (1,274) Djibouti  (8) Dominican Republic  (6) Donald Trump  (192) Drones  (287) Drug Wars  (130) East Timor  (26) Ecocide  (2) Ecology  (7) Economy/Economics  (1,448) Ecuador  (81) Education  (600) Egypt  (322) El Salvador  (24) Elections  (1,093) Empire  (797) Employment  (248) Energy  (391) EnMo Economics  (3) Environment  (1,026) Environmentalists  (61) Equatorial Guinea  (4) Eritrea  (17) Espionage/”Intelligence”  (628) Ethiopia  (38) EU  (260) Eurasia  (4) Europe  (211) Extinction  (22) Fake News  (23) False Flag  (24) Fascism  (299) FBI  (138) Federal Reserve  (2) Feminism  (44) Fiction  (73) Fiji  (1) Film Review  (187) Finance  (576) Finland  (12) Fishing/Fish farming  (23) Food/Nutrition  (247) Fracking  (114) France  (334) Freedom of Expression/Speech  (303) Gabon  (1) Gender  (162) General  (814) Genocide  (324) George W. Bush  (4) Georgia  (9) Germany  (234) Ghana  (1) Global Inequality  (1) GMO  (116) Greece  (191) Grenada  (6) Guantanamo  (78) Guatemala  (35) Guinea  (3) Guns  (107) Haiti  (149) Health/Medical  (750) Heroes  (122) History  (731) Honduras  (79) Housing/Homelessness  (220) Human Rights  (1,053) Humor  (156) Hungary  (18) Hunger  (105) Iceland  (36) IMF  (105) Immigration/Immigrants  (5) Imperialism  (1,395) Incarceration  (325) India  (217) Indonesia  (78) Insurance  (7) International Criminal Court  (35) International Law  (3) Internet  (117) Interview  (300) Iran  (759) Iraq  (1,142) Ireland  (37) Israel/Palestine  (2,943) Italy  (74) Ivory Coast  (3) Jamaica  (1) Japan  (222) Jordan  (73) Journalism  (95) Justice  (694) Kalaallit Nunaat/Greenland  (17) Kazakhstan  (3) Kenya  (10) Korea  (144) Kuwait  (40) Kyrgyzstan  (13) Labor  (718) Land Use  (2) Language  (230) Laos  (27) Latvia  (7) Leaving da Camera On  (2) Lebanon  (171) Legal/Constitutional  (431) LGBTQ  (68) Liberia  (2) Libertarianism  (34) Libya  (454) Life/Animal Rights  (213) Literature  (71) Logging  (22) Macedonia  (1) Malaysia  (24) Mali  (28) Marijuana  (11) Markets  (107) Massacres  (6) Mauritania  (1) Media  (2,169) Mercenaries  (209) Mexico  (180) Micronesia  (1) Middle East  (509) Migration  (201) Militarism  (2,743) Mining  (138) Money supply  (64) Mongolia  (3) Morocco  (13) Mossad  (41) Motor vehicles  (1) Mozambigue  (1) Music  (143) Myanmar/Burma  (38) Namibia  (7) Narrative  (338) NASA  (1) NATO  (456) Neoliberalism  (721) Nepal  (13) Netherlands  (15) New Orleans  (94) NGOs  (169) Nicaragua  (40) Niger  (1) Nigeria  (26) Norway  (48) NSA  (131) Nuclear Energy  (62) Nukes  (282) Obituary  (100) Occupy movement  (104) Oceania  (10) Oceans/Seas  (151) Oil, Gas, Coal, Pipelines  (464) Olympics  (9) Oman  (1) Opinion  (596) Original Peoples  (418) Osama Bin Laden  (51) Pakistan  (341) Panama  (23) Papua New Guinea  (3) Paraguay  (29) Patriotism  (64) Peru  (30) Pesticides  (42) Pharmaceuticals  (121) Philippines  (60) Philosophy  (333) Poetry  (1,476) Poland  (23) Police  (547) Political Prisoners  (92) Politics  (340) Pollution  (133) Portugal  (20) Poverty  (457) Prejudice  (435) Prison Industry  (6) Privacy  (141) Privatization  (153) Propaganda  (1,340) Psychology/Psychiatry  (205) Public Relations  (2) Puerto Rico  (34) Qatar  (109) Racism  (1,196) Referendums  (28) Refugees  (233) Religion  (563) Rendition  (15) Renewables  (65) Resistance  (572) Revolution  (418) Right Wing Jerks  (588) Romania  (7) Russia  (744) Rwanda  (55) Salmon  (23) Sanctions  (110) Satire  (205) Saudi Arabia  (325) School Yard Fights  (110) Science/Technology  (393) Security  (295) Serbia  (4) Settlements  (2) Sexuality  (95) Seychelles  (1) Sierra Leone  (4) Singapore  (4) Slavery  (5) Slovakia  (1) Social media  (63) Social Security  (136) Socialism  (359) Society  (4) Solidarity  (605) Solitary confinement  (5) Somalia  (90) South Africa  (74) South Ixachilan (America)  (161) South Sudan  (11) Spain  (88) Sports  (172) Sri Lanka  (60) Statism  (62) Students  (232) Sudan  (37) Supreme Court  (111) Sustainability  (112) Sweat shop  (30) Sweden  (54) Switzerland  (29) Syria  (831) Taiwan  (4) Tajikistan  (4) Tanzania  (6) Tax  (188) Tea Party movement  (123) Terrorism (state and retail)  (838) Thailand  (17) The Lobby  (331) Tibet  (9) Torture  (413) Torture  (3) TPP  (109) Trade  (105) Transparency/Secrecy  (50) Transportation  (68) Tunisia  (55) Turkey  (265) Turkmenistan  (2) Turtle Island  (55) Uganda  (31) Ukraine  (295) Unions  (343) United Arab Emirates  (35) United Kingdom  (906) United Nations  (589) United States  (35) Universal Basic Income  (3) Universities/Colleges  (5) Uruguay  (19) US Hypocrisy  (13) Uzbekistan  (5) Venezuela  (258) Video  (344) Viet Nam  (229) Vote  (4) Wage  (67) Wage Slavery  (3) Wall Street  (188) War Crimes  (986) Water  (153) Weaponry  (392) Weapons Sales  (21) West Papua  (9) Western Sahara  (5) Whistleblowing  (291) WikiLeaks  (231) Yemen  (216) Zambia  (2) Zimbabwe  (15) Zionism  (1,162) Poetry on Sunday Latest Articles Hyper-Normalising Lavrov: The Russian Foreign Minister in the White House Binoy Kampmark / 05/14/2017 Russian Perspectives on US-Russian Relations Rick Sterling / 05/14/2017 Dial “D” for Dead T.P. Wilkinson / 05/14/2017 A Parliament Of Owls Deliberating Upon The Delicate Seriousness Of Your Slender Walk Paul Tristram / 05/14/2017 We are so great Leslie Thomas / 05/14/2017 Another Alternative Fact? Raymond Nat Turner / 05/14/2017 War Child’s Reply Mildred Achoch / 05/14/2017 Theory of Evolution Scott Thomas Outlar / 05/14/2017 Mohenjo-Daro Kumar Hassan / 05/14/2017 When It Was Spring Joseph Balletti / 05/14/2017 Recommended Reading The Structural-Anarchism Manifesto Michel Luc Bellemare Washington's Long War on Syria Stephen Gowans The CIA as Organized Crime: How Illegal Operations Corrupt America and the World Douglas Valentine Requiem for the American Dream Noam Chomsky A Propaganda System: How Canada’s Government, Corporations, Media and Academia Sell War Yves Engler Shattered: Inside Hillary Clinton's Doomed Campaign Jonathan Allen and Amie Parnes J Is for Junk Economics: A Guide to Reality in an Age of Deception Michael Hudson Ukraine in the Crossfire Chris de Ploeg The Lost Hegemon: Whom the Gods Would Destroy F. William Engdahl How to Win Friends and Avoid Sacred Cows: Weird Adventures in India: Hindus, Sikhs, and Muslims When the Peace Corps was New David Macaray More books » The Fog of Cold War by John V. Walsh / May 13th, 2017 Once the rockets are up, who cares where they come down? That’s not my department. — Wernher von Braun1 From MAD to Madness: Inside Pentagon Nuclear War Planning is the enlightening memoir by Paul Johnstone, a man who worked in the “department” that decided where “they” would come down. Johnstone labored there during WWII and then from 1949 to 1969, the initial period of the Cold War and the period covered by this book. On August 29, 1949, the USSR caught the world flat-footed when it set off its first nuclear bomb. Thus began the years when frightened children scrambled under their desks by day and were tormented with mushroom cloud nightmares by night. The U.S. and the USSR stood on The Brink over the Cuban Missile Crisis and the Berlin Crisis when The Wall went up. Those years were the initial period of nuclear standoff called MAD (Mutually Assured Destruction). What Johnstone saw as he went about his duties horrified him – and it should also horrify us. For it is the thesis of the Afterword, by the author’s daughter, the prominent political commentator Diana Johnstone, that after the demise of the Soviet Union, the U.S. moved quickly from “MAD to Madness.” Madness refers to plans for a knockout nuclear first strike on Russia, aided and abetted by the latest missile defense boondoggle. That was a favorite fantasy of the generals in the post-WWII era. Whether we now live in another era of Madness, when a disabling first strike again dances in the heads of the Elite, or once again in an era of MAD is an open question in my mind. But Paul Johnstone’s memoir is a work of great importance in either case. Paul Johnstone started out in Henry Wallace’s Dept. of Agriculture during the New Deal, but was moved to the Department of War after Pearl Harbor. His job was to pick targets for conventional bombs in Japan, although not the targets for the first atom bombs. When the Cold War commenced, he studied how targets for nuclear weapons should be selected and how much damage The Bomb would do when dropped on various corners of the USSR. He also assessed the damage of Russian nukes landing in various corners of the U.S. He worked at the most august levels of US intelligence: Air Force Intelligence, the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the Office of Secretary of Defense. Some of Johnstone’s studies became part of the Pentagon Papers, and Daniel Ellsberg. Johnstone gave the manuscript for this memoir to his daughter, Diana Johnstone, when he was on his deathbed in 1981. A central message of the book is the inevitable failure of intelligence. This aspect of the memoir is hard to apprehend in all its facets without actually reading it. Why can “intelligence” not be trusted? First the intelligence agencies lie – and do so quite consciously when it suits those who command them or the desires of those who command their commanders. Anyone who does not recognize this by now has not been paying attention. Intel did this most notoriously in recent years in the case of the non-existent WMD that led the US to a multitrillion dollar war on the innocent people of Iraq – which we fight to this day even though Barack Obama declared the war “officially” over. But even when the Intel agencies are trying to make honest estimates, they face other obstacles. This is the major lesson that Paul Johnstone delivers. Let us take a few examples. On the topic of trying to assess the damage done by nuclear weapons either on the USSR or on the US, he writes: “They (the effects of nuking a target, jw) would be researched, and in time – much time – a lot would be learned about them, although not enough ever to provide the basis for predictive measurements. So men do what men always do. They calculated what was calculable as best they could, and generally ignored, or dismissed with mere mention by name, the factors that, however relevant and crucial, were incalculable. Or they would just make a wild guess. One problem was that whatever the uncertainties, those utilizing the information were rarely in a position to understand its degree of reliability. “(p. 39 of From Mad to Madness, hereafter FMTM) So the “decision makers” for nuclear war could well be acting on intel that is “a wild guess,” and they would not know it! And here is Johnstone writing on the way that the “wild guesses” and other intelligence estimates come to be made, most notably about enemy capabilities – an essential if one plans to start a nuclear war: “I believe that, to anyone who has been deeply immersed in it and then has had the privilege of viewing it with some measure of detachment, military intelligence must seem a world of flickering light, dark shadows, mood music and whispered rumors, half heard against trumpeted accompaniment proclaiming dire threats that imperil us from outer darkness. Shapes are partly perceived at best, most commonly merely implied, often not seen at all, and often what you think you see is really not there at all. There are always some things you know you know, but you never know how many things there are that you have no evidence even to suspect. You do not know how much of what you see is deliberately staged to mislead you. What is seldom realized is that there is always a dominant mood that determines, more than the sharpest senses or the most acute reasoning, what you decide is out there and what is going on. Like all the world and all experience, it is kaleidoscopic; and the bits and pieces that flit before your eyes are what you thought you’d see before you looked. Always of course there are the true believers. The images immediately before their eyes are God’s own truth. It’s a matter of right or wrong, bright sunlight or utter darkness. Then there are those not fully convinced nor deeply caring, who find it least troublesome to see what others say they see. Like herded sheep they may once in a while say “baa,” but though they may distrust the direction they are driven in, they feel reassured following the path forced on them by the pressure of the bodies next to them.” (FMTM, p. 63) In other words, in the end the data and analysis do little more than to confirm pre-existing sentiments and prejudices. Then there were the “experts” who had their own agenda. A striking example is the “Special Studies Group” set up in the early 1950s in the Air Force Directorate of Intelligence. Johnstone writes: “It was headed by Steve Possony, a Hungarian émigré who professed to be an expert on Communism in general and the Soviet Union in particular. Steve was the first of several Central European émigrés I met in the next few years who passed as experts on Communist Europe….Others were Stausz-Hupé, Kissinger, Brzezinski and many lesser lights such as Leon Gouré and Helmut Sonnenfeldt. In every case I felt that they were thinking, consciously or otherwise, as representatives of a lost cause in their native land, and I always believed that they were used by the military because their ‘obsessions’ were so useful.” (FTFM, p.80) Of course it is not clear who was using whom here. But we can think of a latter day equivalent in Bush 2 time when neoconservatives like Paul Wolfowitz dominated the Pentagon. As they ginned up the War on Iraq, it was all too clear that their loyalty to Israel came into play. For while the wars in the Middle East and North Africa did little to advance the interests of the US, costing it blood, treasure and new enemies like ISIS, those wars left in ruins potential adversaries of Israel in its neighborhood. There can be little doubt that the interests of Israel were served by these American “strategic thinkers.” Johnstone goes on: “The one product of Possony’s group that I most distinctly remember was an annual appraisal of the strategic situation. And the reason I remember it, perhaps, is that every year that appraisal forecast a massive Russian land attack on Western Europe the following year. Several of us began to laugh about it after a while, but the forecast was always intoned awesomely and with superficial plausibility. I do not know whether many people who heard the briefings really believed the forecasts. I suspect many doubted it would really be next year, and thought it more likely the year after or even later. But even doubters approved the forecast because, they reasoned, it was better to err in this direction than to minimize the danger. Above all, it was good to say things that emphasized the need for strong defenses.” (And I might add big military budgets, jw) (FTFM, p. 80) The issues that Johnstone raises are relevant not only for scholars, but for each and every one of us since our very existence hangs by a thread increasingly frayed by the incessant anti-Russia drumbeat in our media. That drumbeat has reached a neo-McCarthyite crescendo in these days of Kremlin Gate where politicians crazed by hatred of Putin like John McCain or hatred of Trump like nearly every last Democrat hold sway. The relevance of the memoir is inescapable, and this is laid out with considerable insight in a preface and a postscript by Johnstone’s daughter, Diana. Diana Johnstone, a journalist residing in Paris and a frequent commenter on French and U.S. Politics is also the author of The Politics of Euromissiles (1984), Greens in the European Parliament – A New Sense of Purpose for Europe (1994), Fool’s Crusade: Yugoslavia, NATO and Western Delusions (2003), and Queen of Chaos: The Misadventures of Hillary Clinton (2015). She is careful of the conclusions she draws. In addition, Paul Craig Roberts’s Foreword adds a further dimension to the book since he worked with some of Paul Johnstone’s colleagues and also inside the Reagan cabinet when the first Cold War finally came to an end. (Regrettably here we are again – in Cold War 2.0.) I remain unconvinced only by one conclusion of the book and that lies in Diana Johnstone’s Afterword. One thesis of the Afterword is that we went from the era of MAD back to the era of Madness, that is an attempt at a nuclear first strike, after the demise of the USSR. That may well have been true in the first decade of the Century when Russia was still on its back and China was relatively weak. (Diana Johnstone cites literature from this period to make her case. See also “The End of Mad”.) Bush was in power then, and the neocons were in the driver’s seat. Bush withdrew from the ABM treaty in June, 2002, which opened the door to developing the ever elusive anti-missile system that would make possible a first-strike on Russia and/or China. (At times first strike capability is called “nuclear primacy”.) Those ABM plans persisted and have been implemented right up to the present with their deployment in Eastern Europe nominally against Iran and in South Korea nominally against the DPRK. They are in fact aimed at Russia and China, and no one is fooled by other claims, least of all Russia and China. But we are now 15 years out from 2002 and Russia’s economy and military are much stronger under Putin. Moreover, China’s GDP was only about 18% of the US GDP in Purchasing Power Parity terms in 2002; it is now in 2017 about 120% that of the US., and the gap grows daily. And of course military power grows out of economic power. Things have changed. Certainly, the US maintains a vast edge in its military capability, but is it enough for the neocons and neoliberalcons to realistically dream any longer of a nuclear first strike? I doubt it, but the grave danger is that they are living in the past and that their “intel” is telling them that nuclear primacy is still theirs. Why? Because the intel agencies might feel that is what their bosses want to hear. After all, who wants to abandon past glory. Empires do not have a great track record when it comes to accepting decline. Living in the past is one of the things that might concern us after reading Paul Johnstone’s work. So it is a book of considerable importance for the moment. It warns us of the perilous age in which we live, and it tells us that the need to create a structure of peace in a multipolar world is urgent. From Tom Lehrer’s ballad of Wernher von Braun. [↩] John V. Walsh can be reached at john.endwar@gmail.com. Read other articles by John V.. This article was posted on Saturday, May 13th, 2017 at 5:09pm and is filed under Book Review, Nukes. All content © 2007-2017 Dissident Voice and respective authors | Subscribe to the DV RSS feed | Top
Rock, Paper, Shotgun Search 50 Best Free Games On PC Best PC Games of 2016 Menu RPS Features Reviews News Free Games Esports Hardware Guides Support RPS Forum About Us Advertise Hey, developers! Privacy RSS Steam Twitter Facebook Login RPS Feature Cheap gaming chips from AMD Home Hardware Hands on with AMD’s cheaper Ryzen 5 CPUs By Jeremy Laird on May 11th, 2017 at 9:00 pm. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Serving up eight pukka CPU cores at a price mere mortals can afford was easily the most compelling part of the initial AMD Ryzen proposition. But there’s been some filling out of the Ryzen range since last we alighted the subject. Specifically, a load of quad-core and six-core models have hit retail. They’re significantly cheaper than the beefy eight-core beasts. Might they actually make more sense for gaming than those slightly flawed eight-core chips? It’s little more than journalistic OCD and of absolutely no consequence to the end-user experience. But it very slightly winds me up that AMD, like Intel, spurns logic with its CPU nomenclature. AMD has announced that Ryzen will come in three flavours for the foreseeable. Ryzen 7 is the performance king, Ryzen 5 balances price and performance and Ryzen majors on value. There are also – again for the foreseeable – three different basic configurations for Ryzen. Eight-core, six-core and quad-core. You might think they map neatly and logically to Ryzen 7, 5 and 3. But no, that would make too much sense. Ryzen 5 includes both six and quad-core models. Ryzen 3 has yet to be detailed. Anyway, the first thing to note about the latest quad and six-cores models is that some make a lot more sense in value terms than others. There’s about a £60 gap between the priciest six-core Ryzen, the £260 Ryzen 5 1600X, and the cheapest eight-core chip, the Ryzen 7 1700, for instance. Add about 5% to those numbers (and all the prices that follow, for that matter) for US $ prices. Given that you’re certainly going to also need a new motherboard and very likely some sticks of memory, too, the 1700 is the no brainer in that comparison. After all, you’re looking at perhaps £150 minimum for a decent X370 motherboard plus maybe £75 for 8GB of memory and perhaps a few more quid for sundry items like a new cooler. Factor in the motherboard, RAM and more and the cost of upgrading to Ryzen certainly adds up The plain old Ryzen 5 1600 non-X surely makes more sense at £219 given that it’s also six cores and likewise unlocked for easy overclocking, if you care about that sort of thing. It’s fully a £100 jump to the cheapest eight-core model from the Ryzen 5 1600. A similar logic applies to the quad-core models. The Ryzen 5 1500X clocks in at £179, which looks likes poor value when you can have 50% more cores for just £40 extra. To be honest, even the £159 Ryzen 5 1400 quad-core chip looks like marginal value when you factor in the overall costs of upgrading to Ryzen. Predictably, I’ve had a go with the two most difficult to justify models in the Ryzen 5 range, the 1600X and the 1500X. The former is clocked at 3.7GHz base and 4GHz Turbo, the latter at 3.5Ghz base and 3.7GHz Turbo. Both are a little quicker than their core-count-parity but cheaper siblings, the 1600 and 1400. But the point is that they’re broadly representative of the gaming experience you can expect from the six and quad-core breeds. Gaming joy in a small box? As it happens, when Ryzen was originally announced it seemed like the six core models could be the bang-for-buck sweet spot. Relatively affordable, reasonably high clocks for single threaded performance, plenty of cores and threads for multi-threading. Remember, every Ryzen can process two software threads in parallel per core. That’s pretty much how it pans out in practice. The 1600X makes similarly priced Intel processors look very, very silly in any software that’s multi-threaded, like video encoding. The catch, as it has been from the get go with Ryzen, is that the gaming performance is ever so slightly patchy. All Ryzen CPUs use the full eight-core processor die and disable cores in the two quad-core modules within the chip in symmetrical pairs. So, the configurations are therefore 4:4, 3:3, and 2:2 The benchmark numbers mostly look solid. But there’s no getting away from the fact that some games run tangibly less smooth on Ryzen than Intel CPUs. I had a good hard look, for instance, at Total War: Attila and every Ryzen chip I’ve dabbled with exhibits some stutter from which Intel processors simply don’t suffer. I even sense checked what I was seeing with passing colleagues. It’s unmistakable. And you simply wouldn’t spot it in the relatively small gap in average frame rate. It’s not a total deal breaker and most games run without such hitches. But for me, it slightly undermines Ryzen’s appeal for a dedicated gaming rig. As it happens, the quad-core Ryzen chip is no worse and indeed knocks out similar frame rates to the six-core model in most games. So, of all the existing Ryzen processors, it’s perhaps the quad-core 1400 that’s most compelling. It’s cheapest and you lose little in games. For the same price from Intel you’re looking at the quad-core, quad-thread Core i5-7400, which rocks in at 3GHz base and 3.5GHz Turbo but no scope for significant overclocking. Overall, the choice between the Core i5-7400 and Ryzen 5 1400 is awfully tough. But if the decision is being driven primarily by gaming concerns, then with a somewhat heavy heart I still lean Intel. As things stand, I think you’re probably guaranteed a great gaming experience even with that relatively lowly Intel Core i5 processor. To be sure, the Ryzen chip will mostly be just as good. But just occasionally it will frustrate. The problem, therefore, is this. I reckon the mere knowledge that the Ryzen option might occasionally underperform can be quite damaging to one’s subjective enjoyment. I’m pretty sure every time a game felt a bit juddery I’d be wondering if the Ryzen CPU was to blame, even when the bottleneck was likely elsewhere. It’s a similar psychology that has always put me off multi-card graphics – that constant, niggling doubt whether it’s working properly. There’s not a lot in it, let’s be clear about that. But Intel retains its status as the go-to CPU option for gamers for now. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit From this site Overwatch Character Guide DOOM’s Best SnapMaps Civilization VI Is Exciting & Aggressive Warcraft: The Beginning review The Witcher 3: Blood And Wine review Overwatch review Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below 35 Comments 11/05/2017 at 21:18 dahools says: They are seriously good value though compared to what intel have been charging in their absence. The 1600 / 1600X are both 20 quid cheaper than the prices in your article. Maybe result of the £/$ exchange rate slowly climbing back up. I’m looking to upgrade my ivy bridge rig to one of these just don’t know which to go for or which motherboard as i think the manufacturers are all still trying to improve memory compatibility / performance at the moment. Log in to Reply 11/05/2017 at 21:55 haldolium says: I think previous more in-depth reviews have shown that the Ryzen might not be the messiah to gaming, but delivers much more performance in other applications. Log in to Reply 12/05/2017 at 10:09 ColonelFlanders says: I don’t know what you’ve just read but this review says almost the exact same thing. Log in to Reply 11/05/2017 at 21:58 colliflower says: Ryzen 5 1400 is an exception for disabling cores on each module as for the 1400 one entire ccx is disabled, hence half the L3 cache Log in to Reply 11/05/2017 at 22:44 Catterbatter says: That was rumored before release, but every article I’ve read since then says it’s 2:2. Log in to Reply 11/05/2017 at 23:37 jellydonut says: I can honestly say this is the first time I have seen ‘pukka’ in print since reading Max Power magazines well over 10 years ago. Log in to Reply 12/05/2017 at 09:21 identiti_crisis says: Reply fail Log in to Reply 12/05/2017 at 00:03 poliovaccine says: Few questions, cus I dont care if I look like a neube – what’s pukka mean? And what’s sense checking? Elsewise, thanks for the detailed consumer report, as always! Log in to Reply 12/05/2017 at 09:09 Tyrmot says: link to en.wikipedia.org Basically UK slang that came from India meaning ‘good’, ‘genuine’, other positive modifiers. Log in to Reply 12/05/2017 at 10:10 ColonelFlanders says: For context: That is a pukka brew mate, really the dog’s bollocks! Log in to Reply 12/05/2017 at 00:19 GurtTractor says: From my experience of using my 1700x so far I can say that Total War Atilla is a bit of an outlier in terms of performance on these new CPUs. Empire Total War for example runs superbly, load is spread well across all threads, allowing me to run maximum size battles with no discernable slowdown. Total Warhammer has pretty consistent performance generally, though still can lag a bit in very large battles (maybe just because it is a bit more modern, though I get the impression that optimisation could be better). Atilla by comparison seems to run terribly, clearly lacking optimisation for high core count CPUs and/or the Ryzen architecture. Every other game that I have tried has seemed pretty solid on this CPU (Actually ARMA 3 is somewhat poorly optimised too). IMO the only two Intel chips that are worth buying at the moment are the low end Pentium G4560 which nearly matches the i3 chips at a much lower price, no competition from AMD for this one yet (Ryzen 3 should be soon), and the other chip that might be worthwhile is the i7 7700k which seems like the best chip if you really need that single core performance for high refresh gaming or productivity tasks that eat up clockspeed (I think some Photoshop stuff is mainly single core). Every other Intel CPU just seem seems like terrible value compared with the kind of general performance/price of the Ryzen chips. Like the 7600k vs the 1600 for example, 4 threads vs 12!! No 5Ghz overclock can really make up for that. Regarding the i5 7400 vs the 1400; you’re probably not going to be wanting to push the highest framerates with either CPU, but the eight threads of the 1400 vs the 4 of the 7400 should mean more consistent performance with most modern titles. Even if it is just for gaming I would definitely still go for the 1400 if that was my budget, here’s video comparing the two (not the most extensive of tests but I think it’s pretty fair) – link to youtube.com Log in to Reply 12/05/2017 at 06:45 SquarePeg says: Thanks for the link at the bottom of your post. That was a very solid comparison between the Ryzen 1400 and the i5 7400. Seeing how so many games only make use of four threads I’m very interested to see how the Ryzen 3’s perform. A quick check on pcpartpicker shows the R5 1400 as low as $159.99 here in the US. So I’m wondering how low AMD will go with say the R3 1100. $99 to $119 at launch seems to be a reasonable expectation. If the Ryzen 1100 can easily overclock to 3800mhz+ it would be an fantastic value. Also, given that a socket AM4 system will be upgradeable for several more generations of Ryzen CPU’s it makes the Intel i5 7400 a hard sell. Log in to Reply 12/05/2017 at 08:08 Vesperan says: Slight correction for article – the base clock of the Ryzen 1600X is 3.6ghz, not 3.7ghz. I have an issue with this article, and its one I share with damn near every review out there – with the notable exception of Anandtech’s Ryzen 5 review. Which is unbelievably detailed in the permutations of CPUs/GPUs/resolutions it tests. The issue I have is that its too simple to say Ryzen is worse than Intel at gaming. Yes it is true if you match it with an Nvidia 1080 and a high refresh rate 1080 resolution monitor. But it’s less true with an Nvidia 1070 or 1440p monitor(GPU constraint kicking in). Go 4k monitor and its irrelevant entirely. Have a bog standard 1080p monitor and a Nvidia 1080? What the hell are doing matching that with an Nvidia 1080 GPU? The monitor is pretty much maxed out. Drop the graphics drop down to an Nvidia 1060/Radeon 480 and below – the GPU is pretty much your entire constraint. And so – is Ryzen “worse” at gaming? Sure – if you have one helluva graphics card, and monitor to match. But if you’re like me on something like a mid-range RX470 and budget 1080p monitor? (which I would say is a lot of people) Well, you just picked up a CPU that smashes the comparable Intel i5 chip in a lot of ways, for effectively identical gaming performance. Log in to Reply 12/05/2017 at 08:51 Replikant says: [EDIT] Oops, this wasn’t meant as a reply. I fully agree, actually. Log in to Reply 12/05/2017 at 23:56 sweenish says: There is a reason that CPU benches are run like that. While you’re correct that no one runs a setup like that, the point is to benchmark the CPU, not the GPU. They did what they said they would, and benchmarked the CPU. It’s up to you to determine how the CPU performance stacks up against what you want to do, and you can do that, because you have accurate CPU performance numbers. Log in to Reply 13/05/2017 at 20:42 Kasjer says: Yeah, this article completely misses the point that those budget Ryzen processors won’t be the ones that PC enthusiast will drop money for – taking in to consideration that new mobo and in most cases, DDR4 RAM (still on DDR3 like many of us? Tough luck) will be required. It’s not very realistic that Ryzen 5 (and even less likely with 3) CPU will be paired with GTX 1080 (or better) card. Considering the value, I think Ryzen 5 range will be very popular choice in pre-built PCs aimed at people who are looking for inexpensive PC or mid-tier one at best. This means land of 1080p/1440p 60hz monitors, anything from GTX 1050Ti, RX460 up to GTX1060 and RX480. And in such PCs, these CPUs will do quite well in terms of gaming. Plus, as it was said, Ryzen is based on new socket, which will be supported in years to come, this opens room for future upgrades of such PCs… can’t say that about buying older/second hand Intel i5/i7 CPUs. I’m currently on old i5 4460, 8GB DDR3 and 1050Ti (recent upgrade from 750Ti). In about two-three years (three is a stretch), as games will move more in to multi-threaded territory, I would have to buy new PC. Most likely I still will be stuck in 1080p 60hz land as I game on 1080p60 48 inch Samsung TV I’m not willing to retire any time soon (it’s not that old model and works great, so there is no point…). I suspect this PC will be based on second gen Ryzen processor unless Intel comes with something that can offer similar value. No going back to red team cards though, I’m too fond of low-powered silent ones from nVidia! Silent card can make huge difference when you are gaming in living room. Log in to Reply 14/05/2017 at 00:20 Jeremy Laird says: The first problem you have is that I didn’t say Ryzen 5 was “worse” for gaming. I’m afraid you made that bit up. In fact, I said, “to be sure, the Ryzen chip will mostly be just as good.” I also said that just occasionally it will frustrate. I said that based on the objective fact that it underperforms in some games. How many? Probably only a small number overall. So my broad take is that for a primarily gaming rig, I’d still lean Intel. It’s my view that you’re tangibly less likely to find a given game runs surprisingly poorly on the Intel chip. I think the Intel chip will give a good experience in pretty much every game. The AMD chip will be mostly just as good, occasionally sometimes better, but critically it will occasionally be poor. The occasionally better bit isn’t of significant value it’s better than something that’s already good – ie it’s better objectively in terms of the benchmarks, but you likely won’t be able to subjectively sense that advantage. When Ryzen occasionally runs poorly, you very much can sense it and as I said in the article, it’s not something that’s obvious from looking at the benchmark numbers. I don’t want to overstate the problem. But I tried to explain my viewpoint in the main piece. It’s not that Ryzen is a disaster. It’s that the knowledge that it occasionally underperforms in games can undermine your confidence and enjoyment. And that’s why I would be reluctant to build a gaming system around it today. You needn’t agree with that – it’s a viewpoint, not a statement of fact. But dismissing it as though I had simply said Ryzen is “worse” is to misrepresent what I wrote. And you’re wrong about the 4K thing. When Ryzen doesn’t get on nicely with a game, you can feel it at 4K as well. I’ve tried it! Log in to Reply 12/05/2017 at 08:52 Replikant says: I beg to disagree. The Ryzen processors are really good value for the money compared to Intels offerings and, in addition, they are probably a lot more future-proof, considering that newer games tend to have improved multi-core support and Intel is ramping up the core-count as well. Secondly, it’s a new platform, performance is bound to improve (wait for Zen+, maybe). Third, total cost of ownership of a Ryzen system should be lower than an Intel system, as far as I know, the AM4 socket is going to be around for a while. But, most importantly: We are just coming out of a ten year stretch when Intel ruled the (PC) world and followed the Way of the Dinosaurs: Become greedy, fat and lazy and hurt the (PC) environment as whole in consequence. AMD does not beat Intel in raw performance (that would be the i7 7700k) but has an advantage in terms of performance / price. So, having seen what a monopolized market looks like, we should all seriously consider buying AMD chips once in a while. Most of us probably won’t, though, because in Jeremy’s words: “The problem, therefore, is this. I reckon the mere knowledge that the Ryzen option might occasionally underperform can be quite damaging to one’s subjective enjoyment.” Funnily enough, gaming theory favors Intel. Log in to Reply 12/05/2017 at 09:35 identiti_crisis says: Established PC programming practices favour Intel. Console game development probably points to the future of the bigger, high-sys-req PC games. This is where AMD’s long game with heterogeneous computing starts to pay off. Log in to Reply 13/05/2017 at 14:11 Bigmouth Strikes Again says: Established PC programming practices favour Intel. How? Genuine interest here. Log in to Reply 14/05/2017 at 00:34 Jeremy Laird says: The thing is, if Ryzen didn’t occasionally underperform, then we would all buy Ryzens. It’s not some irrational fear drummed up by Intel marketeers. The problem is that Ryzen is mostly fantastic, but where its performance is a little anomalous just so happens to take a form that slightly undermines it as a gaming CPU proposition. It’s by no means a terrible gaming CPU. It’s mostly a good gaming CPU. But if my life depended on a gaming CPU delivering a smooth subjective experience, I would choose Intel. In practice, if I was building a rig for myself today I would go Ryzen because I don’t have any PCs that are exclusively or really even primarily gaming PCs. They’re all multipurpose. I’d probably go with the 1700 and not need an upgrade for years. As an overall package, Ryzen is a really easy win. But for a system primarily for gaming, I still lean Intel for now. The margin isn’t huge. The trade offs are somewhat nuanced. But if I am providing advice about choosing a CPU for a primarily gaming rig, then that advice is that I think Intel remains the best choice today. Log in to Reply 12/05/2017 at 09:15 Tyrmot says: I think as well while you *might* give intel the nod today, a very important consideration is that having 2 extra cores in your system right now is going to give a hell of a lot more future-proofing than going with 4. While it’s always wise to be a bit careful about future predictions, the scaling of software (including games) across more cores is, it’s reasonable to assume, pretty inevitable. Log in to Reply 14/05/2017 at 00:39 Jeremy Laird says: I would agree with that except games having been supposedly going multi-threaded for years. And yet even today so few scale well to those extras cores. I thought when the consoles went to eight weedy AMD mobile cores, that would change. But here we are years later and it still hasn’t happened. It will probably, maybe even certainly, happen one day. But will it happen within the typical lifecycle of a CPU bought today? Hard to say. And thus I lean towards buying what works best right now. it’s also worth noting that’s its’ probably going to be an awfully long time before a major game dev puts out a game that runs poorly on a quad-core Intel Kaby Lake CPU. I really can’t see that happening for many years. So, I’m largely unconvinced by the future proofing argument. Log in to Reply 12/05/2017 at 09:27 Addie says: At the moment, having to buy a new motherboard and RAM (and probably a new graphics card to make use of the CPU) makes this look a not-too-compelling upgrade over my FX9370. But probably by the time they’re a significant improvement the prices will have come down a bit and any bugs will be squashed. I’d certainly be looking to buy an Ryzen system if I was building from new, though. Looks like the main difference between the x370 chipsets and the b350 chipsets is that the former supports SLI / CFx? I thought that dual graphics cards were basically dead in the water now anyway, being supported by very few new games, and that one graphics card at twice the price was a much more sensible investment? In which case, you can cut the price of the motherboard in half and buy more RAM instead. Log in to Reply 12/05/2017 at 10:30 Arathorn says: The B350 motherboards might not be great for overclocking, at least that is how I understood it when I was researching for my build. Apart from that, it seems to be a great platform. It kind of depends on what you intend to do with it. Log in to Reply 12/05/2017 at 13:09 GurtTractor says: I think most B350 boards should be fine for overclocking actually, you are more likely to hit the wall in the silicon lottery on your specific CPU than exceed the potential of the board chipset. Always a good idea to check reviews and forums for people’s overclocking results though. The main benefits to X370 are the greater number of ports and things like fan headers, many of the board’s VRMs and other components are in theory a little better but the difference is not huge. Log in to Reply 12/05/2017 at 10:28 Arathorn says: An extra thing to keep in mind is that the 1600 comes with a bundled cooler, and the 1600X does not, so the plain 1600 is an even better price proposition than the X. RAM support for Ryzen is still somewhat crappy, making it hard to get fast RAM to work at full speed at the moment. And Ryzen benefits from fast RAM because its clock speed is linked to the communication speed between Ryzen’s two core complexes. I finally bought and built a PC with the 1600 and an RX 580 video card last week, and so far I’m very happy with it. I haven’t been able to test it with something heavy yet for lack of games, but Doom 2016 is on offer on Steam this weekend, so that sounds like a fine opportunity. Log in to Reply 12/05/2017 at 16:05 Megadeth dude says: It’s a fallacy to assume you need “a decent X370 motherboard”. Why would you need at least that? You probably don’t know what the features are on an X370 and yet you’re assuming you need to spend the money for that. I personally got myself a cheap Gigabyte B350 Gaming (non-X even cheaper model) because I didn’t need crossfire or additional LED strip control. And this, for my Ryzen 7 1800X. And I am getting the most necessary feature, which is BIOS updates with new AGESA for memory compatibility updates. Disappointed in the article. Everyone, please watch AdoredTV’s vids on YouTube instead of taking advice from RPS. Log in to Reply 12/05/2017 at 18:07 GurtTractor says: There’s even going to be X300 motherboards at some point which will be a cut-down small form factor (Mini-ITX) version with fewer USB ports and stuff but will allow overclocking. Should be great for a portable PC or living room console replacement. Log in to Reply 12/05/2017 at 20:20 wodin says: I’m considering an update to the 1600 chip. Currently have a AMD 6300. Also it seems the new Ryzen and MB’s use PCI Express 3 at last. Priced a 1600 and a 370 MB for around £350. Will my current Mem be OK in the 370 Motherboard? Log in to Reply 12/05/2017 at 21:34 GurtTractor says: If you mean can you use your DDR3 RAM that you are currently using with your 6300, then unfortunately that wont work as DDR3 wont be compatible. Ryzen and the AM4 motherboards require DDR4 memory, which is sadly quite expensive at the moment. Log in to Reply 12/05/2017 at 21:51 Megadeth dude says: In addition to what GurtTractor said, you might want to double check if you really need a 370 mobo. It has features that the majority don’t need, so perhaps you can save a few bucks with a 350 instead. That price difference might just as well go towards a 1600X. Log in to Reply 12/05/2017 at 23:21 Scrofa says: Penny wise and pound foolish. Still not persuaded by AMD to buy their inferior cheap ass crap with awful drivers decade after decade written in a basement by a bunch of students somewhere in India. After a bunch of “value” videocards AMD is a “never again” company in my books. Sure it’s an awful thing to say but AMD, sadly, still isn’t a valid competition nor for NVIDIA nor for Intel and I see no point in supporting them just in case things get better somewhere in the future. Log in to Reply 12/05/2017 at 23:32 GurtTractor says: Your loss. Log in to Reply 13/05/2017 at 09:50 Megadeth dude says: Never laughed so hard in months, thanks for the entertainment buddy. Next time make sure you are tagging your posts as satire or people will take it seriously. Log in to Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment on this story You must be registered and logged in to post a comment. Wot you want to say : XHTML: Allowed code: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Disclaimer If you click our links to online stores and make a purchase we may receive a few pennies. Find more information here. Tags AMD, AMD Ryzen, cpu, feature, Hardware, intel, week in tech. Search for clues News and things Mad Catz files for bankruptcy Nine lives run out eventually Nvidia’s new $700 1080 Ti in theory beats $1200 Titan X 35% faster than a 1080 ZeniMax seek injunction shutting down Oculus SDK Oh gosh! “We’re building 3 full VR games, not experiments”- Valve Believes huge tech improvements incoming And much more… Tim Schafer tells the story of Amnesia Fortnight Ideas generation The Sunday Papers Read more Browse our tags A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z # Respond to our gibber keefybabe : “I have. It's undeniably the worst game in the series, and the animated transitions don't ...” on What are we all playing this weekend? Frankie The Patrician[PF] : “I am playing a spot of Deus Ex: Mankind Divided (non-lethal playthrough using stealth, hacking, ...” on What are we all playing this weekend? zombiewarrior07 : “Thank you, Phasma, I appreciate your comment.” on The Flare Path Dragons’ Den trollomat : “Amazing, I have the same code on my luggage!” on Free Loaders: Building tiny towns with a Little Land panzermagier : “Writer:"Oh noooo my beloved quake genre has is a difficulty higher than I'd like it ...” on Throwback shooter Strafe doesn’t manage to replicate Quake’s oddball cool Why do we spend time playing games we don't like? Looking at the data behind bad games How Inside's levels were designed With no plan and constant iteration Wot I Think: Rakuen Having a bawl How To Get Old Skyrim Saves Working In The Skyrim Special Edition How to fix Skyrim SE save crashes Have You Played... Blood? Red all over The Flare Path: Wars Across the World This Swiss Army knife needs sharpening The 10 Best PlayStation Now Games Coming to PC soon. Hands on with AMD’s cheaper Ryzen 5 CPUs Cheap gaming chips from AMD The 'shining lie' at the heart of Where The Water Tastes Like Wine Telling the myth of America The Great Outdoors: The Witness How to build an island Pillars of the Earth takes on Telltale at their own game Cathedral Tycoon Have You Played... Amnesia: The Dark Descent? Never forget The Best GTA 5 Mods Play as a cop, add flying cars, and more IF Only: Games of linguistic experimentation Games where the language is the puzzle 10 of the most relaxing games on PC Chill out How Tool-Assisted Speedrunning Reveals The Inner-Life Of Video Games Meet the obsessives deconstructing Mario 64 Wot I Think: Scanner Sombre Dear Spelunker Have You Played... Asterix at the Olympic Games? Merging 3D with 2D with live action All our stuff and things home about advertise hey, developers! support RPS forums steam group twitter facebook podcast rss Rock, Paper, Shotgun was Graham Smith Alec Meer John Walker Adam Smith Alice O'Connor Philippa Warr Info and appendices © 2007-2017 Rock Paper Shotgun Ltd. Designed by Jonathan Sutcliffe. Hosted by Positive Internet. Today's scotch egg consumption: 1795 Hivemind Throbometer reading: 0.993% Write to RPS contact@rockpapershotgun.com
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  Atomic  »  News Is Intel about to unleash a new range of Core i9 processors? by David Hollingworth  |  Monday 15 May 2017  | Comment Now Leaked slide suggests new high-power 7900-series part is in the pipeline. We've all been blown away by the impressive performance and even more impressive pricing of AMD's new Ryzen chips, and it looks like Intel may have been paying attention, and been holding something in reserve to counter its resurgent competitor. Now, fair warning. This leak comes via the Anandtech forums, as picked up by Guru3D, and is based not only on a photo of a PowerPoint slide, but it's a work-in-progress slide to boot - and in German. So, this is far, far from final. But if we're to take it at face value, Intel's got two new Core i7 chips, and four Core i9 processors around the corner. The top-line SKU is the Core i9 7920x with 12 cores and 24 threads, and 16.5MB of L3 cache.  We don't have any clocks for that part yet, but the next down in the range is more fully fleshed out. The Core i9 7900x boasts 10 cores and 20 threads, a base clock of 3.3GHz, and boost up 4.5GHz via Turbo 3.0. Both these high-end CPUs also feature 44 PCIe lanes. Here's a translation of the full lineup, with known specs: CPU Cores/ Threads Base clock Boost Clock L3 Cache PCIe lanes Architecture Core i9 7920X 12 / 24 n/a n/a 16,5 MB 44 Skylake-X Core i9 7900X 10 / 20 3.3 GHz 4.3 GHz (Turbo 2.0) 4.5 GHz (Turbo 3.0) 13,75 MB 44 Skylake-X Core i9 7820X 8 / 16 3.6 GHz 4.3 GHz (Turbo 2.0) 4.5 GHz (Turbo 3.0) 11 MB 28 Skylake-X Core i9 7800X 6 / 12 3.5 GHz 4.0 GHz 8.25 MB 28 Skylake-X Core i7 7740K 4 / 8 4.3 GHz 4.5 GHz 8 MB 16 Kaby Lake Core i7 7640K 4 / 4 4.0 GHz 4.2 GHz 6 MB 16 Kaby Lake Related Articles Intel's next 200 series chipsets to bring faster storage and more PCIe lanes The rise of the pro-player as Australia hosts its richest computer gaming event Intel shelves its Developer Forum after 20 years Stop the clocks: has Intel run dry on the desktop? Ryzen 3 processor specs leak online See more about:  7920x  |  core i9  |  cpu  |  intel  |  processor news   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   Readers of this article also read...   Unboxing: Corsair Spec Alpha case     New Demon Hunter art from World of Warcraft: Legion     Corsair's new Carbide SPEC range     Warlords of Draenor pre-orders open, with instant level 90 boost!     This crying Koala is how South Park: Stick of Truth deals with censorship   More in Atomic (1 of 10 articles) NEWS Zotec gets wet with new GeForce GTX 1080 Ti With ArcticStorm Waterblock << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (2 of 10 articles) NEWS Is Intel about to unleash a new range of Core i9 processors? << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (3 of 10 articles) NEWS Valve makes it easier to watch 360-degree videos on the Vive << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (4 of 10 articles) NEWS Nvidia unveils Volta GPUs designed to power next-gen AI << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (5 of 10 articles) NEWS CheckPoint wants your help to create a webseries about mental health and gaming << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (6 of 10 articles) FEATURE Hands-on Preview: OSVR << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (7 of 10 articles) NEWS Upgrade Australia 5.0, in Melbourne, was a BLAST << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (8 of 10 articles) NEWS Asus doubles down with two new mini-ITX Strix gaming motherboards << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (9 of 10 articles) FEATURE The Gaming Edge: Gigabyte and Aorus << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (10 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Samsung CF791 curved monitor << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest in Atomic News Zotec gets wet with new GeForce GTX 1080 Ti With ArcticStorm Waterblock Review Review: Samsung CF791 curved monitor Feature Hands-on Preview: OSVR Group Test Group Test: X99 Motherboards shift into top gear Gallery Intel Extreme Masters' Expo show floor From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero Scammers target Origin Energy customers 6 cloud accounting systems for Australian small businesses compared: MYOB, QuickBooks, Reckon, Saasu, Sage and Xero How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Partners and customers gather to HP's first Australian partner conference Dell Technologies sets aside $554 million for terminations Ingram Micro, Dell EMC win big at APC by Schneider Electric awards Victorian reseller Centre Com pays $450k to Microsoft after selling Windows pirated software Master agents split from Fuji Xerox Australia after decades Govt to introduce legislation for broadband tax Telstra admits thousands of NBN users were shafted on speeds Telstra hit by Parklea exchange fire Immigration reveals massive ten-year IT shake-up Microsoft releases WannaCrypt patch for Windows XP, Server 2003 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege Prey is an addictive modern-day masterpiece Review: For Honor 18 pro tips from the Rainbow Six Siege world cup About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2017 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
News Deals Apps & Games Reviews Cell Phone Plans The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Galaxy S8 Android O LG G6 Nougat updates Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Samsung and Intel support the FTC’s lawsuit against Qualcomm Newsby Edgar Cervantes9 hours ago 10 315 8 The Federal Trade Comission’s main purposes are to protect consumer rights and prevent anti-competitive practices in the USA. They keep companies from becoming monopolies, and Qualcomm got in its crosshairs earlier this year. The FTC filed a suit against the San Diego-based company, and now they have friends to back them in this fight. Samsung and Intel have filed briefs supporting the FTC’s claims of Qualcomm’s anti-competitive business strategies. Qualcomm makes some of the best chips in the mobile industry; they also hold a plethora of patents, among which exist some that are essential to modern smartphone systems. The argument is that Qualcomm is trying to create a monopoly by not licensing some of its patented technology to other chip makers. “Intel is ready, willing, and able to compete on the merits in this market that Qualcomm has dominated for years. But Qualcomm has maintained an interlocking web of abusive patent and commercial practices that subverts competition on the merits. These practices have illegally coerced mobile phone manufacturers into purchasing the chipsets they need from Qualcomm and Qualcomm alone.” -Intel Samsung also went on to mention its Exynos chipsets are not found in non-Samsung devices due to the fact that Qualcomm is keeping all its essential patents for itself. Meanwhile, Qualcomm claims the FTC’s claims should be dismissed because it’s filled with “fallacies and failures”. Qualcomm is in for a big battle, and results may impact how the industry moves on in the coming years. Be sure we will keep our eyes open for more details as they show up. Meanwhile, hit the comments and let us where you see this going. News Samsung, Qualcomm, Intel, FTC FTC, Intel, Qualcomm, Samsung  Intel  Bloomberg, The Wall Street Journal Edgar Cervantes Edgar Cervantes has over 5 years of experience in tech journalism. Exploring the latest gadgets and constantly studying the industry are part of is daily drive. Regardless of what he is working on, you can be sure he is always trying his best to bring you the best content. He will be dead honest and will bend to nothing. Show 10 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   LG G6 International Giveaway! 15 hours ago25 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: James Comey Donald Trump ObamaCare Just In... Chelsea Manning to remain on active duty after prison release Blog Briefing Room — 4h 49m ago Washington lawmaker’s wife dies Blog Briefing Room — 5h 50m ago Microsoft calls for end of government hacking techniques Cybersecurity — 6h 3m ago Preet Bharara asks: Will public servants say no to a president? News — 6h 6m ago GOP mega-donor Adelson 'furious' over Tillerson's Israel comments: report Blog Briefing Room — 6h 26m ago N. Korea claims missile could carry nuclear warhead International — 6h 33m ago FBI investigator warns: 'We're not done with the bin Ladens yet' National Security — 6h 54m ago Comey in 2014: FBI must 'maintain independence from political forces' Administration — 7h 11m ago view all   Warner: Senate Intel Committee would 'love' Comey to testify in open hearing By Mallory Shelbourne - 05/14/17 12:49 PM EDT 2,281   © Greg Nash Sen. Mark WarnerMark WarnerWarner: Senate Intel Committee would 'love' Comey to testify in open hearing Flynn subpoena sets up battle between White House, Congress Democrat Senator warns of poor 'outcome' for past secret Oval Office tapes MORE (D-Va.), the vice chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee on Sunday said the committee would “love” to have former FBI Director James Comey testify in an open hearing. “I think Jim Comey deserves his chance to lay out to the American public his side of the facts," Warner told ABC’s “This Week." ADVERTISEMENT “We would love to have Director Comey appear in an open hearing,” Warner said when asked if the committee has invited Comey to testify publicly since his firing last week. While Comey declined to testify in a closed door hearing, the former FBI head is reportedly willing to testify in an open hearing.  The Senate Intelligence Committee has oversight on the probe into Russia’s meddling in the United States election, which was led by Comey at the FBI. The investigation also includes looking into any potential ties between Trump campaign staff members and Russia. Comey was fired last week by Trump in a signed letter calling for “a new beginning” at the FBI. The Trump administration has provided various reasons for Comey’s dismissal, including recommendations from the Justice Department and Trump’s own statement that Comey “was not doing a good job.” “How he was treated was pretty awful by this president," Warner said of Comey on Sunday. Tags Russia Mark Warner   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Preet Bharara tweets: Trump did... Preet Bharara, a former U.S. attorney who was fired by President Trump,... 234 Shares 2 Trump's Comey firing sets off new... President Trump is besieged by internal leaks as he tries to weather the... 163 Shares 3 Clapper notes 'curious pattern' of... Former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said there is a “... 142 Shares 4 The Memo: Dangers ahead for Trump... President Trump and his team are deeply entangled in the controversy over... 141 Shares 5 Good riddance to James Comey,... OPINION | Donald Trump is a shrewd political actor. He saw through Comey... 136 Shares 6 Flynn subpoena sets up battle... The Senate Intelligence Committee’s subpoena of Michael Flynn’s private... 120 Shares 7 Rival Senate healthcare group... A rival group of Republican senators is seeking leverage to influence the... 114 Shares 8 Sean Spicer latest target for... The rumor mill in Washington is working overtime on how long White House... 91 Shares 9 Falwell: Trump gave 'best... Jerry Falwell Jr., the president of Liberty University, on Sunday praised... 90 Shares 10 GOP mega-donor Adelson 'furious'... GOP mega-donor Sheldon Adelson is reportedly furious at Secretary of State... 73 Shares 11 Dem senator: Trump administration... A top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee said Sunday that it... 60 Shares 12 Comey willing to testify, but only... James Comey is willing to speak to Congress following his sudden dismissal... 53 Shares 13 Trump considering staff shake-up:... President Trump is reportedly weighing a shake-up in his administration.... 52 Shares 14 Poll: 78 Percent think Russian...  A growing 78 percent of Americans believe an independent commission or... 48 Shares 15 Tillerson responds to McCain: ‘I... Secretary of State Rex Tillerson responded to Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.)... 48 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Share 2 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-05-14 SNL’s Amazon Echo Silver Skit Attempts To Poke Fun At Older People, Shows Good Smart Speaker Concept Instead Entertainment, News 2017-05-14 ‘Ellen DeGeneres Show’: Nicole Kidman Spitting Out Chef’s Food, Rude Or Just A Harmless Joke? Entertainment 2017-05-14 Kelly Clarkson Chooses Between ‘The Voice’ And ‘American Idol’ Entertainment 2017-05-14 Freeform’s ‘Baby Daddy’ Canceled Or Renewed? Will The Season 6 Finale Be Its Last? News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News Opinion 2017-05-15 Dear Liberals: It’s Not Us, It’s You [Opinion] News 2017-05-14 Ivanka Trump: Just Where Is Donald Trump’s Daughter During His Most Recent White House Crisis? [Opinion] News 2017-05-14 Black Lives Matter Activists Are Reuniting Families This Mother’s Day Through ‘Free Black Mamas’ Campaign News 2017-05-14 FBI Offering $10 Million Reward For Information On Leader Of al-Nusrah Terrorist Group Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-05-15 Did CM Punk Really Sell More Merchandise Than John Cena? Basketball 2017-05-15 Are The Big Baller Brand’s ZO2 Prime Good For Basketball, Sneaker Culture? [Opinion] Baseball 2017-05-15 Recent Success Leaves Dodgers With What Appears To Be 90’s Nostalgia [Opinion] Baseball 2017-05-15 Derek Jeter Night Quickly Overtaken By Springer, Astros Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-05-11 Today Is National Eat What You Want Day! Here’s How To Score Free Food Lifestyle 2017-05-09 Mother’s Day 2017: Six Cool Last-Minute Gifts To Give Mom Lifestyle 2017-05-05 What Is Cinco De Mayo Really About? Avocados And Beer Lifestyle 2017-05-04 What Is Cinco De Mayo And Why Does It Mean Avocados Are More Expensive? Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-05-14 Cholera Outbreak: 115 Dead In Yemen ‘We Are Now Facing Serious Outbreak Of Cholera,’ Says Red Cross Health 2017-05-13 Long Eradicated Diseases Hidden In Permafrost May Run Rampant Again Thanks To Climate Change Health 2017-05-07 PPD Awareness Month: Mom Gets Real About Postpartum Depression, Shows How Life’s Not Always ‘Facebook Ready’ Health 2017-05-07 Does Johnson’s Baby Powder Cause Cancer? Woman Awarded $110.5 Million In Baby Powder Lawsuit Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Science 2017-05-14 Atheism Makes You More Intelligent: Research Gaming 2017-05-14 ‘Clash Of Clans’ Hack 2017: Free Gems Cheat Creating More Buzz Than May 2017 ‘Clash Of Clans’ Update Technology 2017-05-14 Intel To Unveil Newfangled VR Games Next Month Technology 2017-05-14 iPhone 8 To Release Non-Voice-Operated Siri With Text, Image, Video Recognition BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-05-14 Miss USA 2017 Winner – Miss D.C. Kara McCullough Loses Twitter: ‘Affordable Healthcare Is A Privilege’ BuzzWorthy 2017-05-14 600-Pound Weight Loss: Couple Who Sticks Together, Loses Weight Together BuzzWorthy 2017-05-14 Trump’s Golf Trip #21 – Trump Golfs On Mother’s Day In Sterling, Virginia, Tweets Melania ‘Happy Mother’s Day’ BuzzWorthy 2017-05-14 Is Avril Lavigne Dead And Replaced By Melissa Vandella? Here’s The Real Story Behind The Viral Hoax SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss The 12-Inch MacBook Might Finally Be A Serious Laptop This 2017, Claims Apple Analyst Gadgets 2 0 0 May 14, 2017 The 12-Inch MacBook Might Finally Be A Serious Laptop This 2017, Claims Apple Analyst Simon Alvarez The 12-inch MacBook is arguably Apple’s most polarizing device in years. An ultrathin laptop that is full of compromises, the sleek machine traded power and usability over form and design. Even with the release of the 2016 MacBook, which featured a processor bump, numerous serious laptop users shunned the device over its lack of horsepower and massive limitations. Fortunately for the 12-inch machine, it appears that the ultraportable would finally be a serious productivity machine when its latest iteration gets released this year. KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who is one of the tech industry’s most reliable sources for Apple leaks and updates, has stated that the 12-inch MacBook would feature numerous updates this 2017, as stated in a MacRumors report. According to the analyst, Apple would equip the 12-inch device with an Intel Kaby Lake M-class processor, which would give the laptop a significant boost in speed. While the Intel Core M processor is inferior to the top-tier i-Class chips that are rumored for the 2017 MacBook Pro, the processors would nonetheless give this year’s 12-inch MacBook a lot more power than its predecessor. Apart from a Kaby Lake processor, Kuo also stated that the 12-inch MacBook 2017 would be fitted with 16GB of RAM, a notable improvement over the 8GB of memory that is featured in the current iteration of the machine, according to a CultofMac report. With a Core M Kaby Lake chip and 16GB of RAM, the 12-inch MacBook 2017 would most likely be able to initiate and complete tasks extremely well. Even tasks such as video editing, which were notably difficult in the 2016 MacBook, would most probably be feasible with the upcoming device. Apple's 12-inch MacBook $300 off plus open-box deals from $880 https://t.co/qFbyt1zEqt pic.twitter.com/qi2UmGMzlp — 9to5Toys (@9to5toys) May 3, 2017 While most rumors about Apple laptops for 2017 are centered on the MacBook Pro, there have also been many notable speculations emerging about the upcoming 12-inch MacBook. Among these is the inclusion of an improved Force Touch trackpad that would be compatible with the Apple Pencil, as well as the possible debut of an LTE version of the ultraportable laptop. Other colors are also speculated to be debuting with the 12-inch MacBook 2017, such as a Jet Black or red option. The frame of the ultraportable machine, however, is speculated to be the same as the 2015 and 2016 variants. Other rumors have also suggested that the 2017 MacBook would come with a larger, 13-inch variant. The specs of this larger unit are speculated to be comparable to the 12-inch version, though its battery life is rumored to be superior. Of course, these speculations have not been confirmed by leaks or any official announcements from the Cupertino-based tech giant. Thus, these predictions must be taken with a notable grain of salt. Setup: by @tiffwang_ ???? #apple #macbook #iphone #clean #amazing #awesome #photo #photography #tech #workspace #mini… https://t.co/G92A0upBDI pic.twitter.com/aFsyLFSmRw — 1PIXEL GEEK (@onepixelgeek) May 8, 2017 What has been predicted by Kuo, however, is the possible production and release date of the upcoming device. According to the noted Apple analyst, the 12-inch MacBook 2017 would start its mass production early in the second quarter of the year. Thus, while unconfirmed, there is a good chance that the 2017 MacBook is already being mass-produced. If this is indeed the case, there is a good chance that the device would be unveiled to the public sometime around June, when the 10.5-inch iPad Pro 2 is speculated to be revealed. Kuo has stated that the shipments of MacBooks would be far more efficient this year, especially as it appears that Apple has already ironed out its alleged production problems. If this is indeed the case, the 12-inch MacBook 2017 would be available sooner than initially expected. Pricing for the 12-inch MacBook 2017 has not been announced or leaked as of date, though rumors are high that the upcoming machine would be priced at a similar price point as its predecessor. [Featured Image by Stephen Lam/Getty Images] Share 2 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Simon Alvarez Tags: 12-inch MacBook 2017, Apple, macbook May 14, 2017 ’13 Reasons Why’ Star Katherine Langford Responds To Backlash May 14, 2017 Miss USA Pageant Host Julianne Hough Shares Her Secret For Avoiding Wardrobe Malfunctions Comments LATEST HEADLINES Did CM Punk Really Sell More Merchandise Than John Cena? Are The Big Baller Brand’s ZO2 Prime Good For Basketball, Sneaker Culture? [Opinion] Recent Success Leaves Dodgers With What Appears To Be 90’s Nostalgia [Opinion] Derek Jeter Night Quickly Overtaken By Springer, Astros Punk Band PWR BTTM’s Album Release Derailed By Lead Singer’s Alleged Sexual Abuse Scandal ‘Little People, Big World’s’ Zach And Tori Welcome Baby! See The Cute First Family Photo Runaway Black Hole Hunted Down By NASA Is 160 Million Times The Mass Of The Sun ‘Dragon Ball Super’: The Pros And Cons Of Having Frieza As U7’s 10th Member [Opinion] Analysts Pick Apart Kevin O’Leary’s Sudden Withdrawal From Conservative Leadership Race In Canada iPhone SE Series 2 Will Be Made Of Glass, Release Date On WWDC? Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Donald Trump Indictment: Sealed Indictment Reportedly Issued Against Trump, Will Become Basis For Impeachment 7.4k 0 0 Full List Of 2017-2018 Canceled Shows For CBS, NBC, ABC, FX, Fox, Hulu, Netflix, HBO, Starz, And More 7.1k 0 0 ‘Last Man Standing’ Canceled With 8.1M Viewers: Fans Boycott ABC Over Tim Allen’s Conservative Christian Role 9.8k 0 0 Stephen King Is Calling For Trump To Be Impeached 7.1k 0 0 Canceled TV Shows 2017 Announced For ABC, NBC, CBS, Fox, And More 4.9k 0 0 Jim Parsons, Star of ‘The Big Bang Theory’ Marries His Long Time Love In New York 3.3k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
Home News Crime Local Texas Sports Investigations Weather Alerts Allergy Report Forecast Radar Rainfall Totals Low Water Crossing & Road Closures Austin Webcams Traffic Report It Live Stream Studio512 Contact Us 71° F Clear Hi: 91° F Lo: 65° F Forecast Radar Weather Blog Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local Texas National Crime Politics Live Streaming Bastrop County Hays County Williamson County Featured: Biloxi Bus Crash immigraiton Texas Legislature Latest Headlines Afghan official: Roadside bomb kills 4 in eastern province 12:50 am KABUL, Afghanistan (AP) — An Afghan official says at least four people were killed when a police vehicle hit a roadside bomb in eastern Pakt… Malaysia seizes 330 exotic tortoises from Madagascar 12:40 am KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) — Malaysian authorities said Monday that they have seized 330 exotic tortoises from Madagascar worth 1.2 million… AP Top International News at 2:23 a.m. EDT Updated: 31 mins ago Remembering fallen APD Officer Abdul-Khaliq for National Police Week May 14, 2017 ‘School choice’ change to finance bill begins high stakes negotiations May 14, 2017 Weather Weather Alerts Allergy Report Burn Bans Forecast Lake Levels Radar Rainfall Totals Satellite SatRad Tropics Water Crossings Weather Blog Weather Diary Webcams Current Conditions 71° F Clear Feels Like: 71° F Wind: 6 Humidity: 78% Dewpoint: 64° F Sunrise: 6:37 AM Sunset: 8:17 PM Austin Area Weather 7-Day Forecast Radar Allergy Satellite Traffic Low Water Crossings Investigations Sports More Than The Score Report It More About Us Contact Us Meet Our Team Television Schedule Work for Us ——————- Austin Events Calendar KXAN Educates XtheTXT Contests Email Alerts Text Alerts Studio 512 Studio 512 Art Beauty Cocktails DIY Entertainment Family Fashion Financial Fitness Food Gardening Home Décor Medical Music Pets Personal Time Weddings Latest Headlines The Benefits of Float Therapy May 12, 2017 True REST Float Spa Austin is located at 10721 Research Boulevard, Suite B-170. To book an appointment or for more information, call 512-432… The Science Behind Healthy Skin May 12, 2017 You can learn about the important ingredient in BREVENA® skincare by calling 1-800-260-8031 or go to Brevena.com for more details. A Dog That is Just the Right Size for You May 11, 2017 How to Put Together a Macaroni and Cheese Bar May 11, 2017 A Fun DIY That Will Make Your Nails Shine May 11, 2017 Search for: Search the site 71° F Clear Hi: 91° F Lo: 65° F Mayor Adler, business leaders send off local students to international science festival By Marievel Santiago Published: May 14, 2017, 9:49 am Updated: May 14, 2017, 9:59 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Students meet with Mayor Adler, Austin Energy VP and other business representatives before boarding their plane for the Intel International Science and Engineering Festival in Los Angeles, May 14, 2017. (Austin Energy Photo) AUSTIN (KXAN) — Mayor Steve Adler and several business representatives wished a group of local students good luck Saturday morning as they depart for the Intel International Science and Engineering Festival in Los Angeles. Adler, along with Austin Energy Vice President Mark Dreyfus and representatives from Intel, Synopsys and 3M met with the seven area students at Austin-Bergstrom International Airport before they board their plane to California. Made up of seven students from Dripping Springs High School, Westwood High School and the Liberal Arts and Science Academy, the team will test their skills in the one of the world’s largest international science competitions. The students will compete against 1800 other students from more than 75 countries for a chance to win up to $4 million in prizes for their research. As the STEM students received a pep talk from the mayor and local representatives, they presented to their mothers a long-stemmed flower as a token of thanks before boarding the plane on a special day. The 2017 Intel International Science and Engineering Festival will be held from May 14-19. Share this: Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Related Posts Big group ‘Splash!’ celebrates 70 years of Barton Springs Bathhouse Capital Factory celebrates expansion with latest in VR technology Looking to build? New zoning map changes the rules Austin approves money for road revamp projects Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » KXAN.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Users who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending on KXAN.com Top Stories ‘School choice’ change to finance bill begins high stakes negotiations Remembering fallen APD Officer Abdul-Khaliq for National Police Week Hundreds protest ‘sanctuary cities bill’ at City Hall, Governor’s Mansion on Mother’s Day Photo Galleries PHOTOS: Hail blankets parts of Austin-metro Thursday NWS: 6 tornadoes hit Canton area, including EF-4 PHOTOS: Whole Foods 365 in Cedar Park Mugshots: Teachers charged with inappropriate relationship with students PHOTOS: San Marcos streets, cars underwater PHOTOS: U.S. missile attacks on Syria’s air bases PHOTOS: Severe storms move through Central Texas PHOTOS: Members from First Baptist New Braunfels killed in crash PHOTOS: Members from First Baptist New Braunfels killed in crash PHOTOS: Anvil cloud looms over the Austin area PHOTOS: Attack on British Parliament PHOTOS: Train crashes into bus from Austin in Biloxi PHOTOS: Storm spawns tornadoes across central US Thrall-area struck by two tornadoes PHOTOS: Severe storms leave behind damage, destruction A Day Without Immigrants Bastrop kidnapping ends in deadly shooting along SH 71 in Del Valle PHOTOS: Red carpet fashion at the Grammys PHOTOS: Truck slams into Georgetown home leaving gaping hole That time Lady Gaga rocked Halftime Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KXAN.com © 2000-2017 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Austin Weather Traffic Investigations Report It Sports KXAN Educates Station About Us Contact Us Contests TV Schedule Email Alerts Text Alerts Work for Us Facebook Twitter Business Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File Children’s TV Programming EEO Report Media General Our Stations The CW Austin KBVO Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram KXAN-TV 908 W. Martin Luther King Jr Blvd Austin, Texas 78701 Ph: 512-476-3636 KXAN Feedback If you have feedback about KXAN, we'd love to hear it. If you have a story, investigative, weather or web site tip, please visit our Report It page. Advertisement X Our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Have Changed Important Notice About Our Privacy Policy: We have modified our Privacy Policy to update and clarify our data collection, use, and disclosure practices. By using this site, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
News Deals Apps & Games Reviews Cell Phone Plans The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Galaxy S8 Android O LG G6 Nougat updates Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: How to install a Linux desktop on your Android device Featuresby Adam Sinicki16 hours ago 23 878 113 One of the things I love most about being a freelance writer and independent app developer is the amount of freedom it gives me to live and work as I like. Often this means travelling and working on the move. Some of my favorite memories involve typing away in bars in foreign countries while sipping beer and soaking up the atmosphere. Other times I find myself working in coffee shops around London or Oxford. It’s ace. The only problem is the tech. While there are plenty of great hybrid Windows tablets out there like the Surface Pro (my daily driver), the issue is that these can’t fit into my pocket. So, if I’m meeting friends in London for drinks and I fancy working with a view of Big Ben, I have to take a man-bag with me and then carry it around the bars and clubs worrying constantly about it getting stolen or damaged. If I want to work on my upcoming trip to Berlin, I’ll need to take my laptop with me and use up pretty much all my hand-luggage. What I really want is for my phone to be fully capable of replacing my laptop. What I really want is for my phone to be fully capable of replacing my laptop. It’s powerful enough for sure and the 5.1” screen is large enough for still-decent eyesight. The problem is the software. I love Android, but the multitasking features are still relatively tame. Phones with Android N and up have multiscreen functionality but really I need a full desktop environment to get properly into my workflow. I want to view a browser to do research while editing a proper docx file. I want to be able to browse files and drag and drop them into WordPress. And that’s the real genius of Android because it actually allows you to do all that. Android is so open and so flexible that there are multiple ways you can get a full desktop environment up and running on your smartphone. And that includes an option to install the full desktop version Ubuntu! That requires root but not every option does. Read on… A bunch of ways to get a desktop environment running on your Android phone (no root) Crossover for Android If you are one of the fortunate few to have an Intel powered smartphone, such as the Zenfone 2 or the Lenovo K900, then you will be able to install and run an app called ‘Crossover’. This is essentially an app that lets you install and run Windows software directly such as Steam, Microsoft Office and more at native speeds. The programs run in windows too that can be dragged around and resized just as though they were running on a desktop PC! Not all software works though and unfortunately the fact that you need an Intel processor is going to be a limiting factor for most users. Debian No Root Debian No Root will install a ‘flavor’ of Debian called ‘Jessie’, or rather it will install a ‘compatibility layer’ allowing you to run Debian software in a desktop environment. The distro comes with a terminal, allowing you to install additional software. Just type sudo apt-get install iceweasel to get a browser based on Firefox up and running for example. Setting up Debian NoRoot! There are compatibility issues here once again though. Any phone running an Android version older than 4.4 won’t allow you to uninstall and then reinstall. More concerning is that you won’t be able to install any software on versions 6.0 and upwards. This is because the developer doesn’t have a new phone to test on and hasn’t been able to fix the bugs as a result… It’s frustrating because for those phones that can run Debian No Root, this is a pretty decent option. It’s a little slow but other than that, this is the dream of Linux without root! Limbo PC Emulator Yes, you read right! There is a PC emulator called Limbo that  runs on Android devices and is powerful enough to let you get Windows up and running. I’ve not had any luck with it myself and it seems to be a rather laborious process that results in something that’s pretty slow. So, my advice is to skip this option. Still though, if you are the kind of person to go through the entire process just so you can show off your phone running Windows… you’ll find the instructions here. There are plenty of options for getting some kind of desktop environment up and running on your device without having to root Heck, if you want to go the emulator route there’s nothing stopping you from installing Windows 95 through DosBox. Just don’t expect to do anything much with it… Multitasking Apps There are a bunch of apps out there that seek to emulate a desktop environment. My favorite is Multiscreen Multitasking seeing as I made it… This is an app that builds lots of small utilities into a single app and then puts them inside draggable windows. Basically, it just lets you open up webviews and edit texts and then drag them around. Though I did make a file manager and include the option to load up widgets and use them like mini apps inside windows. You can also do some other stuff, like open the source of a website or save it as an editable image file and draw on it. I’ll be honest though: Multiscreen Multitasking is old now. My coding abilities have come a long way since then and it’s pretty janky. I actually made this in Basic4Android! One day, I intend on rebuilding this app with full Docx support, sheets and a nicer UI. To be clear though, I’m not recommending you download it as it is right now. My app: Multiscreen Multitasking. Old now but it was a good idea I thought at the time… Frustratingly, another developer has actually done the same thing slightly better with Leena Desktop UI. This is the very same concept but it is a bit more attractive and the browser supports Google Drive and Google Docs – so you can actually get some work done! It’s a launcher too, so you can use it to launch your regular apps. Sentio is similar and there are other options out there… but I still did it first! And finally you have the various floating apps options, such as the well-named ‘Floating Apps’. To be honest though, floating apps tend to be a little fiddly to use and no replacement for a true desktop. And the rest… As you can see then, there are plenty of options for getting some kind of desktop environment up and running on your device without having to root. Of course, if you have the new Samsung S8 then you can try using DeX – though that requires an external monitor (until someone figures out a hack at least). Another option is to stream your desktop PC using software like Splashtop Remote. This relies on your PC being on and your connection being strong however. Either way, there are plenty of options and you should be able to find something that works for you with minimum compromises. Just be aware of some of the scams out there – options like ‘Change My Software’ do not work. If you’re ever unsure, just see what the XDA Forums make of it. All this pales in comparison though to installing true desktop Ubuntu on your Android device! So, without further ado… How to install Ubuntu and other versions of Linux on your Android device For this to work you will need a rooted Android device. Rooting your device is usually a fairly simple process but note that it varies from device to device, so I can’t give you a walkthrough here. Once that’s done, you’ll need three apps: Linux Deploy BusyBox VNC Viewer First install BusyBox. BusyBox gives your phone access to Linux commands that it wouldn’t otherwise have and is required for a number of root apps to work. Once you’ve installed it though, you don’t need to worry about it again. Open up Linux Deploy and make sure it has root access. Now hit the small download button on the top or bottom right of the screen. This will bring you to the options menu. Most of the settings in here can be left as they are but this is where you’ll select your Linux distribution. Everything is here from Debian and Ubuntu to Kali Linux, Gentoo, Fedora and more. Picking the suite will change the ‘flavor’ of Linux. You can try them all or you can do a little research and choose whichever you like the looks of most. Down the bottom you can also choose which Desktop environment you like, which will change the look and feel of the app. Tick ‘Enable’ under GUI to ensure you have a graphical interface to work with and check out the GUI Settings just below to change things like the resolution. For my Galaxy S6 Edge Plus I find that 1024×576 works best but you can toy around with this later. Set your user name to ‘root’ to give yourself privileged access and make a note of the password or change it to something more memorable. Now click the menu that looks like three dots and choose ‘Install’. This will take a little while but will install the entire Linux distro on your device. Click the ‘Start’ button to run it in ‘chroot’ – essentially a small sub-compartment on your device. Finally, you’ll use VNC Viewer in order to actually view the GUI. Load it up and set the address to ‘localhost:5900’. Then enter the password that you set earlier. And with that as long as your version of Linus is running you’ll be golden! Now if you want start adding more software head into the Terminal and type: Apt-get install libreoffice – For LibreOffice Apt-get install iceweasel – For Firefox Apt-get install idle – For Python Idle Apt-get install gimp – For GIMP Apt-get install nautilus-dropbox – For DropBox Apt-get install software-center – For an ‘app store’, although this wouldn’t run on my distro There are plenty more but that should be enough to get you started. You should also run ‘apt-get update’ at some point to ensure everything is up-to-date. Other than that, grab yourself a Bluetooth keyboard and mouse and get to work! Be sure to let us know how you get on in the comments or if you have discovered any other methods of getting a full desktop environment up and running on your phone. Features Root, Linux Linux, Root Adam Sinicki Show 23 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   LG G6 International Giveaway! 14 hours ago25 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Reviews Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: Forget Core i7, there is a new top dog in town 2 by Surur  @mspoweruser May 14, 2017 at 7:00 GMT24 hours ago A slide has leaked describing Intel’s new generation of processors, targetted for later this year. Based on the LGA2066 socket, the new platform will support DDR4 memory and include six, eight and ten core CPU. It will apparently include both lower-end Kaby Lake-X and Skylake-X variants and be code-named Basin Falls. Reportedly it will include a new Core i9 variant in both versions featuring 10-12 cores and even more PCIe lanes. Potential Intel Core i9 Skylake-X and Kaby Lake-X processors Name Cores/ Threads L3 Cache (MB) Base clock/ Turbo clock (GHz) PCIe Lanes Supported Memory TDP Launch i7-7640K (Kaby Lake-X) 4/4 6 4.0 / 4.2 (Turbo 2.0) 16 2 x DDR4-2666 112W June 2017 i7-7740K (Kaby Lake-X) 4/8 8 4.3 / 4.5 (Turbo 2.0) 16 2 x DDR4-2666 112W June 2017 i9-7800X (Skylake-X) 6/12 8.25 3.5 / 4.0 (Turbo 2.0) 28 4 x DDR4-2666 140W June 2017 i9-7820X (Skylake-X) 8/16 11 4.3 / 4.5 (Turbo 2.0) 28 4 x DDR4-2666 140W June 2017 i9-7900X (Skylake-X) 10/20 13.75 3.3 / 4.3 (Turbo 2.0) 4.5 (Turbo 3.0) 44 4 x DDR4-2666 140W June 2017 i9-7920X (Skylake-X) 12/24 16.5 TBA 44 4 x DDR4-2666 140W August 2017 Aimed at the gamer market, the processors are expected to be launched at GamesCon 2017, where details like pricing and availability are expected to be released. Some links in the article may not be viewable as you are using an AdBlocker. Please add us to your whitelist to enable the website to function properly. Source anandtech.com Via neowin.net Related core i9 hardware intel Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending Forget Core i7, there is a new top dog in town by Surur 0 Trending Microsoft release statement on massive worldwide WannaCrypt ransomware attack by Surur 0 Comments Advertisement MSPoweruser Podcast MSPoweruser Podcast 47: Fluent Design, the Windows 10 Fall Creators Update, and much more by Andrew Bennett on May 12, 2017 Microsoft’s keynotes at Build 2017 have concluded, and they’ve announced a ton of things that should interest both consumers and developers. Also in this episode: Andy struggles ... Subscribe Now Advertisement Windows 10 Turn any Xbox One controller into almost an Elite with Bionik’s QuickShot by Asher Madan on May 14, 2017 Have you ever wanted a Scuf customization or an Xbox Elite Controller? Well, the main feature both of those products offers is hair triggers. For those unaware of hair triggers, it basically... A closer look at Microsoft’s Windows Mixed Reality Motion Controllers (vid... by Surur Up till a few days ago the best way to interact with Microsoft’s Windows Mixed Reality platform was an Xbox controller, which was less than ideal. The lack of a dedicated motion contro... US Defense Department’s priority is “to advance the transition to Mi... by Surur In the wake of the WannaCrypt cyber attack disaster in UK, US readers may be concerned about the preparedness of their own government for similar attacks. The good news is that the top prior... Fluent Design comes to the Movies & TV app on Windows 10 Mobile by Sean Chan Microsoft has updated the Movies & TV app for Windows 10 with elements of the recently announced Fluent Design (aka Project NEON). The latest update for the Movies & TV app adds in-a... Microsoft’s mobile future is looking pretty good by Michael Allison Yesterday, Microsoft revealed the future of its mobile ambitions at Build 2017 yesterday and unsurprisingly enough for Nadella’s Microsoft, it’s less of Windows and more of iOS a... Advertisement Deals Deal: Save up to £665 on Surface Book and get Bowers & Wilkins P3 Series 2 On-Ear Headphones for fr... Microsoft Store is now offering a huge discount on select Surface Book devices in the UK. You can get £375 discount on the Surface Book Intel Core i7, 512GB SSD, 16GB RAM /dGPU model and a ... Microsoft Store announces deals for college grads Microsoft Store yesterday announced deals for the upcoming graduation season. These deals will be offered at both physical locations and online (microsoftstore.com). You can find deals on Wi... Deal: Get $150 off select Microsoft Surface Pro 4 devices in the US Microsoft Store is now offering a $150 discount on select Surface Pro 4 devices in the United States. For example, you can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core i5, 128GB SSD and 4GB... Save nearly 40% on Tom Clancy’s Ghost Recon: Wildlands on Amazon You can now save nearly 40% on online retailer Amazon when you purchase Ubisoft’s open world tactical shooter Tom Clancy’s Ghost Recon: Wildlands. This discount comes after the title... Dark Souls 3:The Fire Fades Edition brings the game and DLC to Xbox One in one p... Bandai Namco has just released and updated version of Dark Souls III, titled Dark Souls III: The Fire Fades Edition to both Xbox One and PS4. The Fire Fades edition expounds upon the base ga... Deal: Sign up for Groove Music Pass today and get 4 months of subscription for f... With Groove Music Pass, you can stream and download new hits and familiar favorites from millions of songs. You can listen to ad-free experience just about anywhere (web, PC, Xbox, iPhone, A... Deal: Save $330 on the entry-level Microsoft Surface Book You can now get the entry-level Surface Book device for just $1,169 from Amazon. This Surface Book model comes with Intel Core i5 processor, 8GB RAM and 128GB storage. Surface Book weighs as... Deal of the day: Save big on refurbished HP Windows desktops and laptops If you are looking for an affordable Windows PC, check out this latest deal from Amazon US. You can save big on refurbished HP Windows desktops and laptops. For example, a 15-inch HP laptop ... T-Mobile has reportedly discontinued the Alcatel Idol 4S The arrival of the high-powered Alcatel Idol 4S was somewhat unexpected, but its early departure is par for the course for Windows Phones. PocketNow reports that despite steep discounts whic... Deal: Get Surface Book with 256GB / Intel Core i5 / NVIDIA GPU for $1,616 Amazon US is now offering a significant discount on the Surface Book. You can now get a discount of $283 on the Surface Book with Intel Core i5/8GB RAM/256GB/NVIDIA graphics. Find the curren... Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2017 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Up and Down Wall Street Trump, Nixon, and the Economy Trump firing Comey may remind many of Watergate. But inflation and unemployment are low, and there’s no specter of stagflation. By Randall W. Forsyth Biography Updated May 13, 2017 1:01 a.m. ET History doesn’t repeat, and maybe it doesn’t even rhyme, but echoes of October 1973 were heard last week. The firing of former Federal Bureau of Investigation head James Comey may not equate to the dismissal of Watergate special prosecutor Archibald Cox in the infamous Saturday Night Massacre. But President Donald Trump seemed to do his... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Europe on Sale: Time to Buy Foreign Stocks Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Bruce Greenwald: Channeling Graham and Dodd Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Gundlach, Einhorn & Ackman at Sohn Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Time to Buy Emerging Markets Stocks Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: Should Investors Be Optimistic About Snap? 2 Whole Foods Gives New Incentives to Shop 3 Shares of Fossil and Fitbit Down 50% Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Entertainment Marvel's Cancelling Black Panther & The Crew, One Of Its Most Important Comics Right Now Sunday Comics: Forced Fusion Tutorial The Director's Cut Of Marvel's Vision Is Full Of Even More Gorgeous Art Syfy's Plan To Save Itself: Harry Potter, Comic Books And George R.R. Martin Esports Here's To That Guy Creeping Around The Witcher 3 Card Game Tournament  Dota 2 Commentator Reveals She's Been Diagnosed With Cancer  Survey: 42 Per Cent Of Esports Viewers Don't Play The Games They Watch Hearthstone Playoffs Will Be Held In Sports Bars, Which Presents Some Problems Xbox You Can Finish Prey In Less Than 9 Minutes The Hitman Series Has A Long History Of Excellence Alan Wake Is Disappearing, Perhaps Forever, From Steam And Xbox Live GTA 5's Police Are A Danger To Themselves And Others (But Mostly Themselves) PlayStation Get A PS4 Pro And Horizon Zero Dawn For Under $500 Here's A Brief Look At The Maps Coming In Call Of Duty Zombie Chronicles  LEGO Dimensions Goonies Is Good Enough For Me, Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Parappa And Ouendan Creators Join Forces For Project Rap Rabbit Nintendo Modder Adds Sonic To Mario Kart 8 A Super Famicom Cartridge Is Being Released In 2017  What We Liked (And Didn't Like) About Breath Of The Wild's Final Boss Don't Get NBA Playgrounds On The Switch Just Yet PC Get Alan Wake Before It Disappears Metabox Alpha's N850HK: Plenty Of Bang, Not Much Buck Why This Zarya Mouse Pad Is Awesome Quake Champions Plays Like Quake, Which Is Sort Of The Problem Mobile Report: Nintendo's Making A Mobile Zelda Game Match Land Is A More Loveable Sort Of Puzzle Adventure Game The Best Value Mobile Broadband Plans In Australia Injustice 2's Mobile Game Is A Little Rough, But It Will Do In Real Life Deals: Be Emergency Ready With This Twin Pack Of Tactical Torches This Week In Games: The Shadow Of Injustice The Captain Is Dead Is All About Surviving A Sci-Fi Horror Scenario While You Were Sleeping Retro ScribbleTaku The Mums In Chrono Trigger Had It Rough ScribbleTaku ScribbleTaku Toggle navigation Entertainment Esports Xbox PlayStation Nintendo PC Mobile In Real Life Retro Metabox Alpha's N850HK: Plenty Of Bang, Not Much Buck Quake Champions Plays Like Quake, Which Is Sort Of The Problem Deals: Be Emergency Ready With This Twin Pack Of Tactical Torches Prey: The Kotaku Review Metabox Alpha's N850HK: Plenty Of Bang, Not Much Buck Logan Booker May 15, 2017, 3:30pm ⋅ Filed to:  alpha n850hk Australian Stories feature laptops metabox Share Image: Metabox A few years ago, I made the prediction that 2015 would be the year of the gaming laptop. Turns out, I was a bit early... but not by much. With the release of NVIDIA's GeForce 10 series, the company's mobile GPUs flaunt near-desktop levels of performance. Which makes buying a notebook in 2017 an exciting proposition. But how best to spend those valuable dollars while satisfying your gaming urges? Metabox's Alpha N850HK could be the answer. What Is It? Metabox's Alpha series represents the builder's more affordable range of notebooks. In terms of specifications however, they are in no way slouches. 15.6" and 17.3" units are available, all packing Intel's i7-7700HQ processor. The quad-core chip is close to the top-end of laptop CPUs. Where the main differentiation comes is the graphics. Depending on the model you go with, you'll get a GTX 1050 or 1050 Ti. The chips are comparable — 640MHz/1354MHz core and memory clocks versus 768MHz/1493MHz for the Ti. Both have a 128-bit bus. But the Ti has a little extra under the hood — 48 texture units and 32 render output units, up from the 1050's 40 and 16. For this review, we'll be looking at the N850HK, which comes with the 1050 Ti. Because Metabox allows you to customise almost everything about the build, here are the particulars of our configuration: 15.6" FHD 1920x1080 IPS WVA Matte 60Hz LED NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050 Ti 4GB Intel Core i7-7700HQ Processor (up to 3.8GHz) 16GB DDR4 2400MHZ SK Hynix SC308 512GB SATA3 SSD Intel 3168 AC Dual Band Wi-Fi 378 x 267 x 26.9mm (WDH) 2.3kg (with battery) This level of customisation means the price can vary a lot. At the time of writing, going with the minimal build (no OS or hard drive), you'll be out $1349. The cheapest drive, a 128GB Intel SSD, brings this to $1449, while tossing in Windows 10 raises the total to $1594. Keep in mind that Metabox (and resellers) tend to have deals going at various times, so you can save a hundred bucks or so by timing your purchase. In terms of the design, the chassis is solid plastic, sturdy and low-fuss. The lid is tightly sealed — you'll need to hold the base down before cracking it open, lest you flip the thing. It's totally black, except for self-lit keyboard, grey Metabox logos and the gleam of copper through the cooling vents. Speaking of vents, there's three — a bottom intake and two outtakes positioned in the back-left and right sides. If you enjoy having a warm mouse hand, this is the notebook for you. At 2.3kg it's no ultrabook and sits on the borderline of being too weighty as an all-day backpack carry. But, given the hardware inside, it's a reasonable compromise. Finally, it comes with plenty of ports: 1x USB 2.0 3x USB 3.0 (1x Type C, 2x Type A) 1x HDMI 2x Mini DisplayPort 1.2 1x headphone jack 1x microphone jack 1x RJ-45 1Gb/s LAN There's also a six-in-one card reader (MMC, RSMMC, SD, miniSD, SDHC, SDXC) for all your photo and tiny storage needs. What's It Good At? Image: Metabox As a budget gaming notebook, the N850HK excels. You'll be hard-pressed finding a cheaper notebook with the same specifications and build quality outside of ridiculous discounts and second-hand gear. The i7 chip slays every game you throw at it, leaving the 1050 Ti as the deciding factor. We tested with two benchmarks — The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt and 3DMark's Fire Strike. Because the former doesn't come with a benchmark mode, the game was played for a fixed period at each quality setting, starting with the game's first fight and riding to the next cinematic. Post-processing quality was left at "High". All benchmarks were conducted at the display's native resolution of 1920 x 1080 (click the images for larger versions). Image: Supplied Image: Supplied As you can see, if you blindly go Ultra and cross your fingers, you're going to be disappointed. Still, I was impressed that the game wasn't a slideshow at those settings. I wouldn't call it smooth, but it was definitely playable, if you prefer eye-candy over frames. Once you get to medium details, thing are more acceptable. It's important to keep in mind that The Witcher 3 is at the top-end. If almost any other game is your bag, the 1050 Ti will be able to handle it at high settings. When it can't a few strategic tweaks will almost certainly make things buttery smooth. What's It Not Good At? If you just want to play games at ultra levels, then the N850HK won't satisfy. You'll want a notebook with the 1060 at a minimum. The screen isn't the best going around, if you go for the 1920 x 1080 option. At over 15 inches, the discerning eye can pick up the subtle grid pattern of the display (I've been spoiled for years by the glorious screen of ASUS' UX32VD). Once anything of substance is happening though, it's almost impossible to notice. A 4K panel is an option for ~$350. Battery life also wasn't flash. Idling with the screen always on, the unit lasted three hours and 27 minutes. Under heavy load (FurMark's stress test) it managed 40 minutes, so don't expect to play demanding games for long unplugged. In terms of temperatures, the unit happily idled at 42°C / 46°C for the CPU and GPU respectively at 20°C ambient. Under load running Prime95 and FurMark, these hit 97°C and 77°C respectively. Unsurprisingly, the CPU's throttling logic was triggered, which brought the core down to 90°C for the rest of the test. Consider these numbers the upper limits. Normal use, even playing a demanding game, would never make the hardware this hot and the N850HK's cooling system is more than adequate for the hardware. Should You Buy It? The 1050 Ti can't quite take the crown as a bang-for-your-buck miracle ... but it's close enough. If you're the sort of gamer that doesn't want to stuff around with optimal graphics settings, then you should turn your eyes to Metabox's 1060-equipped offerings, which start with its Prime range. The issue here is you're going to need to spend a couple of hundred extra dollars for the privilege. The 1060 Prime starts at $1799 — and that doesn't include an operating system. That said, if you have an extra $200-$300 to spend, it's worth paying for the 1060's grunt. All up, the Alpha N850HK is a fantastic balance of portability, power and price. Sure, a 1060 would be nice, but the 1050 Ti keeps the notebook in the ~$1500 bracket, which for a lot of people is the upper spending limit when it comes to notebooks. For the cost, the N850HK is about as good as it gets. WATCH MORE: PC Gaming News Comments Be the first to comment on this story! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Be the first to comment on this story! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now This Week In Games: The Shadow Of Injustice Alex Walker 15 May 2017 10:15 AM Like slicing and kicking the shit out of people? Then you'll enjoy the range of titles on offer this week. Injustice 2 lets you (virtually) put the foot into Superman or Batman's junk. Lo Wang returns to slice and dice enemies in Shadow Warrior 2, there's an arena fighter between black and white samurai, PlayStation VR gets one of its biggest releases yet, and there's an adventure involving some bloke called Mr. Pumpkin. Quake Champions Plays Like Quake, Which Is Sort Of The Problem Alex Walker 15 May 2017 1:15 PM The good news. Quake Champions plays, sounds and looks like Quake. The bad news. it definitely needs a bit of work, and it's no closer to solving the problems that have plagued arena shooters, Quake included, for years. Want Kotaku's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Be Emergency Ready With This Twin Pack Of Tactical Torches Deals: Grow Your Programming Skills With This Massive Course Bundle Deals: Because Every Job Can Benefit From Project Management Training Deals: Protect Your Privacy Anywhere In The World With This VPN Trending Articles 1 This Week In Games: The Shadow Of Injustice 2 Quake Champions Plays Like Quake, Which Is Sort Of The Problem 3 Report: Nintendo's Making A Mobile Zelda Game Robots Are Replacing Auto Workers In China Now Too Some HP Laptops Came With A Keylogger Pre-Installed New Poster Gives A First-ish Look At Okja's Titular Creature Chris Harris Thinks Porsche Spoiled The New Boxster By Making It Better Get Alan Wake Before It Disappears Marvel's Cancelling Black Panther & The Crew, One Of Its Most Important Comics Right Now Metabox Alpha's N850HK: Plenty Of Bang, Not Much Buck Report: Nintendo's Making A Mobile Zelda Game Is It Legal To Drive With Headphones On? Why Giant Ice Cubes Are The Only Cubes Your Home Bar Needs IBM's Advice For Hiring Managers How To Permanently Delete Files Off Your Hard Drive [Infographic] The ANZ Bank says the new levy will mean lower shareholder returns Labour MPs quietly believe the party will lose 120 seats in the general election Brits are going to get much poorer this year AUSTRALIAN STOCKS GO NOWHERE: Here's what you need to know © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Kotaku International × Log in to Kotaku Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Kotaku User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Kotaku International Kotaku US Kotaku UK Close
Skip to main content area Sign up for our daily newsletter Newsletter Close Sign me up Toggle menus Toggle search Main menu Security Mobile Server Networking Cloud Strategy Public Sector Storage More Desktop Hardware Desktop Software Laptops Alphr Cloud Pro Channel Pro Search Search Sections News Reviews In-depth App Business travel Innovation at Work Leadership Whitepapers You are here: Home Strategy Opinion View from the airport: Microsoft Build 2017 View from the airport: Microsoft Build 2017 Share twitter linkedin facebook google+ email Christopher Minasians Opinion 15 May, 2017 From Cortana to Project Rome and mixed reality, Build this year was a hell of a show Microsoft's annual Build developer conference took place in Seattle's Washington State Convention Center this year from 10-12 May. This year, Microsoft chose to share all of its nitty gritty stuff on day one and reserved its more consumer-facing products for day two. There were a few underlying themes that stood out to me: artificial intelligence, cross-platform integration, an open source-feel and Microsoft urging developers to code on Windows for non-native apps. With Windows 10 now having 500 million monthly active users, the tech-giant wants to remind developers that it's worth investing time and effort into its products. From chatbots and apps for Microsoft Teams, to seeding AI through Azure stack, IoT Edge, and Microsoft Cognitive Services to provide a safer workplace for individuals on a construction site, this year's Build had a lot to offer. Here are some of the things that really caught my eye. Project Rome SDK for iOS developers This Microsoft project is a way for developers to connect their apps across devices. Previously aimed at Android developers, the functionality is now open to iOS developers, allowing a great way for those who want to test their apps in separate environments simultaneously to do so. This is achievable through the Xamarin Live Player, which will allow developers to debug and test iOS apps on a Windows machine. Cortana is now more useful than ever The somewhat unpopular AI assistant has been transformed into a cross-device, multi-purpose voice assistant. Used by 140 million users on a monthly basis, Microsoft encouraged developers to give more purpose to its AI software. Through a live demonstration, the company showcased how the voice assistant could work in companies collaborating through Microsoft Teams, or remind you that your connected car is out of petrol. An Amazon and Google speaker competitor was showcased too, the Harman Kardon's Invoke; a Cortana-based speaker. Microsoft also announced partnerships with both Intel and HP, which should also lead to more apps and products with Cortana integration. For developers, Microsoft announced its Cognitive Service and Bot Framework, which work together to allow an AI bot, like Cortana, to learn from user interactions. This makes conversational AI bots more life-like, a feature demonstrated by the Invoke speaker. Mixed reality developments On day two's keynote, Microsoft and the creative team from Cirque de Soleil showcased the benefits of using HoloLens by creating a virtual stage, live. This also demonstrated the ability to collaborate via HoloLens, no matter where you are in the world. However, that's not what got people excited – the Motion Controllers for Mixed Reality platforms did. Finally, just like the HTC Vive, you'll have controllers that will allow you to interact with the mixed reality headsets offered by Microsoft and its partners. The Acer $299 and the HP $329 dev kits were also announced at the event, which for a limited time will come bundled with the motion controllers. No UK pricing, availability or individual pricing for the controllers was announced, though. Azure now works on mobile A feature that exited a few developers at the keynote was Azure's new mobile app, which will be available on iOS and Android. A Windows 10 UMP app is also in the works, which will let you keep an eye out for activities through your Azure dashboard while on the go. Azure IoT Edge is scalable and powerful In a live demo, Microsoft showcased the power of Azure IoT Edge, its cross-platform runtime. In the demonstration Microsoft put us in a construction scenario, with dangerous equipment and products on a construction site. Using connected security cameras with image recognition and inputted data sets, a manager is able to monitor people and tools on site. The real-time tracking and AI-based recognition completely transforms the environment by individually tagging each item, whether it's an object or a human. With 12 million organisations using Azure Active Directory, Microsoft is pushing for developers and companies to better its recognition capabilities and with 90% of the Fortune 500 on the Microsoft Cloud, I see this becoming a key tool for businesses. Azure Cosmos DB is out The service, previously known as DocumentDB, has received a healthy update. You'll now be able to visually see inputted values in a database, allowing you to quickly see a full reproduction of your data. Visual Studio is now on Mac Developers who code on Mac rejoice! Visual Studio for Mac means you'll be able to access Microsoft's Integrated Development Environment (IDE) on Apple's operating system. It will work on mobile, web, Unity and Azure. Of course, you'll need to be a developer to access this, but I presume most looking at getting Visual Studio will already have that certified badge. PowerPoint can now translate Following on from the unveiling of Skype Translator back in 2014, Microsoft has added a similar new feature to PowerPoint. With the help of AI, the presentation software can now translate your slides in real-time. Sure, it isn't flawless, but the room and myself were all impressed at how quickly and accurately it could translate spoken Spanish to written English. There are currently ten languages available, with more to come. See related  Microsoft’s Fall Creators Update: Windows 10’s next update Read more about Strategy Microsoft Build Microsoft Get the ITPro Newsletter Get FREE weekly newsletters from ITPro - delivering the latest news, reviews, insight and case studies. Click here Featured Whitepapers Latest in Strategy Driverless cars: Judge orders probe into Uber's alleged use of stolen tech News UK virtual reality firm Improbable raises $502 million News Google I/O 2017: What you need to know News Nvidia unveils Volta GPUs designed to power next-gen AI Pictures Snap share value drops 20% after its first earnings report News See all Popular Raspberry Pi: Top 23 projects to try yourself Mobile Raspberry Pi 4: Google announces partnership with Raspberry Pi Foundation Desktop Hardware Windows vs Linux: what's the best operating system? Operating Systems Don't like Windows 10? Here's how to uninstall it Operating Systems IT skills in 2017: here’s what to have on your CV Strategy Contact us Dennis Publishing Editorial Offices 30 Cleveland Street London, W1T 4JD T: +44 (0)20 7907 6000 Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Useful links Security Mobile Server Networking Cloud Strategy Public Sector Storage More Contact us About us Company Website Feeds Privacy Notice Authors Sitemap Our Websites Alphr Know Your Mobile Expert Reviews Channel Pro Cloud Pro © Copyright Dennis Publishing Limited. Under licence from Felix Dennis. Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquires Books Apps Your Online Choices
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ON Semiconductor Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ON Semiconductor Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News PJT Partners (PJT) Getting Positive Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Newpark Resources (NR) Receives Daily Media Impact Score of 0.21 Northwest Bancshares (NWBI) Earning Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Report Shows Nord Anglia Education (NORD) Getting Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Report Shows Everest Re Group (RE) Getting Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Report Shows ON Semiconductor Corp (ON) Receiving Favorable Media Coverage, Report Finds $126.86 Million in Sales Expected for World Acceptance Corp. (WRLD) This Quarter Zacks: Analysts Anticipate World Acceptance Corp. (WRLD) to Announce $2.02 EPS Brokerages Set Husky Energy Inc. (HSE) Price Target at $19.32 Brokerages Set Hannover Rueck SE (HVRRY) Target Price at $65.00 Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Likely to Affect Insteel Industries (IIIN) Stock Price PGT Innovations (PGTI) Given Daily News Impact Score of 0.26 Sapient Corp (SAPE) Receiving Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Study Shows Multi-Color (LABL) Earning Positive Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports NRG Energy (NRG) Getting Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Study Shows Lakeland Financial Co. (LKFN) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $41.87 Million Zacks: Analysts Expect Williams Companies Inc (WMB) Will Announce Earnings of $0.18 Per Share Brokerages Expect The Medicines Company (MDCO) to Post -$1.24 Earnings Per Share Frontier Communications Corp (FTR) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) Receiving Positive Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports ON Semiconductor Corp (ON) Receiving Favorable Media Coverage, Report Finds May 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News articles about ON Semiconductor Corp (NASDAQ:ON) have trended positive on Sunday, Alpha One Sentiment Analysis reports. The research firm, a service of Accern, rates the sentiment of press coverage by monitoring more than twenty million news and blog sources. Alpha One ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. ON Semiconductor Corp earned a news sentiment score of 0.28 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also gave media coverage about the semiconductor company an impact score of 0 out of 100, indicating that recent press coverage is extremely unlikely to have an impact on the company’s share price in the next few days. These are some of the news headlines that may have effected Alpha One’s scoring: ON Semiconductor Corp’s (ON) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at B. Riley (americanbankingnews.com) Current Movers: ON Semiconductor Corp. (ON), Nevro Corp. (NVRO) – AppsforPCdaily (appsforpcdaily.com) Relative Strength Alert For Semiconductor Manufacturing International (nasdaq.com) Intel, Samsung Gang Up on Qualcomm to Back FTC Monopoly Suit (1) (washpost.bloomberg.com) How These Semiconductor Stocks are Faring? — QuickLogic, Semtech, EMCORE, and Pixelworks (bizjournals.com) Several equities research analysts recently commented on the stock. B. Riley reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $18.00 price objective on shares of ON Semiconductor Corp in a research report on Sunday. Loop Capital reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $17.00 price objective on shares of ON Semiconductor Corp in a research report on Wednesday, February 15th. Robert W. Baird reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $21.00 price objective on shares of ON Semiconductor Corp in a research report on Monday, March 13th. Mizuho boosted their price objective on shares of ON Semiconductor Corp from $16.00 to $17.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 14th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated a “sell” rating and issued a $14.00 price objective on shares of ON Semiconductor Corp in a research report on Wednesday. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating, sixteen have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $15.71. Shares of ON Semiconductor Corp (NASDAQ:ON) traded down 0.40% on Friday, hitting $14.82. 3,608,300 shares of the stock traded hands. The stock has a market cap of $6.24 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 28.50 and a beta of 1.96. ON Semiconductor Corp has a one year low of $8.11 and a one year high of $16.06. The company’s 50 day moving average is $14.68 and its 200 day moving average is $13.64. In other news, EVP Robert A. Klosterboer sold 10,000 shares of ON Semiconductor Corp stock in a transaction dated Thursday, May 4th. The stock was sold at an average price of $14.04, for a total transaction of $140,400.00. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 334,320 shares in the company, valued at approximately $4,693,852.80. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. 1.60% of the stock is owned by insiders. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “ON Semiconductor Corp (ON) Receiving Favorable Media Coverage, Report Finds” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/14/on-semiconductor-corp-on-receiving-favorable-media-coverage-report-finds.html. ON Semiconductor Corp Company Profile ON Semiconductor Corporation offers a portfolio of sensors, power management, connectivity, custom and system on chip (SoC), analog, logic, timing, and discrete devices. The Company’s segments include Power Solutions Group, Analog Solutions Group and Image Sensor Group. The Power Solutions Group offers a range of discrete, module and integrated semiconductor products. Receive News & Ratings for ON Semiconductor Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ON Semiconductor Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home E-Edition Classifieds Stepsaver/Observers Citizens News Photo Reprints Contests Employment Dining About Us Advertising Newsroom History Forms Employment Privacy Terms of Use Contact Us Subscriptions Letters to the Editor Editorial and Opinion News Article News Tip Sports Department Website Issues Subscribe Activate Access Home Delivery Subscription Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Top Stories Advanced Search Calendar Weather Webcams Photo Reprints Lottery Contests Traffic Email Updates News Elections Local Election National Election Candidate Profiles Business Connecticut Local Morning 5 National New England Offbeat Today in History World Records Courts Inspections Police Bus Routes Sports The Zone UConn College Local sports MLB NBA NFL NHL Pro Sports Entertainment Arts Best Bets Movies Music Nightlife People Theater TV Lifestyle Wheels Horoscope Family Food Health Outdoors Technology Travel Tide Charts Social Moments Announcements Anniversaries Births Engagements Marriages Obits Opinion Editorials Syndicated Columnists Commentary Letters Your Page Columns Active Outdoors Beer Snob CT-Music Living Here Matter Of Laugh And Death Nature Off Stage Ride CT Sunday Reflections Blogs Gardening Off The Record Throwback Thursday Time Out What’s for Dinner Marketplace Place Ad Jobs Open Houses Legal Ads Dining Guide Coupons Newspaper Ads Special Sections Classifieds Announcements Employment Merchandise Pets & Animals Real Estate for Rent Real Estate for Sale Transportation – Autos Rec Vehicles Services Investment Self-driving cars’ biggest challenge May 14, 2017 - Business Towns: Greater Waterbury , Prospect CT - no comments By TOM KRISHER AP Auto Writer Associated Press In this 2016 photo, a self-driving Uber car stops at a red light on Liberty Avenue through the Bloomfield neighborhood of Pittsburgh. In just a few years, well-mannered self-driving robotaxis will share the roads with reckless, law-breaking human drivers. The prospect is causing migraines for the people developing the robocars and is slowing their development. But experts say eventually the cars will coexist with human drivers on real roads. In this April 27, 2017, photo, drivers cross a double-yellow line as they queue up for a left turn onto a freeway, near Ann Arbor, Mich. In just a few years, well-mannered self-driving robotaxis will share the roads with reckless, law-breaking human drivers. The prospect is causing migraines for the people developing the robocars and is slowing their development. But experts say eventually the cars will coexist with human drivers on real roads. (AP Photo/Tom Krisher) FILE – In this Tuesday, Dec. 13, 2016, file photo, an Uber driverless car waits in traffic during a test drive in San Francisco. In just a few years, well-mannered self-driving robotaxis will share the roads with reckless, law-breaking human drivers. The prospect is causing migraines for the people developing the robocars and is slowing their development. But experts say eventually the cars will coexist with human drivers on real roads. (AP Photo/Eric Risberg, File) DETROIT In just a few years, well-mannered self-driving robotaxis will share the roads with reckless, law-breaking human drivers. The prospect is causing migraines for the people developing the robotaxis. A self-driving car would be programmed to drive at the speed limit. Humans routinely exceed it by 10 to 15 mph – just try entering the New Jersey Turnpike at normal speed. Self-driving cars wouldn’t dare cross a double yellow line; humans do it all the time. And then there are those odd local traffic customs to which humans quickly adapt. In Los Angeles and other places, for instance, there’s the “California Stop,” where drivers roll through stop signs if no traffic is crossing. In Southwestern Pennsylvania, courteous drivers practice the “Pittsburgh Left,” where it’s customary to let one oncoming car turn left in front of them when a traffic light turns green. The same thing happens in Boston. During rush hours near Ann Arbor, Michigan, drivers regularly cross a double-yellow line to queue up for a left-turn onto a freeway. “There’s an endless list of these cases where we as humans know the context, we know when to bend the rules and when to break the rules,” says Raj Rajkumar, a computer engineering professor at Carnegie Mellon University who leads the school’s autonomous car research. Although autonomous cars are likely to carry passengers or cargo in limited areas during the next three to five years, experts say it will take many years before robotaxis can coexist with human-piloted vehicles on most side streets, boulevards and freeways. That’s because programmers have to figure out human behavior and local traffic idiosyncrasies. And teaching a car to use that knowledge will require massive amounts of data and big computing power that is prohibitively expensive at the moment. “Driverless cars are very rule-based, and they don’t understand social graces,” says Missy Cummings, director of Duke University’s Humans and Autonomy Lab. Driving customs and road conditions are dramatically different across the globe, with narrow, congested lanes in European cities, and anarchy in Beijing’s giant traffic jams. In India’s capital, New Delhi, luxury cars share poorly marked and congested lanes with bicycles, scooters, trucks, and even an occasional cow or elephant. Then there is the problem of aggressive humans who make dangerous moves such as cutting cars off on freeways or turning left in front of oncoming traffic. In India, for example, even when lanes are marked, drivers swing from lane to lane without hesitation. Already there have been isolated cases of human drivers pulling into the path of cars such as Teslas, knowing they will stop because they’re equipped with automatic emergency braking. “It’s hard to program in human stupidity or someone who really tries to game the technology,” says John Hanson, spokesman for Toyota’s autonomous car unit. Kathy Winter, vice president of automated driving solutions for Intel, is optimistic that the cars will be able to see and think like humans before 2030. Cars with sensors for driver-assist systems already are gathering data about road signs, lane lines and human driver behavior. Winter hopes auto and tech companies developing autonomous systems and cars will contribute this information to a giant database. Artificial intelligence developed by Intel and other companies eventually could access the data and make quick decisions similar to humans, Winter says. Programmers are optimistic that someday the cars will be able to handle even Beijing’s traffic. But the cost could be high, and it might be a decade or more before Chinese regulators deem self-driving cars reliable enough for widespread public use, says John Zeng of LMC Automotive Consulting. Intel’s Winter expects fully autonomous cars to collect, process and analyze four terabytes of data in 1 ½ hours of driving, which is the average amount a person spends in a car each day. That’s equal to storing over 1.2 million photos or 2,000 hours of movies. Such computing power now costs over $100,000 per vehicle, Zeng says. But that cost could fall as more cars are built. Someday autonomous cars will have common sense programmed in so they will cross a double-yellow line when warranted or to speed up and find a gap to enter a freeway. Carnegie Mellon has taught its cars to handle the “Pittsburgh Left” by waiting a full second or longer for an intersection to clear before proceeding at a green light. Sensors also track crossing traffic and can figure out if a driver is going to stop for a sign or red light. Eventually there will be vehicle-to-vehicle communication to avoid crashes. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Pinterest Reddit Tumblr More Skype LinkedIn Pocket Email Print Telegram Related Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. More articles from Business Businesses can give interns a chance to shine – or whine May 14, 2017 - Business - Tagged: Social media - no comments NEW YORK – Fresh face or long face? Which one you see on interns at small businesses may depend on whether the boss gives them a chance to shine or do only menial tasks. As business owners prepare to take… Read Post → Balancing Act: Is working late a necessity, or a habit? May 14, 2017 - Business - Tagged: Police - no comments It’s a challenge almost every worker faces: getting out the office door on time. Many get caught in an email trap, sticking around to send one more message and finding themselves still at the office an hour later. Others linger… Read Post → Ocwen Loan Servicing halted by state banking deptartment May 14, 2017 - Business - Tagged: Taxes - no comments HARTFORD – A company that manages mortgages for 21,000 Connecticut homeowners is in trouble with 25 states and facing a lawsuit by a consumer protection organization. Ocwen Loan Servicing, which is the nation’s second largest nonbank mortgage lender with 1.4… Read Post → Are you cheating on your gym membership? May 14, 2017 - Business - Tagged: Social media - no comments FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. – As upscale fitness boutiques are exploding in popularity, some of the nation’s largest big box gyms are opening small studios with high-end amenities, “it” trainers and specialized workouts that consumers can pay for on a class-by-class… Read Post → Area author publishes SEO tutorial May 14, 2017 - Business Towns: Bethlehem CT, Litchfield CT, Litchfield Hills - no comments BETHLEHEM – Jason Healey, who has become a nationally renowned master of steering web traffic to business clients, has released a book to teach what he practices to readers. “From Ranking to Revenue – A Business Owner’s Guide to Successful… Read Post → Hartford Yard Goats to attend Frontier store grand opening today May 12, 2017 - Business Towns: Greater Waterbury, Wolcott CT - 1 comment WOLCOTT – The Hartford Yard Goats minor league baseball team and their mascot – Chompers, will be at the grand opening of the newest Fronteir Premier Retail store today. The new store, at 464 Wolcott Road, features interactive technology demonstration… Read Post → Microsoft outlines plans for Windows 10 update May 12, 2017 - Business - no comments SEATTLE – Microsoft is trying to make its personal computer-bound operating system useful on the smartphone. The company announced Thursday at its Build developer conference in Seattle a set of coming updates to Windows 10. The updates will be packaged… Read Post → ‘Ransomware’ cyberattack cripples hospitals across England May 12, 2017 - Business - Tagged: Police, Social media - no comments LONDON – A large cyberattack crippled computer systems at hospitals across Britain on Friday, with appointments canceled, phone lines down and patients turned away. Britain’s National Health Service said hospitals were hit by an apparent “ransomware” attack, but there was… Read Post → Unfair labor practices charged at Volkswagen’s US plant May 12, 2017 - Business - Tagged: Republican Party - 4 comments NASHVILLE, Tenn. – The National Labor Relations Board has filed another unfair labor practices complaint against Volkswagen for hiking health insurance premiums and changing working hours of employees who voted for union representation at the German automaker’s only U.S. plant…. Read Post → US retail sales rebounded in April after sluggish winter May 12, 2017 - Business - no comments   WASHINGTON (AP) — Americans stepped up their spending at auto dealers, hardware stores and e-commerce outlets as retail sales rebounded from two sluggish months. The Commerce Department said Friday that retail sales increased 0.4 percent in April from March…. Read Post → ‹ Older posts Newspaper Ads Latest News Stolen beauty 3 hours ago Suspicious fire probed in Waterbury 3 hours ago Kid rapists defy profile 4 hours ago I-84 to be closed overnight this week for bridge work 4 hours ago Man arrested in Torrington; 41 bags of heroin in his pocket 4 hours ago CategoriesCategories Select Category _Posts Announcements    Anniversaries    Births    Engagements    Marriages    Reunions Blogs    City Beat    Gardening    Off The Record    Pickin’ on Life    Throwback Thursday    What’s for Dinner Campership Cartoon Columns    Active Outdoors    Beer Snob    CT-Music    Living Here    Matter Of Laugh And Death    Nature    Off Stage    Ride CT    Sunday Reflections Community enter_Arts enter-music Entertainment    Arts    Best Bets    Movies    Music    Nightlife    People    Theater    TV Featured Gallery    Auto Racing Photo Gallery    College Sports    Graduations    Local Sports Photos    NASA Image of the day    News Gallery    Reader Photos    Social Moments    Top Sports Horoscope Lifestyle    Family    Food    Health    Home    Outdoors    Technology    Travel    Wheels News    Business    Connecticut    Elections       Candidate Profiles       Election Videos       Local Election       National Election          US Senate and House       State Elections    Local    Morning 5    National    New England    News Videos    Offbeat    Today in History    World Obituaries Opinion    Commentary    Editorials    Letters    Syndicated Columnists    Worth Reading    Your Page Records    Courts    Inspections    Police Special    Honor rolls Sports    Athlete of the Week    Auto Racing    College    Goalzone    Golf    High School       Gymnastics    Hoopzone    Latest on The Zone    Local Sports       Local Sports Videos    MLB    NBA    NFL    NHL    Olympics    Pro Sports    Redzone    Soccer    Sports featured    Sports Gallery    Sports Videos    Strikezone    Sunday Six    The Zone test    UConn       Football       Men’s Basketball       The coaches       The Streak       UConn video       UCWBB Best Ever       Women’s Basketball Top Stories Valedictorians    Valedictorians 2016 Videos Polls Should the state bring back highway tolls? Yes, let the users pay for the highways. No, it's just another tax. Doesn't matter, it won't help the budget for years. I don't know. I don't care. I don't drive. View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive Reader Comments richd238 on Is Trump drowning in the swamp? raycity222 on Whalers’ return? philthy on Is Trump drowning in the swamp? philthy on Is Trump drowning in the swamp? philthy on Is Trump drowning in the swamp? Towns Barkhamsted Beacon Falls Bethlehem Bridgewater Burlington Canaan Cheshire Colebrook Cornwall Falls Village Goshen Harwinton Kent Litchfield Middlebury Morris Naugatuck New Hartford Norfolk Oxford Plymouth Prospect Roxbury Salisbury Seymour Sharon Southbury Thomaston Torrington Warren Waterbury Watertown Winsted Wolcott Woodbury Lottery Powerball for 05/13/2017 17-20-32-63-68 PB-19Next Drawing: Wed. May. 17Next Jackpot: $204.0 Million; Est. Cash Value: $124.9 Mega Millions for 05/12/2017 28-34-41-42-47 MB-13 MP-4Next Drawing: Tue. May. 16Next Jackpot: $36.0 Million; Est. Cash Value: $21.8 Lotto! for 05/12/2017 08-09-19-25-26-27Next Drawing: Tue. May. 16Next Jackpot: $2.1 Million; Est. Cash Value: $1,711,000 Lucky for Life for 05/11/2017 05-14-17-31-32 LB-05Next Drawing: Mon. May. 15 Cash5 for 05/14/2017 03-12-15-18-25 Upcoming Events May 15 Mon 1:00 pm AARP Smart Driver Course @ Howard Whittemore Memorial Library AARP Smart Driver Course @ Howard Whittemore Memorial Library May 15 @ 1:00 pm – 5:00 pm The AARP Smart Driver™ Course is the nation’s first and largest refresher course for drivers age 50 and older. It has given millions of drivers the skills and tools they need to drive safely on today’s roads, allowing them to... 1:00 pm Computer/Device Help for Older A... @ Howard Whittemore Memorial Library Computer/Device Help for Older A... @ Howard Whittemore Memorial Library May 15 @ 1:00 pm – 6:00 pm Are you having trouble mastering computers, laptops, e-mail, Facebook, online job applications, or a device like an iPad or Android? We’re a proud recipient of a grant from the Connecticut Community Foundation’s Lifelong Libraries Pathways Initiative. Syed Arshad, a seasoned... 6:00 pm Torrington Historic Preservation... @ Torrington Historic Preservation Trust Torrington Historic Preservation... @ Torrington Historic Preservation Trust May 15 @ 6:00 pm Historic preservation awards will be given to Raymond and Mary Ann Harrigan for the stewardship of their home at 216 Benham St., and to Jon Jensen and James Meehan for preserving and improving the Batters Building at 187 Church St. May 16 Tue 8:00 am Office Hours with Senator Hartle... @ Monteiro's Office Hours with Senator Hartle... @ Monteiro's May 16 @ 8:00 am State Senator Joan Hartley (D-Waterbury) and State Representative Anthony D’Amelio (R-Waterbury) have announced that they will hold an office hours meeting on Tuesday, May 16th in Waterbury. The meeting will take place from 8:00 – 10:00 a.m. at Monteiro’s, located... 8:00 am Office Hours with Senator Hartle... @ Monteiro's Office Hours with Senator Hartle... @ Monteiro's May 16 @ 8:00 am – 10:00 am State Senator Joan Hartley (D-Waterbury) and State Representative Anthony D’Amelio (R-Waterbury) have announced that they will hold an office hours meeting on Tuesday, May 16th in Waterbury. The meeting will take place from 8:00 – 10:00 a.m. at Monteiro’s, located... View Calendar Add Add to Timely Calendar Add to Google Add to Outlook Add to Apple Calendar Add to other calendar Export to XML Featured Ads More Featured Ads Comments Popular Today Week Month All Health care is a transcendent human right Is Trump drowning in the swamp? Here's to mom Vacant building fire deemed 'suspicious' Actress' Twitter account yields an unpleasant surprise Today Week Month All Katherine A. Berman A year marked by blood Harry Davis Finley IV Police probe Thursday crash that sent two to hospital Linda M. Hubbard Featured Ads Featured Coupons Sign up for Email Updates Email Updates Top Stories Town News Lifestyle News Daily News Update Entertainment News The Zone Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Republican American 389 Meadow St Waterbury CT 06712 203 574-3636 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out10:01 GMT +315 May 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm World In Focus Fault Lines Photo Video Infographics Live Search Erdogan Wants to Change Trump’s Mind on Arming Kurds, But Will it Work? © AP Photo/ Emrah Gurel Military & Intelligence 02:02 15.05.2017(updated 07:35 15.05.2017) Get short URL 679828 Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan will travel to Washington DC on May 16 in an attempt to change US President Donald Trump’s mind about arming the Pentagon’s most effective allies on the ground in Syria and Iraq. Erdogan, flush with new executive powers following a recent referendum in the country granting him expanded authority, will arrive in Washington on May 16 to meet with embattled US President Donald Trump, and arming the Kurds will be at the top of the agenda. © REUTERS/ Murat Cetinmuhurdar/Presidential Palace Tensions to Increase in Turkey After Erdogan Referendum Victory - US Intel Chief Erdogan wants Trump do an about-face on providing weapons to a highly disciplined group of Kurdish fighters, seen by Washington as integral to assisting the US-led coalition in fighting Daesh in Syria and Iraq. "This will be the dominant issue in the meeting," according to James Jeffrey, a former US ambassador to Turkey, cited by The Hill. The Kurdish fighters, known as YPG, are considered by Erdogan and his administration to be terrorists, due primarily to the group's refutation of the Turkish president's increasingly authoritarian rule, and the Kurds' own desire to create an autonomous state. "The Turks see the presence of a YPG statelet in the north of Syria that has been given one way or another support or legitimacy by the United States as a threat," Jeffrey added. Placing the defeat of Daesh before all other foreign policy concerns in the region, Trump and the Pentagon have now opted to give weapons to the YPG, and Erdogan, on a sudden visit to plead with Trump to reverse the order, may well have a tough time making a convincing argument. As reported by The Hill, Senate Foreign Relations Committee member Ben Cardin (D-MD), claimed that there are "no other options" than to ally with the Kurds and provide them with cutting-edge US weaponry, as they are "our most effective fighters." Cardin also claimed that Turkey is "very important to us in our campaign [against Daesh]." He cautioned, however, that Erdogan and his administration have "done things that made our mission more difficult," referring to a recent widespread crackdown on human rights in Turkey in the wake of a failed coup, as well as Washington's refusal to immediately extradite a former Erdogan political ally accused of staging the upheaval. But many foreign policy experts see the arming of the YPG by the US as a done deal. "This story was written in 2015," said Aaron Stein, a senior fellow at the Atlantic Council's Rafik Hariri Center for the Middle East, according to The Hill. "The US should not have intervened in Syria to begin with," Stein affirmed, "but this is a natural outcome of that intervention." ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 28 Related: US Arms Supply to Kurds to Accelerate Daesh Defeat, Liberation of Raqqa - SDF How Pentagon's Decision to Send Weapons to Kurds Will Affect Syria Trump Approves US Plan to Arm Syrian Kurds Over Turkish Objection - Pentagon Tags: fear-mongering, weapons, arms, armed conflict, Atlantic Council, Daesh, coalition, Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG), NATO, Ben Cardin, Donald Trump, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Syria, Iraq, United States, Turkey, Kurdistan, Washington DC TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All commentsShow more comments (20) Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 09:36About 50 States Interested in Cooperating With EAEU – Putin 09:19Rosneft Supports Proposals to Extend Oil Production Cut Deal - CEO 09:01Putin Approves Russian Economic Security Strategy Until 2030 06:58Novak Sees No Reasons for Oil Output Cut Deal Members to Quit Agreement 06:46Saudi Energy Minister to Attend St. Petersburg International Economic ForumAll news He Who Laughs Last, Laughs Best: Russia Ended Up Getting Mistral Tech for Free 20054 Black Sea: Russian Fighter Greets US Spy Plane So Hard That It Scurries Away 14149 Why Russia’s Kh-35 Anti-Ship Missile is Setting Off Alarms in the Pentagon 11492 North Korean Problem: Washington Sees No Options 'Apart From Starting a War' 11420 This Is What Scares Israel’s Army Far More Than Missile Attacks 10791All news Chinese Government Appears Bewildered at Australian Accusations of Spying 36 How Gorbachev Destroyed the USSR's Military Space Program, & What It Cost Russia 25 Top Think Tank Once Predicting 'Russia's Collapse' Now Freaked Over Its Vitality 23 US-Backed Syrian Democratic Forces, Kurds Embark on Decisive Assault on Raqqa 21 North Korean Problem: Washington Sees No Options 'Apart From Starting a War' 18All news Recommended Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics China Welcomes World Leaders at 'One Belt, One Road' Gala Dinner Full Disclosure Russia's Black Sea Fleet, More Than Two Centuries on Duty News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: nwitimes.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $14.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Now! Products Customer Service Calendar Home News Crime News Latest Updates Lake County News Porter County News LaPorte County News State and Regional News South Suburban News National News World News Government and Politics History E-Edition Sports NWI Preps Columnists Business Northwest Indiana Business Headlines Jobs and Employment Transportation News Healthcare News Business Columnists Opinion Letters to the Editor NWI.com Blogs Editorials Forum Columnists Entertainment Comics Games Horoscopes Northwest Indiana Calendar People Lifestyles Inspired Living Health & Fitness Food and Cooking Home and Garden Celebrations Photos Buy Photos Obituaries Area Deaths/Tributes Cars Jobs Homes For Sale Ads Rental Ads Rental Showcase Classifieds Buy Local Deals Coupons Newspaper Ads Buy Photos Business Directory Weekly Ads Contact Us Customer Service Toggle navigation Menu Search Subscribe Now! Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Sports Business Photos Obits Classifieds Close AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar, File A self-driving Uber car stops at a red light on Liberty Avenue in the Bloomfield neighborhood of Pittsburgh. In just a few years, well-mannered self-driving robotaxis will share the roads with reckless, law-breaking human drivers.  AP urgent The toughest challenge for self-driving cars? Human drivers Tom Krisher AP Auto Writer 11 hrs ago AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar, File A self-driving Uber car stops at a red light on Liberty Avenue in the Bloomfield neighborhood of Pittsburgh. In just a few years, well-mannered self-driving robotaxis will share the roads with reckless, law-breaking human drivers.  DETROIT — In just a few years, well-mannered self-driving robotaxis will share the roads with reckless, law-breaking human drivers. The prospect is causing migraines for the people developing the robotaxis. A self-driving car would be programmed to drive at the speed limit. Humans routinely exceed it by 10 to 15 mph (16 to 24 kph) — just try entering the New Jersey Turnpike at normal speed. Self-driving cars wouldn't dare cross a double yellow line; humans do it all the time. And then there are those odd local traffic customs to which humans quickly adapt. In Los Angeles and other places, for instance, there's the "California Stop," where drivers roll through stop signs if no traffic is crossing. In Southwestern Pennsylvania, courteous drivers practice the "Pittsburgh Left," where it's customary to let one oncoming car turn left in front of them when a traffic light turns green. The same thing happens in Boston. During rush hours near Ann Arbor, Michigan, drivers regularly cross a double-yellow line to queue up for a left-turn onto a freeway. "There's an endless list of these cases where we as humans know the context, we know when to bend the rules and when to break the rules," says Raj Rajkumar, a computer engineering professor at Carnegie Mellon University who leads the school's autonomous car research. Although autonomous cars are likely to carry passengers or cargo in limited areas during the next three to five years, experts say it will take many years before robotaxis can coexist with human-piloted vehicles on most side streets, boulevards and freeways. That's because programmers have to figure out human behavior and local traffic idiosyncrasies. And teaching a car to use that knowledge will require massive amounts of data and big computing power that is prohibitively expensive at the moment. "Driverless cars are very rule-based, and they don't understand social graces," says Missy Cummings, director of Duke University's Humans and Autonomy Lab. Driving customs and road conditions are dramatically different across the globe, with narrow, congested lanes in European cities, and anarchy in Beijing's giant traffic jams. In India's capital, New Delhi, luxury cars share poorly marked and congested lanes with bicycles, scooters, trucks, and even an occasional cow or elephant. Then there is the problem of aggressive humans who make dangerous moves such as cutting cars off on freeways or turning left in front of oncoming traffic. In India, for example, even when lanes are marked, drivers swing from lane to lane without hesitation. Already there have been isolated cases of human drivers pulling into the path of cars such as Teslas, knowing they will stop because they're equipped with automatic emergency braking. "It's hard to program in human stupidity or someone who really tries to game the technology," says John Hanson, spokesman for Toyota's autonomous car unit. Kathy Winter, vice president of automated driving solutions for Intel, is optimistic that the cars will be able to see and think like humans before 2030. Cars with sensors for driver-assist systems already are gathering data about road signs, lane lines and human driver behavior. Winter hopes auto and tech companies developing autonomous systems and cars will contribute this information to a giant database. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Artificial intelligence developed by Intel and other companies eventually could access the data and make quick decisions similar to humans, Winter says. Programmers are optimistic that someday the cars will be able to handle even Beijing's traffic. But the cost could be high, and it might be a decade or more before Chinese regulators deem self-driving cars reliable enough for widespread public use, says John Zeng of LMC Automotive Consulting. Intel's Winter expects fully autonomous cars to collect, process and analyze four terabytes of data in 1½ hours of driving, which is the average amount a person spends in a car each day. That's equal to storing over 1.2 million photos or 2,000 hours of movies. Such computing power now costs over $100,000 per vehicle, Zeng says. But that cost could fall as more cars are built. Someday autonomous cars will have common sense programmed in so they will cross a double-yellow line when warranted or to speed up and find a gap to enter a freeway. Carnegie Mellon has taught its cars to handle the "Pittsburgh Left" by waiting a full second or longer for an intersection to clear before proceeding at a green light. Sensors also track crossing traffic and can figure out if a driver is going to stop for a sign or red light. Eventually there will be vehicle-to-vehicle communication to avoid crashes. Still, some skeptics say computerized cars will never be able to think exactly like humans. "You'll never be able to make up a person's ability to perceive what's the right move at the time, I don't think," says New Jersey State Police Sgt. Ed Long, who works in the traffic and public safety office. Allen G. Breed in Raleigh, North Carolina; Joe McDonald in Beijing; Nirmala George in New Delhi; and Michael Liedtke in San Francisco contributed to this report. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 +4 New auto technology wows consumers, manufacturers Technology will captivate attendees of the 2017 Chicago Auto Show, through Feb. 20. Manufact… Tags Autonomous Cars Self-driving Car Tell us what you think Will you travel for Mother's Day? You voted: Yes, locally Yes, within the state Yes, to another state No Undecided Vote View Results Back $99 for 18 Holes at 11 Different Courses with the purchase of Golf Cart rental a $399.00 value VALUE: $399 DISCOUNT: 75% PRICE: $99 View Deal Currents Autos What are the 10 most fuel-efficient SUVs? +4 Lifestyles What's new in bridal trends? Black accents, all-over beading, spectacular shoes 219 Which dog breeds live the longest? Bregman, Astros tee off Tanaka for 10-7 win, DH split Yanks' Chapman to miss at least month with shoulder injury Dubrovnik Vacation Travel Guide | Expedia Rockies' Senzatela gets emotional win year after mom's death Find local businesses View local offers Local Businesses Calumet College Of St Joseph 2400 New York Ave, Whiting, IN 46394 Albert's Diamond Jewelers 711 Main St, Schererville, IN 46375 Ads SENIOR CARE INSURANCE 7998 BROADWAY, MERRILLVILLE, IN 46410 RITTENHOUSE SENIOR LIVING 1300 VALE PARK ROAD, VALPARAISO, IN 46383 Business Directory Latest Local Offers Allstate - Elaine Morris New homeowner? Call Elaine Morris with Allstate for more information on homeowners insurance today. Call today at 219-928-0135 May 4, 2017 Re'new Home Center 50% OFF Kitchen and Bath Cabinets at Re'New Home Center! Click here for details May 4, 2017 Ryan Spangler- State Farm Auto. Home. Life. State Farm is #1 in Customer Satisfaction. FREE GIFT CARD with a quote from Ryan Spangler - State Farm! May 4, 2017 Forest Ridge Family Dentistry Let Forest Ridge Family Dentistry Give you The Smile You've Been Waiting For! 219-756-2345 May 4, 2017 E-edition Inspired Living Get Healthy Your Family Featured Sections Best of the Region Buy Local Deals Regional Crime Report CrimeTimes Northwest Indiana Calendar Online Features Contact The Times About Us Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Send a News Tip Newspapers In Education Donation Request Work At The Times RSS Feeds E-newsletter Sign-Up © Copyright 2017 NWI Times, 601 W. 45th Ave. Munster, IN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Skip to main content area Sign up for our daily newsletter Newsletter Close Sign me up Toggle menus Toggle search Main menu Security Mobile Server Networking Cloud Strategy Public Sector Storage More Desktop Hardware Desktop Software Laptops Alphr Cloud Pro Channel Pro Search Search Sections News Reviews In-depth App Business travel Innovation at Work Leadership Whitepapers You are here: Home Desktop Hardware Workstations Reviews Lenovo ThinkStation P910 review Lenovo ThinkStation P910 review A huge system in every way, with dual Xeons and the fasted professional graphics currently available Share twitter linkedin facebook google+ email James Morris Reviews 14 May, 2017 5 Price  £10,208 exc VAT Pros  Second-fastest PC we've ever tested; Insanely capable specifications; Easy-access case; Cons  Very expensive Verdict  This is a blue chip product for a blue chip price, but nobody got fired for buying IBM, even a decade after its PC hardware division was bought by Lenovo. The Lenovo ThinkStation P910 may be twice the price of most other workstations on the market, but it's also in a different league when it comes to performance. That's due to a dual-socket motherboard, twin Xeon processors and the most expensive graphics card currently available - the latter alone is responsible for nearly half the cost. While most workstations are integrated into high quality but generic chassis, Lenovo is big enough to design its own entirely bespoke cases. And what a job it's done: you can remove almost every component by just pulling the correct combination of clips or levers. The M.2 storage caddies unclip and slide out, and even the PCI Express adapter cards and fans can be released in this way, albeit with some care and dexterity. Lenovo equipped our review samples with a pair of high-end Intel Xeon E5-2687W v4 processors. It's an understatement to say that these are highly capable CPUs: they have a whopping 12 cores apiece, each running at a nominal 3GHz with a top 3.5GHz Turbo mode. For good measure, there's Hyper-Threading too. This will be a phenomenal platform for CPU-intensive tasks such as rendering, but it's still great for modelling. Lenovo has partnered its twin processors with a hefty 128GB of 2.4GHz DDR4 SDRAM. Should you ever need more, there are eight DIMM slots free for upgrades to a maximum of 1TB. The core specification is decidedly no nonsense, but this is matched by the graphics provision: enter the Nvidia Quadro P6000. This hugely powerful card costs around £4,400 exc VAT. A direct replacement for the Quadro M6000, the P6000 includes 24GB of GDDR5X memory, which translates into a bandwidth leap from 317GB/sec to 432GB/sec. Even more impressive is the huge jump in CUDA cores from 3,072 to 3,840. That's well over twice as many as a Quadro M4000. The storage provision on our review sample is more a showcase of what's possible than what you might specify for everyday usage. Our P910 came with a princely total of eight drives - four PCI Express NVMe M.2 SSDs and four 7,200rpm SATA hard disks. The former are all 512GB Samsung SM951 units, which have been superseded by the SM961. The latter are 4TB Hitachi Ultrastar 7K4000 drives. Both choices are a little slower than the very best, but when the SM951 manages reading at 2.4GB/sec and writing at 1.47GB/sec we're certainly not going to complain. Especially when there's a wealth of possibilities for performance RAID configurations to improve things, with 18TB of capacity to call upon. With two processors and the fastest graphics around, unsurprisingly, the P910 came top of most of our tests. Its Maxon Cinebench R15 rendering result of 3,776 is more than twice what many of this month's systems managed. Only the OpenGL score of 148 was a curious aberration. And thanks to the immense video encoding and multi-tasking potential of the 24 cores, the P910 cruised to the second fastest score we've ever seen in the IT Pro benchmarks. Its OctaneBench 3.04 and LuxMark 3.1 scores were also way ahead, showing the potency of the P6000 for GPU rendering whether with CUDA or OpenCL. Furthermore, the SPECviewperf 12.1 scores were mostly way ahead of the P5000-based systems, although not in every viewset. It's difficult to judge the P910 against most of its competition, because it's so different in price and uncompromising specification. It may be expensive, but not really any more than you would expect for the amount of hardware included. Moreover, you have to admire the tool-free chassis design, which would streamline upgrade and technical support. This is a blue chip product for a blue chip price, but nobody got fired for buying IBM, even a decade after its PC hardware division was bought by Lenovo. See related  Scan 3XS GW-HT20 review Lenovo ThinkStation E31 review Armari IG24T This review was originally published in PC Pro issue 270. Read more about Workstations enterprise Get the ITPro Newsletter Get FREE weekly newsletters from ITPro - delivering the latest news, reviews, insight and case studies. Click here Featured Whitepapers Latest in Workstations Dell Precision 5520 review Reviews 4 AMD Ryzen 7 1800X review: Intel's got competition again Reviews 4 InterPro IPW-SL review Reviews 5 Chillblast Fusion Render OC M4000 review Reviews 4 Global PC shipments decline for fifth year running, says Gartner News See all Popular Raspberry Pi: Top 23 projects to try yourself Mobile Raspberry Pi 4: Google announces partnership with Raspberry Pi Foundation Desktop Hardware Windows vs Linux: what's the best operating system? Operating Systems Don't like Windows 10? Here's how to uninstall it Operating Systems IT skills in 2017: here’s what to have on your CV Strategy Contact us Dennis Publishing Editorial Offices 30 Cleveland Street London, W1T 4JD T: +44 (0)20 7907 6000 Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Useful links Security Mobile Server Networking Cloud Strategy Public Sector Storage More Contact us About us Company Website Feeds Privacy Notice Authors Sitemap Our Websites Alphr Know Your Mobile Expert Reviews Channel Pro Cloud Pro © Copyright Dennis Publishing Limited. Under licence from Felix Dennis. Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquires Books Apps Your Online Choices
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance QUALCOMM Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for QUALCOMM Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Red Hat (RHT) Getting Somewhat Negative Media Coverage, Report Finds QUALCOMM (QCOM) Earning Somewhat Critical Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Delek US Holdings (DK) Given News Impact Score of -0.12 Transocean LTD (RIG) Receiving Somewhat Critical Media Coverage, Report Shows SemGroup Corp (SEMG) Earning Somewhat Negative Media Coverage, Study Shows Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co (HPE) Position Cut by Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Zacks: Neenah Paper, Inc. (NP) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Zacks: Analysts Set $16.00 Price Target for Ampco-Pittsburgh Corp (AP) -$0.12 EPS Expected for Insulet Co. (PODD) This Quarter Innophos Holdings, Inc. (IPHS) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.52 Per Share Brokerages Set AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc (MITT) Target Price at $18.25 Prologis Inc (PLD) Stake Cut by First Trust Advisors LP Tesla Inc (TSLA) Shares Bought by First Trust Advisors LP Empire Life Investments Inc. Has $36.495 Million Stake in Cardinal Health Inc (CAH) Signature Bank (SBNY) Position Raised by State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $12.239 Million Position in Hanesbrands Inc. (HBI) Southwest Airlines Co (LUV) Shares Bought by First Trust Advisors LP WEC Energy Group (WEC) Earns Media Impact Rating of 0.38 Bel Fuse, Inc. (BELFB) Stake Decreased by LSV Asset Management Sanderson Farms, Inc. (SAFM) Shares Sold by Chicago Equity Partners LLC QUALCOMM (QCOM) Earning Somewhat Critical Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports May 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Media coverage about QUALCOMM (NASDAQ:QCOM) has been trending somewhat negative this week, according to AlphaOne Sentiment. The research firm, a subsidiary of Accern, scores the sentiment of media coverage by reviewing more than 20 million news and blog sources in real-time. AlphaOne ranks coverage of companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. QUALCOMM earned a news sentiment score of -0.12 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also gave media headlines about the wireless technology company an impact score of 82 out of 100, meaning that recent media coverage is very likely to have an impact on the company’s share price in the immediate future. Here are some of the news stories that may have impacted AlphaOne’s rankings: Intel, Samsung gang up on Qualcomm – Seeking Alpha (seekingalpha.com) Qualcomm Is On The Rise – Seeking Alpha (seekingalpha.com) QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) EVP Donald J. Rosenberg Sells 10,701 Shares (americanbankingnews.com) The 3 Key Risks Qualcomm, Inc. (QCOM) Stock Is Facing – Investorplace.com (investorplace.com) Activist investor Loeb exits Apple stake, buys into Snap and HPE: Filing (finance.yahoo.com) Several analysts have issued reports on QCOM shares. Sanford C. Bernstein restated a “market perform” rating and issued a $80.00 target price on shares of QUALCOMM in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Morgan Stanley restated an “equal weight” rating on shares of QUALCOMM in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. Brean Capital restated a “hold” rating on shares of QUALCOMM in a report on Thursday, January 26th. Zacks Investment Research cut QUALCOMM from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Wednesday, April 5th. Finally, Canaccord Genuity restated a “buy” rating and issued a $76.00 target price on shares of QUALCOMM in a report on Tuesday, February 7th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seventeen have given a hold rating, fourteen have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $63.66. QUALCOMM (NASDAQ:QCOM) traded up 1.17% on Friday, hitting $55.32. The stock had a trading volume of 9,107,629 shares. The company’s 50 day moving average is $54.82 and its 200 day moving average is $60.42. The firm has a market cap of $81.73 billion, a PE ratio of 18.43 and a beta of 1.31. QUALCOMM has a 12-month low of $50.84 and a 12-month high of $71.62. QUALCOMM (NASDAQ:QCOM) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, April 19th. The wireless technology company reported $1.34 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.05 by $0.29. QUALCOMM had a return on equity of 20.25% and a net margin of 20.56%. The firm had revenue of $5.99 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $5.86 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $1.04 earnings per share. QUALCOMM’s revenue for the quarter was up 8.1% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts expect that QUALCOMM will post $4.23 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, June 21st. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, May 31st will be paid a dividend of $0.57 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Friday, May 26th. This represents a $2.28 annualized dividend and a yield of 4.12%. This is a boost from QUALCOMM’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.53. QUALCOMM’s dividend payout ratio is presently 64.63%. In other QUALCOMM news, EVP James H. Thompson sold 25,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, April 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $52.53, for a total transaction of $1,313,250.00. Following the sale, the executive vice president now owns 76,246 shares in the company, valued at $4,005,202.38. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, Director Ann M. Livermore acquired 9,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, May 11th. The shares were purchased at an average price of $54.59 per share, for a total transaction of $491,310.00. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Corporate insiders own 0.24% of the company’s stock. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/14/qualcomm-qcom-earning-somewhat-critical-press-coverage-alphaone-reports.html. QUALCOMM Company Profile QUALCOMM Incorporated is engaged in the development and commercialization of a digital communication technology called code division multiple access (CDMA). The Company is engaged in the development and commercialization of the orthogonal frequency division multiple access (OFDMA) family of technologies, including long-term evolution (LTE), which is an Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiplexing (OFDM)-based standard that uses OFDMA and single-carrier Frequency Division Multiple Access (FDMA), for cellular wireless communication applications. Receive News & Ratings for QUALCOMM Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for QUALCOMM Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News All Local News Off-Island Gazette West Island Gazette Montreal @ the moment Quebec National World Opinion All Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters Aislin and Pascal editorial cartoons Sports All Sports Hockey Inside/Out Hockey Hockey Inside/Out All Hockey Montreal Canadiens NHL World Juniors Football All Football Montreal Alouettes CFL NFL Soccer All Soccer Montreal Impact MLS Baseball Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Tennis Golf Auto Racing Business All Business FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Energy Local Business All Local Business Aerospace Personal Finance Real Estate Retail Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Tech-Biz Arts Local Arts All Arts Showbiz Chez Nous Montreal movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Montreal theatre Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Food All Food Recipes Local Food Reviews Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Diet & Fitness Homes All Homes Buying and Selling Condos Decorating Renovating Gardening Vacation Homes Parenting Relationships Travel Royals Careers All Careers Find Jobs Post Jobs Obits Classifieds All Classifieds FlyerCity Shopping Announcements Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Driving Subscribe News Local News Off-Island Gazette West Island Gazette Montreal @ the moment |Featured: Expo 67 Quebec flood watch Corruption in Montreal Hockey Inside/Out Montreal's 375th | More Open Search Close Search Search Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Advertise Opinion Gallery of the latest Aislin, Boris and Gigot cartoons Sports Jack Todd: Why doesn't NHL protect game's greatest ambassador? Life Mother's Day: Life lessons, courtesy of mom Local News Flood-weary moms in Terrasse-Vaudreuil receive a rose on Mother's Day Local News Squeaky Wheels: Highway in Beaconsfield doesn't qualify for street lights 5 / 5 Here comes the war for commercial drone dominance Bloomberg News More from Bloomberg News Published on: May 14, 2017 | Last Updated: May 14, 2017 11:23 AM EDT Share Adjust Comment Print By Justin Bachman At some point in the not-too-distant future, fleets of commercial drones are expected to swarm across American skies. Companies in a wide range of industries will employ unmanned vehicles for tactical advantage-inspecting infrastructure, surveying crops, maybe even estimating how much your new roof will cost. And when these drones fly, a torrent of data will follow them like an invisible contrail. “Data is the new oil,” Intel Corp. Chief Executive Officer Brian Krzanich said week at the Association for Unmanned Vehicle Systems International’s annual Xponential conference in Dallas, the industry’s top trade show. He cited a growing competitive “separation” between companies that collect and understand their data and those that don’t. A single autonomous car can generate the same data trove as 3,000 people surfing the internet, while a small drone fleet could easily create 150 terabytes of data per day, he said (1,000 gigabytes equals 1 terabyte). “The data rate is going to explode on us in the next few years,” Krzanich said. But how to handle that wide open fire hose of information? “Operation of an unmanned system is no longer a stand-alone activity,” Lockheed Martin Corp. proclaims in its promotional materials for its Hydra Fusion Tools software. “There [is] an assortment of maps, images, video, and intelligence which are being broadcast to the operators and this needs to be fused into a common operational picture.” This proposition, unsurprisingly, is leading to an array of new business models aimed at helping companies sift through and exploit the mountains of information headed their way. Into this universe comes Airbus, the European aerospace conglomerate. Airbus is starting a new data company, called Airbus Aerial, to provide an array of unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV) services, a field the company estimates could increase to more than $120 billion annually as the use of these fleets expands, said Dirk Hoke, CEO of Airbus’s defense and space group. Hoke introduced the new company at Xponential. The proliferation of commercial drones won’t be so much about getting your pizza or new shirt faster-although there is that consideration-but a broader change in how companies employ aerial surveillance and data to inform their businesses, spurred by efficiency and new U.S. rules allowing commercial unmanned systems to operate at farther distances, autonomously. A diverse array of companies, ranging from insurers and utilities to real estate and energy, are likely to shift some of their operations to UAV. Some of the work now done by helicopters could be replaced at lower cost. Insurers, for example, are finding aerial surveillance to be a good method for assessing claims after tornadoes and hurricanes and to help understand risks in their underwriting activities. Airbus Aerial aims to compile high-altitude data from a fleet of eight Airbus satellites and drones, blending it into an intelligence service for agriculture, insurance, oil and gas, utilities, and state and local governments. Aerial will be based in Germany, near Munich, with U.S. offices in Atlanta. The company sees 2017 as a way to explore the market, testing the business with “a small, select group of customers” to determine how clients will value Aerial’s services, said Jana Rosenmann, Airbus senior vice president of unmanned aerial systems. Airbus will fly third-party drones for its clients but will also explore building its own hardware, she said. “The initial business is not relying on Airbus having its own drone today,” Rosenmann said in a telephone interview. The company already operates high-altitude solar-powered UAVs, dubbed Zephyr, which has stayed aloft for as long as 14 days. Airbus calls Zephyr “a high-altitude pseudo satellite” due to its high cruising level of up to 70,000 feet. Most customers will have a specific need for the services of companies like Aerial and won’t care how the information is acquired, be it by drone, satellite, or other means, said Jesse Kallman, who will lead the Airbus unit’s U.S. operations. “A drone is really just a truck that you stick a sensor on,” he said. “We will use whatever hardware makes the most sense.” Aerial pricing is likely to be tailored to a specific market or customer, Kallman said, ranging from recurring subscriptions to one-off jobs. To date, one of the major impediments to commercial drone flying has been the lack of federal rules, which are now pending at the Federal Aviation Administration. The regulations sort out operational guidelines to integrate UAVs safely into existing air traffic. Although slow to get these rules squared away, the American UAV service market may mature more quickly than in Europe, owing to the U.S. having only a single regulatory body, Hoke said. Yet as soon as these new commercial operations take flight, those who employ them will be grappling with “the whole info-glut problem,” said Nazlin Kanji, a program director at AeroVironment Inc., a Simi Valley, Calif.-based defense contractor that builds drones and analytics software for military and civilian use. “It’s an interesting challenge because the amount of data that drones generate is huge-we’re talking petabytes and petabytes of data,” she said (1,000 terabytes equals 1 petabyte). “It really becomes that big data problem everybody keeps talking about but no one really knows how to address.” The field of drone services has already begun seeing consolidation among smaller players, with much of the business focused on courting large companies and recurring revenue streams, said Jon Damush, vice president of commercial at Insitu, a Boeing Co. subsidiary that builds and flies drones. Over time, given the cost of contracting with a drone service, some of the larger drone data users-such as miners and pipeline operators-might decide to buy their own drones and software. “When you become a certain size on the expense line, somebody’s going to notice,” Damush said. But Kanji counters that there’s room “for a lot of different vendors,” from companies that offer just data storage to others that may sell analysis, data collection, or a combination. Some of these data wranglers focus on software, offering drone users the ability to create detailed interfaces for the data that UAVs emit. Others, such as Insitu, focus on drone reconnaissance and data analysis for railroads, large mining companies in Australia, and pipeline operators. That’s the larger-scale end of the business, leaving many smaller players eager to exploit common drone necessities among many industries. “One thing we’ve found is that with agriculture, utilities, railroads, and construction, a lot of them have very similar needs,” Kanji said, citing one example: “All of them worry about vegetation.” Meram's hat trick gives Crew 3-2 win over Impact Schukov: Rethinking flooding preparedness in face of global warming Video Connect With Us Email Alerts Get the latest news in your mailbox as it happens Most Popular Local News Local News Quebec flooding: Work begins to restore buildings and lives Local News Flood-weary moms in Terrasse-Vaudreuil receive a rose on Mother's Day Local News Jewelry heist at The Bay in Pointe-Claire's Fairview mall Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Traffic Classified Stories, pictures and tributes to life. View and place obituaries, and more. Share the joy. Tell the world. Read and place announcements here. The faster, fresher and greener way to shop flyers. Find the job you want in your city. View and place job listings, and more. × Share Here comes the war for commercial drone dominance Email Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google+ Linkedin News All News Local News Quebec National World Opinion All Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters Aislin and Pascal editorial cartoons Sports All Sports Hockey Inside/Out Hockey Football Soccer Baseball Basketball Tennis Golf Auto Racing Business All Business FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Energy Local Business Technology Arts Local Arts All Arts Showbiz Chez Nous Montreal movies Television Montreal theatre Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Food Health Diet & Fitness Homes Parenting Relationships Travel Royals © 2017 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Driving Obits Announcements FlyerCity Shopping Careers Browse Listings Place a Classified Ad Legal Privacy Terms Copyright & Permissions Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Manage Newsletters Contests Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Windsor Star Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your Market account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Market to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password. 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We didn't recognize the password reset code. Please enter your email below below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Market is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ
검색 Politics Social Affairs Foreign Affairs Defense North Korea Sharing Science Diplomatic Circuit Education Environment Economy Finance Industry Technology Automode Management Culture Travel Fashion Food & Beverage Books People Expat Living Design Health Film Television Music Arts Hallyu Soccer Baseball Golf More Sports World News World Business Asia News Network Editorial Viewpoints Voice Household debt rise highlights Moon‘s policy pledge for relief The Korea Herald > Business > Industry [Moon in Office] M&As to be encouraged to boost startups   Published : 2017-05-14 16:17 Updated : 2017-05-14 17:37 The Korea Herald is publishing a series of articles delving into the economic policies and tasks expected of the new Moon Jae-in administration. This is the fourth installment -- Ed. President Moon Jae-in is expected to encourage mergers and acquisitions, deregulate Internet of Things-related laws and abolish joint surety to boost startups. There has been consensus among experts here that more decent jobs should be created from startups and small and medium-sized businesses to reduce excessive dependency on conglomerates dominating the gross domestic product in creating jobs and conjuring up new growth engines. “The M&A market must be activated like that in the US. That would be the way for large companies to pay a proper price in buying startups, and for the startup companies to use the money to continue making new ideas,” Moon had said during an economic forum last month. He was seemingly referring to cases of Silicon Valley tech giants, such as Facebook, Google, Apple and Intel, paying hefty sums to buy small startups. Industry watchers expect the Korea Fair Trade Commission to be overhauled under the new administration, as Moon earlier had said he would expand its investigation authority to correct unfair business practices by large companies. “In Korea, large companies don’t need to spend hefty sums of money because they can simply take startup’s technologies. Infringement of patents is relatively well tolerated here compared to the US, where hefty fines are imposed on such unfair practices by corporate watchdogs,” Park Tae-geun, public relations chief of the Korea Venture Business Association, told The Korea Herald.  (Yonhap) Apart from M&A, experts have also been calling for deregulation of public data, which most startups need to provide new services based on artificial intelligence and big data technologies. “Despite the growing potential of data use among startups, a lot of the data -- financial, education and health care -- are unable to be put on cloud servers by law under the pretext of security reasons,” said Lee Min-hwa, a professor at KAIST Business College and chairman of the Korea Creative Economy Research Network. Lee said such strict laws make it difficult for startups -- mostly online firms -- to create new services. In Korea, data traffic on cloud environment out of total data traffic is 1.4 percent compared to the OECD average of 86 percent, Lee said citing the data by Cisco Systems and telecom operator KT. Shin Sang-yeol, a chief of Ministry of Science, ICT and Future Planning’s software promotion division, pointed out, “Lee’s views on deregulation of cloud-related policies are generally right. Still, the general perception of personal information protection is too conservative in Korea to open all the public data radically.” Apart from the technology-related laws, financial deregulation on startups are also expected to be made under Moon. During his presidential campaign, Moon had pledged that he would completely abolish joint surety. Joint surety system refers to a unique policy in Korea placing the blame of company bankruptcy on its chief regardless of causes of the failures. As a result, failed CEOs often end up with huge debts. Moon earlier had said, “In Silicon Valley, there is no case a company makes a success on the first attempt. They usually make a success after one or two failres. An eco-system should be made for an entrepreneur to make a new attempt even after failures.” Last year, the government allowed its guarantee funds, including Korea Credit Guarantee Fund and Korea Technology Finance Corporation, not to require joint surety for companies established less than five years. The range of the companies is expected to be expanded under Moon’s administration. “The abolition of joint surety has so far been opposed by financial authorities on the grounds of moral hazard. However, further abolition is expected under the new administration because the measure has made many failed entrepreneurs delinquent borrowers who are given no second chance,” said Lee Won-seob, Korea Federation of SMEs’ policy division.  By Shin Ji-hye (shinjh@heraldcorp.com) 영어뉴스를 통한 ListeningㆍReading 실력 향상 단기 학습 프로그램 [NEST] 1. Household debt rise highligh... 2. India rises as lucrative mar... 3. Moon names special envoys, a... 4. S. Korean, Japanese defense ... 5. Few women at top levels of p... 6. Moon orders shutdown of old ... 7. LG Chem spurs China business... 8. Experts say NK missile test ... 9. Finance Ministry preparing f... 10. Taeyeon mesmerizes fans at ... 1. Moon Jae-in urges stern resp... 2. After horrendous 2016, right... 3. Korea greets first-ever ‘fi... 4. Ransomware strikes Korean th... 5. NK says its new ballistic mi... 6. Anti-graft law causes confus... 7. Changes of conscription ter... 8. Screen out pledges 9. China hosts Silk Road summi... 10. BTS tops brand reputation ch... THE HERALD BUSINESS THE KOREA HERALD THE JUNIOR HERALD THE HERALD BUSINESS(USA) HERALD EDU HERALD ARCADEMY SEOUL/BUSAN/MOKPO/GEOJE ENGLISH VILLAGES DIGITAL HERALD HERALD ARTDAY HERALD ECOCHEM Herald Corporation | 주소: Huam-ro 4-gil 10, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, Korea | 제호: The Korea Herald | Online newspaper registration number: Seoul 아03711 Date of registration: 2015.04.28 | Publisher. Editor: Kwon Chung Won | Juvenile Protection Manager: Shin Chang Hoon | Tel : 02)727-0114
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews GoPro Karma Drone: Australian Hands On GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Impossible Project I-1 Polaroid Camera: The Gizmodo Review Car Reviews This Motorcycle Sold Me On Electric Dirt Bikes Six Hours In An Aston Martin DB11 BMW i3 REx: Australian Review Volvo S90: Australian Review Phone Reviews Samsung DeX: The Gizmodo Review BlackBerry KeyOne: The Gizmodo Review Samsung Galaxy S8: The Gizmodo Review Samsung Galaxy S8: Australian Review PC Reviews Synology RT2600ac: Australian Review Oree's Essential Keyboard Is A Beautiful, Expensive Wooden Treasure AMD Radeon RX 550: The Gizmodo Review Intel's Optane Memory Could Make Cheap Computers Fast Again Smartwatch Reviews Fitbit Alta HR: The Gizmodo Review Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review The Pebble 2 Is Now The Only Fitness Tracking Smartwatch You Need Gadgets Reviews Hulu Live TV Is The Best Streaming TV Service Yet, But It Needs Some Work UrbanEars Should Stick To Headphones, Because Its Wi-Fi Speakers Are Garbage The Coolest Smart Home Innovations In 2017 Inspirational Tech From The Sydney Home Show Gaming Reviews Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Entertainment Reviews Turns Out King Arthur: Legend Of The Sword Is A Lot Better Than Anyone Expected The Magic In Sleight Makes Up For An Otherwise Familiar Tale Alien: Covenant: The Gizmodo Review Prevenge Delivers A Great Horror Story About The Terror Of Impending Motherhood Samsung DeX: The Gizmodo Review Metabox Alpha N850HK: Australian Review Turns Out King Arthur: Legend Of The Sword Is A Lot Better Than Anyone Expected The Magic In Sleight Makes Up For An Otherwise Familiar Tale Smart Home & Gadgets Robots Are Replacing Auto Workers In China Now Too Crunching The Numbers On The Tesla Solar Roof We Don't Need Broadcast TV Any More The US Government Fears Another Explosion Of The Ransomware Plague It Helped Create Mobile How To Install Lightweight Versions Of Your Favourite Apps Study Shows Heavy Facebook Users Have Less Grey Matter Snapchat Debuts New Disappearing Stock Price Amaysim Has A 70GB $80 Plan Now Car Tech BMW Doesn't Know What To Call Its New Toyota Supra-Based Roadster Yet Chris Harris Thinks Porsche Spoiled The New Boxster By Making It Better Renault And Nissan Plants Hit By Massive Ransomware Attack Heartbroken Kid Got To Meet Kimi Raikkonen After His Wreck Brought Him To Tears Online Save Your IT Job From The Robots By Studying Online Facebook Scams Are At A Record High Hackers Behind Massive Ransomware Attack Have Made An Embarrassingly Small Amount Of Money Global Ransomware Attack 'Accidentally' Halted But It's Probably Not Over Science & Health North Korea Just Had Its Most Successful Missile Launch Yet Painkillers Are A Hell Of A Drug If We Live Another Billion Years, A Lot Of Crazy Shit Is Going To Happen We're Ignoring Women Astronauts' Health At Our Peril Cameras So A Lion Found A GoPro It Took Three Years To Film This Spectacular Timelapse Of Hundreds Of Blooming Flowers Deals: How To Become A Professional Photographer In 30 Hours Aussie Photographer's Salt Landscapes Are The Definition Of Otherworldly Beauty Computing Some HP Laptops Came With A Keylogger Pre-Installed Deals: Become An Android Dev For Real With This Training Bundle Microsoft's Apps Problem Has Never Been More Dire Huge Trove Of Confidential US Medical Records Discovered On Unsecured Server Accessible To Anyone Gaming Deals: A PS4 Pro And Horizon Zero Dawn For Under $500 New Board Game The Captain Is Dead Is All About Surviving A Sci-Fi Horror Scenario Russian Blogger Sentenced To 3.5 Years In Prison For Playing Pokémon Go in Church You Can Watch A Starcraft II Match On Your Next Emirates Flight Entertainment New Poster Gives A First-ish Look At Okja's Titular Creature All The Marvel Cinematic Universe's Post Credits Scenes, Ranked Netflix Is Testing A Price Hike On Weekends Reminder: George R. R. Martin Is Probably Never Going To Finish A Song Of Ice And Fire Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Smart Home & Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment We Don't Need Broadcast TV Any More Netflix Is Testing A Price Hike On Weekends Deals: Become An Android Dev For Real With This Training Bundle Reminder: George R. R. Martin Is Probably Never Going To Finish A Song Of Ice And Fire Metabox Alpha N850HK: Australian Review Logan Booker May 14, 2017, 2:00pm ⋅ Filed to:  Australian Stories laptop and tablet reviews metabox reviews Share Image: Metabox A few years ago, I made the prediction that 2015 would be the year of the gaming laptop. Turns out, I was a bit early... but not by much. With the release of NVIDIA's GeForce 10 series, the company's mobile GPUs flaunt near-desktop levels of performance. Which makes buying a notebook in 2017 an exciting proposition. But how best to spend those valuable dollars while satisfying your gaming urges? Metabox's Alpha N850HK could be the answer. What Is It? Metabox's Alpha series represents the builder's more affordable range of notebooks. In terms of specifications however, they are in no way slouches. 15.6" and 17.3" units are available, all packing Intel's i7-7700HQ processor. The quad-core chip is close to the top-end of laptop CPUs. Where the main differentiation comes is the graphics. Depending on the model you go with, you'll get a GTX 1050 or 1050 Ti. The chips are comparable — 640MHz/1354MHz core and memory clocks versus 768MHz/1493MHz for the Ti. Both have a 128-bit bus. But the Ti has a little extra under the hood — 48 texture units and 32 render output units, up from the 1050's 40 and 16. For this review, we'll be looking at the N850HK, which comes with the 1050 Ti. Because Metabox allows you to customise almost everything about the build, here are the particulars of our configuration: 15.6" FHD 1920x1080 IPS WVA Matte 60Hz LED NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050 Ti 4GB Intel Core i7-7700HQ Processor (up to 3.8GHz) 16GB DDR4 2400MHZ SK Hynix SC308 512GB SATA3 SSD Intel 3168 AC Dual Band Wi-Fi 378 x 267 x 26.9mm (WDH) 2.3kg (with battery) This level of customisation means the price can vary a lot. At the time of writing, going with the minimal build (no OS or hard drive), you'll be out $1349. The cheapest drive, a 128GB Intel SSD, brings this to $1449, while tossing in Windows 10 raises the total to $1594. Keep in mind that Metabox (and resellers) tend to have deals going at various times, so you can save a hundred bucks or so by timing your purchase. In terms of the design, the chassis is solid plastic, sturdy and low-fuss. The lid is tightly sealed — you'll need to hold the base down before cracking it open, lest you flip the thing. It's totally black, except for self-lit keyboard, grey Metabox logos and the gleam of copper through the cooling vents. Speaking of vents, there's three — a bottom intake and two outtakes positioned in the back-left and right sides. If you enjoy having a warm mouse hand, this is the notebook for you. At 2.3kg it's no ultrabook and sits on the borderline of being too weighty as an all-day backpack carry. But, given the hardware inside, it's a reasonable compromise. Finally, it comes with plenty of ports: 1x USB 2.0 3x USB 3.0 (1x Type C, 2x Type A) 1x HDMI 2x Mini DisplayPort 1.2 1x headphone jack 1x microphone jack 1x RJ-45 1Gb/s LAN There's also a six-in-one card reader (MMC, RSMMC, SD, miniSD, SDHC, SDXC) for all your photo and tiny storage needs. What's It Good At? Image: Metabox As a budget gaming notebook, the N850HK excels. You'll be hard-pressed finding a cheaper notebook with the same specifications and build quality outside of ridiculous discounts and second-hand gear. The i7 chip slays every game you throw at it, leaving the 1050 Ti as the deciding factor. We tested with two benchmarks — The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt and 3DMark's Fire Strike. Because the former doesn't come with a benchmark mode, the game was played for a fixed period at each quality setting, starting with the game's first fight and riding to the next cinematic. Post-processing quality was left at "High". All benchmarks were conducted at the display's native resolution of 1920 x 1080 (click the images for larger versions). Image: Supplied Image: Supplied As you can see, if you blindly go Ultra and cross your fingers, you're going to be disappointed. Still, I was impressed that the game wasn't a slideshow at those settings. I wouldn't call it smooth, but it was definitely playable, if you prefer eye-candy over frames. Once you get to medium details, thing are more acceptable. It's important to keep in mind that The Witcher 3 is at the top-end. If almost any other game is your bag, the 1050 Ti will be able to handle it at high settings. When it can't a few strategic tweaks will almost certainly make things buttery smooth. What's It Not Good At? If you just want to play games at ultra levels, then the N850HK won't satisfy. You'll want a notebook with the 1060 at a minimum. The screen isn't the best going around, if you go for the 1920 x 1080 option. At over 15 inches, the discerning eye can pick up the subtle grid pattern of the display (I've been spoiled for years by the glorious screen of ASUS' UX32VD). Once anything of substance is happening though, it's almost impossible to notice. A 4K panel is an option for ~$350. Battery life also wasn't flash. Idling with the screen always on, the unit lasted three hours and 27 minutes. Under heavy load (FurMark's stress test) it managed 40 minutes, so don't expect to play demanding games for long unplugged. In terms of temperatures, the unit happily idled at 42°C / 46°C for the CPU and GPU respectively at 20°C ambient. Under load running Prime95 and FurMark, these hit 97°C and 77°C respectively. Unsurprisingly, the CPU's throttling logic was triggered, which brought the core down to 90°C for the rest of the test. Consider these numbers the upper limits. Normal use, even playing a demanding game, would never make the hardware this hot and the N850HK's cooling system is more than adequate for the hardware. Should You Buy It? The 1050 Ti can't quite take the crown as a bang-for-your-buck miracle... but it's close enough. If you're the sort of gamer that doesn't want to stuff around with optimal graphics settings, then you should turn your eyes to Metabox's 1060-equipped offerings, which start with its Prime range. The issue here is you're going to need to spend a couple of hundred extra dollars for the privilege. The 1060 Prime starts at $1799 — and that doesn't include an operating system. That said, if you have an extra $200-$300 to spend, it's worth paying for the 1060's grunt. All up, the Alpha N850HK is a fantastic balance of portability, power and price. Sure, a 1060 would be nice, but the 1050 Ti keeps the notebook in the ~$1500 bracket, which for a lot of people is the upper spending limit when it comes to notebooks. For the cost, the N850HK is about as good as it gets. Comments alwaystooupbeat @alwaystooupbeat May 14, 2017, 3:24pm "The 1050 Ti can't quite take the crown as a bang-for-your-buck miracle... but it's close enough." I have this same exact laptop, and I disagree. For 1300, there is literally no other laptop easily purchased on the Aussie market that has the SSD, the 1080 screen, the powerhouse graphic card (kinda), and processor to match. Compare that to Dell's almost identically spec'd rival: https://www.jbhifi.com.au/computers-tablets/laptops/dell-gaming/dell-inspiron-15-7000-15-6-gaming-laptop/329913/ With much poorer build quality, and costs about 500 more. Or maybe ASUS: https://www.jbhifi.com.au/computers-tablets/laptops/asus/asus-zenbook-ux510ux-dm197t-15-6-notebook/331384/ 200 more, but weaker graphic card and lower storage. Or HP: https://www.jbhifi.com.au/computers-tablets/laptops/hp/hp-omen-15-ax236tx-15-6-gaming-laptop/330178/ 200 more again, with lower SSD that matters. Or Acer: https://www.jbhifi.com.au/computers-tablets/laptops/acer-nitro/acer-aspire-v-nitro-vn7-593g-71lq-15-6-notebook/446720/ Costs about 100 more, but smaller SSD No laptop on offer matches the price or customizability, and I can't see any other laptop that reaches this price point with no other caveats. Reply 0 OzHuski Guest May 14, 2017, 9:32pm Checked out a few of their options. Overall they are quite affordable! Not as customisable as I liked though. Sadly, most of the features I considered a "need" weren't in a single laptop until I was willing to spend over $2400.. otherwise I could get 2 out of 3 in most laptops around $1900-$2100. Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Telstra Is Refunding 8000 Customers Sold 'Unattainable' NBN Speeds Rae Johnston 14 May 2017 6:30 AM Telstra has sold thousands of NBN plans offering speeds that were impossible to deliver on, the telco has admitted. Developers Of The MP3 Have Officially Killed It Rhett Jones 15 May 2017 9:00 AM MP3, the digital audio coding format, changed the way we listen to music and drove the adoption of countless new devices over the last couple of decades. And now, it's dead. The developer of the format announced this week that it has officially terminated its licensing program. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Become An Android Dev For Real With This Training Bundle Deals: Protect Your Privacy Anywhere In The World With This VPN Deals: Grow Your Programming Skills With This Massive Course Bundle Deals: Because Every Job Can Benefit From Project Management Training Trending Articles 1 Telstra Is Refunding 8000 Customers Sold 'Unattainable' NBN Speeds 2 Developers Of The MP3 Have Officially Killed It 3 Crunching The Numbers On The Tesla Solar Roof Robots Are Replacing Auto Workers In China Now Too Some HP Laptops Came With A Keylogger Pre-Installed New Poster Gives A First-ish Look At Okja's Titular Creature Chris Harris Thinks Porsche Spoiled The New Boxster By Making It Better Get Alan Wake Before It Disappears Marvel's Cancelling Black Panther & The Crew, One Of Its Most Important Comics Right Now Metabox Alpha's N850HK: Plenty Of Bang, Not Much Buck Report: Nintendo's Making A Mobile Zelda Game Is It Legal To Drive With Headphones On? Why Giant Ice Cubes Are The Only Cubes Your Home Bar Needs IBM's Advice For Hiring Managers How To Permanently Delete Files Off Your Hard Drive [Infographic] The ANZ Bank says the new levy will mean lower shareholder returns Labour MPs quietly believe the party will lose 120 seats in the general election Brits are going to get much poorer this year AUSTRALIAN STOCKS GO NOWHERE: Here's what you need to know © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman High Performance Data Analytics Market to 2025 Forecast & Future Industry Trends |The Insight Partners Latest market study on “High Performance Data Analytics Market to 2025 – Global Analysis and Forecasts by Type, Deployment Type and Industry Verticals”, the report include key understanding on the driving factors of this growth and also highlights the prominent players in the market and their developments. Browse market data tables and in-depth TOC of the High Performance Data Analytics Market to 2025 @ www.theinsightpartners.com/reports/high-performance-data-… Increasing requirement of processing time critical and complex data analytics workloads and the growth in the data intensive simulation demands are few of the major factors that are propelling the demand for high performance data analytics solutions. Banking and Financial industry and healthcare industry are one the foremost industry verticals that are experience high uptake and need for high performance data analytics solutions The report aims to provide an overview of Global High Performance Data Analytics Market along with detailed segmentation of market by type, deployment type and industry vertical and five major geographical regions. Global High Performance Data Analytics market is expected to witness high growth during the forecast period due to increasing requirement of processing time critical and complex data analytics workloads. Request Sample Copy @ www.theinsightpartners.com/sample/TIPTE100000261 The objectives of High Performance Data Analytics Market report are as follows: • To provide overview of the global High Performance Data Analytics market • To analyze and forecast the global High Performance Data Analytics market on the basis of type, deployment type and industry verticals • To provide market size and forecast till 2025 for overall High Performance Data Analytics market with respect to five major regions, namely; North America, Europe, Asia Pacific (APAC), Middle East and Africa (MEA), and South America (SAM), which are later sub-segmented across respective major countries • To evaluate market dynamics effecting the market during the forecast period i.e., drivers, restraints, opportunities, and future trend • To provide exhaustive PEST analysis for all five regions • To profiles key High Performance Data Analytics players influencing the market along with their SWOT analysis and market strategies Inquire about discount on this report @ www.theinsightpartners.com/discount/TIPTE100000261 Segmentations Covered in the High Performance Data Analytics Market • Types: Hardware, Software, Services • Deployment Type: Cloud Deployment type1, On-Premise Deployment, Hybrid Deployment • Vertical: Telecom and IT, BFSI, Healthcare and Life Sciences, Retail and Consumer Goods, Others • Geographical Analysis: North America, Europe, Asia Pacific (APAC), Middle East & Africa (MEA), South America (SAM) Some of the leading players in High Performance Data Analytics Market Report • Extreme Networks • Ryft, Dell Inc. • Cisco Inc. • IBM Corporation • Juniper Networks • Intel Corporation • Oracle Corporation • Microsoft Corporation • Hewlett-Packard Enterprise among others Why Buy High Performance Data Analytics Market Report? • Highlights widely used product offerings thereby allowing organizations to gain revenues by focusing majorly on select products • The key findings and recommendations highlight crucial progressive industry trends in the High Performance Data Analytics market, thereby allowing players across the value chain to develop effective long term strategies • Get reliable information about the strategies manufacturers in this market use to drive revenue • Gain insights into the competitive landscape, to strengthen market competitiveness and positioning • Highlights key business priorities in order to assist companies to realign their business strategies • Develop/modify business expansion plans by using substantial growth offering developed and emerging markets • Scrutinize in-depth global market trends and outlook coupled with the factors driving the market, as well as the those hindering it • Enhance the decision-making process by understanding the strategies that underpin commercial interest with respect to client products, segmentation, pricing and distribution • Examine the current and future impact of the five forces namely: bargaining power of suppliers, bargaining power of buyers, threat of substitutes, threat of new entrants and degree of competition Access Full Report @ www.theinsightpartners.com/buy/TIPTE100000261 About The Insight Partners: The Insight Partners is a one stop industry research provider of actionable intelligence. We help our clients in getting solutions to their research requirements through our syndicated and consulting research services. We are a specialist in Technology, Media, and Telecommunication industries. Contact Us: Call: +1-646-491-9876 Email: sales@theinsightpartners.com 505, 6th floor, Amanora Township, Amanora Chambers, East Block, Kharadi Road, Hadapsar, Pune-411028 This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsMedia & Telecommunications Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Telecom Expense Management Industry Research Report 2025 – Analysis and Future Trends |The Insight Partners Next PostNext Data Center Physical Security Market Research Report 2025 -Market Size and Forecast |The Insight Partners Search Recent Posts Smart Learning Systems Global Market Size, Share, Demand, Growth, Opportunities, Analysis of Top Key Player and Forecast to 2022 Real estate market sustainable by design not accident Global Rugby Balls Market 2017 Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Data Center Physical Security Market Research Report 2025 -Market Size and Forecast |The Insight Partners High Performance Data Analytics Market to 2025 Forecast & Future Industry Trends |The Insight Partners RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  Atomic  »  News Valve makes it easier to watch 360-degree videos on the Vive by Zach Marzouk  |  Monday 15 May 2017  | Comment Now Valve has released a beta version of the new player which can be used now. Valve has made it easier for users to watch immersive videos on their VR headsets by releasing a beta version of Steam 360 Video Player.The video player allows for instant playback of VR movies and other linear VR shorts and shows including The Hunger Games 360, Lego Batman and (for the braver players) Alien Covenant in Utero. The player uses Pixvana SPIN Studio technology to stream in virtual reality and this means there is no need to launch a separate application which is what users had to do before. As it is in beta, Steam have launched a community hub for questions and discussions of the player.Valve says that in the minimum specifications for 360 video playback are basically the same for the Virtual Reality HMD. The general specifics are Windows 10, an Intel i5-4590, AMD FX 8350 equivalent or better processor and 50 MB available space. Head to the FAQ page to see the full specification. READ NEXT: Hands-on Preview: OSVR There are four different types of 360 videos on Steam. There is Mono, where the video was captured from a single position in space meaning there is no sense of depth during video playback. Stereo is where the video was captured from two positions and each eye in the VR will see a slightly different image, providing depth and distance in the video. The third type is Equirectangular which captures and playbacks a 360 view in a rectangular photo frame. Lastly, there is FOVAS (Field of View Adaptive Streaming) which is where only the content needed is presented in front of the user's eyes in order to make the most of a reduced network bandwidth. The rest of the 360 view is lower quality and as the user moves their head, different areas are loaded. Related Articles The HTC Vive just got $US100 cheaper - and a lot better GST will soon be added to the cost of games on Steam Valve CEO is "pretty comfortable" with VR headsets failing HTC Vive Tracker lets you bring any real-world object into VR HTC Vive's wireless TPCast peripheral gets a release date Source: Copyright © ITPro, Dennis Publishing See more about:  360degree videos  |  valve  |  vive   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   More in Atomic (1 of 10 articles) NEWS Zotec gets wet with new GeForce GTX 1080 Ti With ArcticStorm Waterblock << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (2 of 10 articles) NEWS Is Intel about to unleash a new range of Core i9 processors? << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (3 of 10 articles) NEWS Valve makes it easier to watch 360-degree videos on the Vive << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (4 of 10 articles) NEWS Nvidia unveils Volta GPUs designed to power next-gen AI << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (5 of 10 articles) NEWS CheckPoint wants your help to create a webseries about mental health and gaming << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (6 of 10 articles) FEATURE Hands-on Preview: OSVR << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (7 of 10 articles) NEWS Upgrade Australia 5.0, in Melbourne, was a BLAST << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (8 of 10 articles) NEWS Asus doubles down with two new mini-ITX Strix gaming motherboards << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (9 of 10 articles) FEATURE The Gaming Edge: Gigabyte and Aorus << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (10 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Samsung CF791 curved monitor << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest in Atomic News Zotec gets wet with new GeForce GTX 1080 Ti With ArcticStorm Waterblock Review Review: Samsung CF791 curved monitor Feature Hands-on Preview: OSVR Group Test Group Test: X99 Motherboards shift into top gear Gallery Intel Extreme Masters' Expo show floor From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero Scammers target Origin Energy customers 6 cloud accounting systems for Australian small businesses compared: MYOB, QuickBooks, Reckon, Saasu, Sage and Xero How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Partners and customers gather to HP's first Australian partner conference Dell Technologies sets aside $554 million for terminations Ingram Micro, Dell EMC win big at APC by Schneider Electric awards Victorian reseller Centre Com pays $450k to Microsoft after selling Windows pirated software Master agents split from Fuji Xerox Australia after decades Govt to introduce legislation for broadband tax Telstra admits thousands of NBN users were shafted on speeds Telstra hit by Parklea exchange fire Immigration reveals massive ten-year IT shake-up Microsoft releases WannaCrypt patch for Windows XP, Server 2003 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege Prey is an addictive modern-day masterpiece Review: For Honor 18 pro tips from the Rainbow Six Siege world cup About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2017 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google How to install & run Google Assistant on your Mac or PC desktop [Video] Trending in Google Best Android smartwatches you can buy [May 2017] Trending in Google Best Android phones you can buy [May 2017] Trending in Google Review: The BlackBerry Keyone is a step back in time that I really want to love [Video] Trending in Google Review: Acer Chromebook 11 N7 is a rugged, affordable laptop for students [Video] Trending in Google These are the smart home products I’m using with Google Home Yesterday GOOG: 932.22 1.62 Samsung Chromebook Pro now available for pre-order from Amazon Justin Duino - May. 14th 2017 7:04 pm PT @jaduino Samsung Chrome OS Samsung Chromebook Pro View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit At CES 2017 back in January, we got our first look at the Samsung Chromebook Plus and Pro. Powered by higher specs than the average budget Chromebook, these two premium devices were made to run full Android applications on top of Chrome OS. After a bit of a delay, Samsung has posted the Chromebook Pro on Amazon for pre-order… UAG Samsung Galaxy S8 Cases First spotted by Chrome Unboxed, the more powerful of the two Samsung Chromebooks might finally make its way to consumers. Just like its lesser-specced brother, the Pro sports a 12.3-inch, 2400×1600 pixel display, 4GB of RAM, 32GB of built-in storage, and support for Samsung’s built-in stylus. What sets it apart, though, is a more powerful Intel Core m3 processor and a black finish. The main reason for the Chromebook Pro’s delayed is most likely due to the sub-par Android application experience. In our review of the Plus, we noted that the Chromebook had performance issues when running Android applications. As the Pro is basically supposed to be the flagship Chromebook on the market, it would make sense for it to be delayed while Google perfects the user experience. You can pre-order the Samsung Chromebook Pro right now from Amazon for $550 and have it shipped to you near the end of May. The Pro’s Amazon listing shows a release date of May 28th but without any official word from Samsung, we do not know when exactly the Chromebook Pro will be available. Justin Duino @jaduino I’m a writer for 9to5Google with a background in IT and Android development. Follow me on Twitter to read my ramblings about tech and email me at justin@jaduino.com. Tips are always welcome. Favorite Gear Jaybird Freedom Headphones Acessorz USB-C Dock Logitech MX Master Mouse Guides Samsung View THe Guide Chrome OS View THe Guide Samsung Chromebook Pro View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health MACH Tech Science BETTER Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Ebola Virus Outbreak Amtrak Crash TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 College Game Plan Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Politics White House Congress Justice Department National Security First Read Politics May 12 2017, 3:58 pm ET Is Trump Taping Conversations in the Oval Office? Sean Spicer Won’t Say by Ali Vitali Share Share Tweet Comment Email Print advertisement The White House did not deny on Friday that President Donald Trump taped meetings with his former FBI director — or that the president may be recording conversations in the Oval Office. James Comey better hope that there are no "tapes" of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 12, 2017 "The president has nothing further to add on that," White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said at the daily briefing when asked several times by reporters about the president's tweet Friday morning referring to "tapes" of Comey. Trump had tweeted, "James Comey better hope that there are no 'tapes' of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!" Play Facebook Twitter Embed Watch: Spicer Dodges Questions on Trump 'Tapes' 1:00 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/942616131584" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Spicer also pushed back on characterizations about the nature of the tweet saying it was "not a threat." "He's simply stated a fact," Spicer said. "The tweet speaks for itself. I'm moving on." Reporters also peppered Spicer with questions about whether Trump was recording in the Oval Office and Spicer responded that he had nothing further to say. Democrats criticized Trump's comments with some requesting a copy of the recordings. Democratic Reps. Elijah Cummings and John Conyers of the Judiciary and Government Oversight committees sent a letter to White House Counsel Don McGahn on Friday requesting copies of all White House recordings related to the Comey matter. The letter also sought "all documents, memoranda, analyses, emails, and other communications relating to the President decision to dismiss Director Comey." Rep. Adam Schiff, D-California, tweeted "Mr. President, if there are "tapes" relevant to the Comey firing, it's because you made them and they should be provided to Congress." Trump's latest tweet alluding to the possibility of recordings further added to the heightened drama of the past two days as the White House tries to do damage control on the messaging surrounding Comey's firing. During an exclusive interview Thursday with NBC News' Lester Holt, Trump said he'd previously planned to fire the FBI director — which conflicted with what staffers and surrogates previously told the media about Comey's surprise ouster. Play Facebook Twitter Embed Pres. Trump Lashes Out At Comey in Morning Tweetstorm 2:21 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/942838851557" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Comey will not appear, as previously scheduled, at a Senate Intelligence Committee hearing on Tuesday. Senate Intel Committee Ranking Member Mark Warner said he's hoping to hear from Comey in the "not-to-distant future". Nick Ackerman, a former Assistant U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York and an assistant Watergate prosecutor, told MSNBC that the situation reminds him of Watergate and makes him wonder if Trump recorded Comey or if the president is trying to intimidate him by implying he has a tape. "President Trump doesn't understand Watergate, he hasn't learned anything from it," he said. Clint Watts, a former FBI special agent, said on MSNBC that Trump's tweet threatening to leak conversations with Comey is causing government officials to say they can't trust the President's judgment. "If I'm a government official right now, what I just learned today is that I'm never going to have a private conversation with the president. I will have group conference calls with multiple witnesses," Watts said. "If I get called to the White House, I'm going to take my attorney that works at my agency and another agent with me. Because I can't trust that what I say to the president isn't going to be misconstrued and used against me because I don't do what he wants." Ali Vitali Twitter Facebook Instagram Email Contributor NBC News Topic White House First Published May 12 2017, 2:39 pm ET Next Story North Korea Missile Test 'Not the Way to Sit Down' With Trump: Nikki Haley advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman ZEISS and ASML Strengthen Partnership for Next Generation of EUV Lithography Due in Early 2020s ASML buys 24.9% of ZEISS subsidiary Carl Zeiss SMT for EUR 1 billion in cash Start of development of entirely new High NA optical system for the future generation of EUV ASML supports Carl Zeiss SMT`s R&D and capex for approximately EUR 760 million over the next 6 years VELDHOVEN, the Netherlands/OBERKOCHEN, Germany – 3 November 2016 – Netherlands-based ASML Holding NV, one of the world’s leading chip industry equipment providers, and Germany-based Carl Zeiss SMT, a business group of Carl Zeiss AG (ZEISS), have agreed to strengthen their long-standing and successful partnership in the semiconductor lithography business. The main objective of this agreement is to facilitate the development of the future generation of Extreme Ultraviolet (EUV) lithography systems due in the first few years of the next decade. This technology will enable the semiconductor industry to produce much higher performance microchips at lower costs. ZEISS and ASML jointly announce today, that they have agreed on a 24.9% minority stake of ASML in ZEISS’s subsidiary Carl Zeiss SMT, for which ASML will pay ZEISS EUR 1 billion in cash. The companies stated that no further exchange of shares is planned or agreed. ASML is a key supplier of semiconductor patterning products and services used by the world`s top producers of microchips. With its high-performance optics Carl Zeiss SMT supplies an essential subsystem of ASML´s semiconductor lithography scanners and is ASML`s most important strategic partner. ASML and Carl Zeiss SMT have been in close partnership for more than 30 years. Both firms have grown strongly over the last decades benefiting from each other`s strengths. A new cycle of investments required for the development of an entirely new optical system for the future generation of EUV, expected to be provided to the chip making industry in the first few years of the next decade, has triggered the partners to take a further step in the collaboration. “In 2018 the first chips made on current technology EUV scanners are expected to roll off the production lines of our customers. A lot of work is still being done to ensure the introduction of EUV in volume manufacturing, in tight conjunction with our highly successful immersion scanners which we continue to improve. Yet ASML and ZEISS are looking beyond this important milestone. We see a long and successful future for EUV lithography in advanced chip manufacturing and with this agreement we set the right conditions for development of the next generation of EUV by ASML and Carl Zeiss SMT, so that our customers can reap the rewards of their EUV investments up to the end of the next decade,” said Peter Wennink, President and Chief Executive Officer of ASML. “With this agreement we clear the road for advanced lithography to support the new concepts and designs for future generations of advanced chips. After the many years of fruitful partnership, we see this agreement as a further strong endorsement of our long term cooperation which allows us to further expand our joint leadership that we have already accomplished together”, says Michael Kaschke, President and CEO of ZEISS. The next generation of EUV optics will offer a higher numerical aperture (NA), making it possible to further reduce critical dimensions in the lithography process. The current EUV systems have an optical system with NA of 0.33 whereas the new optics will have NA larger than 0.5, enabling several generations of geometric chip scaling. In addition to the agreement of the minority interest, the two companies have also agreed that ASML will support Carl Zeiss SMT`s research and development (R&D) for approximately EUR 220 million as well as capital expenditures and other supply chain investments for approximately EUR 540 million over the next 6 years. These investments will predominantly be allocated at Carl Zeiss SMT’s main location in Oberkochen, Germany, and will primarily be used for capacity and resource expansions, with positive effects on long-term employment at this location. Carl Zeiss SMT will remain fully integrated into the structure of the ZEISS Group as one of the major and important business groups. “High-NA is the logical next step for EUV, as it circumvents complex and expensive 0.33 NA EUV multiple patterning. High-NA EUV is a robust way for chips to scale all the way down to the sub-3 nanometer logic node in a single exposure with high productivity and reduced cost per feature. That is several generations from where we are today and underlines our commitment to propel Moore’s law,” said Martin van den Brink, President and Chief Technology Officer at ASML. Carl Zeiss SMT will pay an annual dividend to its shareholders Carl Zeiss AG and ASML. ASML expects that the minority share transaction will be accretive to its earnings before adjustments related to purchase price accounting and differences in accounting standards. Furthermore, ASML`s contribution to Carl Zeiss SMT`s R&D and capital expenditures will be taken into account in the future pricing of SMT`s next generation EUV optics to ASML. The transaction has been approved by both companies’ supervisory boards. ASML will fund the transaction from available cash, potentially supplemented by new debt. The transaction is subject to regulatory clearance and is expected to be closed in the second quarter of 2017. Update ASML Share Buyback Program In light of the investments by ASML announced today, ASML will prolong the pause of its share buy back program for the time being. As a result, the 2016-2017 program may not be completed for the full amount. Otherwise, the current program will remain in place, yet it may be further suspended, modified or discontinued at any time. As part of ASML’s financial policy to return excess cash to shareholders through dividends and regularly timed share buyback programs, ASML in January 2016 announced its intention to purchase up to EUR 1.5 billion of shares to be executed within the 2016-2017 time frame. About Moore`s law The phenomenal growth of the semiconductor industry has been driven by Moore’s Law, named after Intel co-founder Gordon Moore. In 1965, Moore observed that the number of components on a chip that could be manufactured at optimum cost had doubled every year. He predicted that this trend would continue. It was an empirical observation, not a law of nature. In the five decades that followed, the “law” has been rewritten several times, but the principle continues: chip makers cram more transistors on ICs with every new generation, making computing power and storage capacity cheaper year after year. Today’s consumers carry more computing power in their pockets than a multi-million-dollar supercomputer could deliver in the 1970s. Moore’s Law has inspired generations of engineers to push technology forward. About ASML ASML is one of the world’s leading manufacturers of chip-making equipment. Our vision is to enable affordable microelectronics that improve the quality of life. To achieve this, our mission is to invent, develop, manufacture and service advanced technology for high-tech lithography, metrology and software solutions for the semiconductor industry. ASML’s guiding principle is continuing Moore’s Law towards ever smaller, cheaper, more powerful and energy-efficient semiconductors. This results in increasingly powerful and capable electronics that enable the world to progress within a multitude of fields, including healthcare, technology, communications, energy, mobility, and entertainment. We are a multinational company with over 70 locations in 16 countries, headquartered in Veldhoven, the Netherlands. We employ more than 15,500 people on payroll and flexible contracts (expressed in full time equivalents). ASML is traded on Euronext Amsterdam and NASDAQ under the symbol ASML. More information about ASML, our products and technology, and career opportunities is available on www.ASML.com. About ZEISS and Carl Zeiss SMT ZEISS is an internationally leading technology enterprise operating in the optics and optoelectronics industries. The ZEISS Group develops and distributes semiconductor manufacturing equipment, measuring technology, microscopes, medical technology, eyeglass lenses, camera and cine lenses, binoculars and planetarium technology. With its solutions, the company constantly advances the world of optics and helps shape technological progress. ZEISS is divided up into the four segments Semiconductor Manufacturing Technology, Research & Quality Technology, Medical Technology, and Vision Care/Consumer Optics. ZEISS is represented in over 40 countries and operates more than 30 production sites, over 50 sales and service locations and about 25 research and development facilities. In fiscal year 2015/16 the company generated revenue of over EUR 4.8 billion with around 25,000 employees. Founded in 1846 in Jena, the company is headquartered in Oberkochen, Germany. Carl Zeiss AG is the strategic management holding company that manages the ZEISS Group. The company is wholly owned by the Carl Zeiss Stiftung (Carl Zeiss Foundation). Further information at www.zeiss.com Regulated Information This press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation. Forward Looking Statements This document contains statements relating to certain projections and business trends that are forward-looking, including statements with respect to our outlook, including statements about the partnership between ASML and Carl Zeiss SMT, the transactions between ASML and ZEISS discussed herein, including the expected capex and R&Dother investments by ASML, and expected benefits of these transactions, statements with respect to the planned investments by ASML in Carl Zeiss SMT including allocation and use of these investments and expected benefits,, statements about EUV including expected development of EUV and the expected timing of the next generation of EUV systems, new investments required in optical systems to continue EUV development, expected timing for the first chips to be produced by ASML’s customers using EUV, and expected volume manufacturing using EUV and expected timing thereof and expected long and successful future of EUV lithography and expected future investments in EUV, , that customers can reap the rewards of these EUV investments up to the end of the next decade and that the agreement discussed in this release will clear the road for advanced lithography to support new concepts and designs for future generations of advanced ships, the expected NA and other features of next generation EUV products, statements with respect to Moore’s law and the expectation that this transaction will help fuel the development of Moore’s law, statements with respect to Carl Zeiss SMT, including expected dividends and that the transaction will be accretive to earnings, statements with respect to the relationship between ASML and Carl Zeiss SMT and expected benefits thereof , expected closing of the transaction [and expected funding of the transaction by ASML], and other non-historic statements. You can generally identify these statements by the use of words like “may”, “will”, “could”, “should”, “project”, “believe”, “anticipate”, “expect”, “plan”, “estimate”, “forecast”, “potential”, “intend”, “continue” and variations of these words or comparable words. These statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates, assumptions and projections about the business and our future financial results and readers should not place undue reliance on them. Forward-looking statements do not guarantee future performance and involve risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include, without limitation, economic conditions, product demand and semiconductor equipment industry capacity, worldwide demand and manufacturing capacity utilization for semiconductors (the principal product of our customer base), including the impact of general economic conditions on consumer confidence and demand for our customers’ products, competitive products and pricing, the impact of any manufacturing efficiencies and capacity constraints, performance of our systems, the continuing success of technology advances and the related pace of new product development and customer acceptance of EUV, delays in EUV systems production and development, our ability to enforce patents and protect intellectual property rights, the risk of intellectual property litigation, availability of raw materials and critical manufacturing equipment, trade environment, changes in exchange rates, the completion of the acquisition by ASML of the 24.9% stake in Carl Zeiss SMT and the performance of Carl Zeiss SMT including dividends paid in the future by Carl Zeiss SMT, the amount of investments and capex required by Carl Zeiss SMT under the arrangements described herein and the performance of the products produced by Carl Zeiss SMT and other risks indicated in the risk factors included in ASML’s Annual Report on Form 20-F and other filings with the US Securities and Exchange Commission. These forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this document. We do not undertake to update or revise the forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious ASML Successfully Places Eurobond Offering for EUR 750 Million Next PostNext NZ dollar little changed near key support level Search Recent Posts Ryman Healthcare’s proposed Devonport Retirement Village AKARI THERAPEUTICS SHAREHOLDER ALERT BY FORMER LOUISIANA ATTORNEY GENERAL: KAHN SWICK & FOTI, LLC REMINDS INVESTORS WITH LOSSES IN EXCESS OF $100,000 of Lead Plaintiff Deadline in Class Action Lawsuit Against Akari Therapeutics, Plc – (AKTX) Sunshine Oilsands Ltd.: Inside Information — West Ells Phase 1 Positive Progress – Production Volume Increased by 73% vs January 2017 村田製作所：表面黏著型Y1等級安全規格認證電容器的商品化 Murata Launches Surface Mount Type Y1 Class Safety Certified Capacitor RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software Steam Summer Sale dates for 2017 reportedly leak 59 minutes ago This week in science: A statue-like dinosaur fossil, a new accelerator at CERN, and more 1 hour ago Telegram for desktop update brings support for voice calls 3 hours ago US Department of Defense looking to finish Windows 10 migration by the end of the year 6 hours ago View all recent news This week in science: A statue-like dinosaur fossil, a new accelerator at CERN, and more 2 hours ago US Department of Defense looking to finish Windows 10 migration by the end of the year 7 hours ago Microsoft says stockpiling of hacking tools by governments partly to blame for recent attack 7 hours ago Microsoft announces results of its Windows Developer Awards 12 hours ago View all Microsoft news 7 Days: A week of Building, prolonged creativity, and Azure skies May 13, 2017 Project Treble could help streamline the development and release of future Android updates May 13, 2017 Google is updating its web app review process to protect users from further phishing attacks May 12, 2017 Google files patent for a peculiar ceiling sensor to watch you while you sleep May 12, 2017 View all Google news Reports suggest Apple very likely to unveil new 10.5-inch iPad at WWDC May 14, 2017 Surprise! Microsoft announces that Apple's iTunes is coming to the Windows Store May 11, 2017 Microsoft releases an Azure app for iOS and Android May 10, 2017 Apple acquires Beddit, a sleep tracking company, in health pursuit May 10, 2017 View all Apple news Bandizip 6.07 49 minutes ago OneClick! Installer 3.0.0.24 15 hours ago NAPS2 (Not Another PDF Scanner 2) 5.4.0 22 hours ago OpenShot Video Editor 2.3.2 May 14, 2017 View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending Samsung Galaxy S8+ (Exynos) review May 9, 2017 Moto G5 review: Nougat on a budget May 9, 2017 NOMU S30 review: A rugged smartphone that won't put a huge dent in your hip pocket Apr 24, 2017 Mr. Shifty review on the Nintendo Switch Apr 24, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials HTC U Ultra unboxing and first impressions Apr 16, 2017 End of the road: Microsoft terminates support for Windows Vista today Apr 11, 2017 HP EliteBook x360 G2 unboxing and first impressions Apr 4, 2017 HP Spectre x360 with pen and 4K display unboxing and first impressions Apr 4, 2017 View all unboxings Upcoming generation of Intel processors to allegedly include a Core i9 May 13, 2017 Leaked internal documents highlight interesting facts about Xbox One owners in the US 16 hours ago Microsoft patches Windows 8, XP, and Server 2003 to combat 'WannaCry' ransomware attack May 13, 2017 US Department of Defense looking to finish Windows 10 migration by the end of the year 6 hours ago View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Pay What You Want for this Mobile Cross Platform Development Bundle via Neowin Deals May 12, 2017 Get this Zoolz Dual Cloud 1TB Storage for life for just $29.99 via Neowin Deals, 99% off! May 11, 2017 Save 91% off the Big Data Power Tools Bundle - get it for just $45 via Neowin Deals May 10, 2017 Get this Linux Power User Bundle for just $19 via Neowin Deals May 9, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ OneClick! Installer 3.0.0.24 By Razvan Serea News Reporter Neowin LLC · 15 hours ago with 0 comments OneClick! Installer 3 is an application designed to automate the installation of your favourite software. No more hours and hours spent on boring repetitive tasks! With OneClick! Installer 3, professionals can perform installation operations up to three times faster than before – as well as be sure that all software will be installed in the recommended order for optimum system performance advised by Intel. No more annoying toolbars! OneClick! Installer 3 has been designed to avoid their installation. OneClick! Installer 3 works with Windows XP, Vista, 7, 8, 8.1, 10, Server (32/64-bit). Download: OneClick! Installer 3.0.0.24 | 8.2 MB (Freeware, paid upgrade available) View: OneClick! Installer Home Page | Free Software List | Full Software List Tags Oneclick installer Oneclickinstaller Install software Deploy Windows updates Drivers Freeware Software Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Follow @TwitterDev Previous Story NAPS2 (Not Another PDF Scanner 2) 5.4.0 Next Story Bandizip 6.07 Community Activity Refresh Upcoming generation of Intel processors to allegedly include a Core i9 in Front Page News Microsoft says stockpiling of hacking tools by governments partly to blame for recent attack in Front Page News Steam Summer Sale dates for 2017 reportedly leak in Front Page News 'Wannacry' ransomware evolves to combat kill-switch in Front Page News Woman ripped up Mother's Day card, beat 6-year-old son in Real World News Bandizip 6.07 in Front Page News VidCutter 3.2.0 in Front Page News Telegram for desktop update brings support for voice calls in Front Page News Advertisement Trending Stories Upcoming generation of Intel processors to allegedly include a Core i9 May 13, 2017 with 59 comments Leaked internal documents highlight interesting facts about Xbox One owners in the US 16 hours ago with 19 comments Microsoft patches Windows 8, XP, and Server 2003 to combat 'WannaCry' ransomware attack May 13, 2017 with 58 comments US Department of Defense looking to finish Windows 10 migration by the end of the year 6 hours ago with 4 comments Related Stories O&O ShutUp10 1.5.1390 May 10, 2017 O&O ShutUp10 1.5.1389 Apr 12, 2017 O&O ShutUp10 1.4.1387 Mar 7, 2017 Auslogics Disk Defrag Free 7.1.1 Dec 23, 2016 Show Comments 0 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] deals VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $39.00 92% off Linux Power User Bundle $597.00 $19.00 97% off Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert (MCSE): Server Infrastructure $790.00 $47.99 94% off The Ultimate Python Coding Bundle $428.24 $10.00 98% off Degoo Premium: Lifetime 2TB Backup Plan $1,200.00 $59.99 95% off growing, but slowing Windows 10 is now installed on over 500 million devices windows 10 review Samsung Galaxy S8+ (Exynos) review galaxy review Moto G5 review: Nougat on a budget moto g5 build 2017 View our coverage from the show floor build 2017 Creators Update: Improvements in Edge for enterprise and IT pros microsoft edge Build 16193 released to Insiders in the Fast Ring, ISOs also available redstone 3 FIRST IMPRESSIONS A lesson in exquisite design: Hands-on with the Surface Laptop surface laptop Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 29 mins S&P 500 2,390.90 -3.54 (-0.15%) Dow 30 20,896.61 -22.81 (-0.11%) Nasdaq 6,121.23 +5.27 (+0.09%) Who Will Lead The Transportation Transformation? Henry Hewitt Oilprice.com May 12, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share A moment of truth is at hand, not just for Tesla, not just for electric vehicles, but for transport generally. It is by no means clear that Tesla will ever earn any money, real money, the kind of money that makes your market cap worthy of industry leadership. Earnings matter and the time has come for Tesla to produce the goods, not just the Model 3. View photos (Click to enlarge) The good news is that even if Tesla were to go out of business (which is neither a prophecy nor a preference) EVs are going to replace internal combustion engine autos; the only question is when? I like to think it will happen by 2030, hence: 0 to 60 in 15 Years (where 60 is percent-market-share). This claim is not as ridiculous as it sounded a year or so ago. Indeed, Bloomberg New Energy Finance just published the illuminating prediction above at their annual conference. Furthermore, “[a] report by the Center for Automotive Research at the University of Duisberg-Essen in Germany predicts the market for new cars in China will exceed 30 million vehicles a year by 2025 and it expects EV sales to make up 30 percent of that figure.”. U.S. sales are currently running around 17 million units per. When a company is not earning money its share price is determined in large measure by psychological factors; hope and fear both get their chance to weigh in on the price (24 hours a day). However, Tesla shares, without earnings, could just as easily trade at 50 or 60 as they do at 300 or 350. Amazon has amazingly been able to take over the world without making much money, but delivering cars at $35,000 to $100,000 or so is rather different from delivering $35 books. It is a lot easier to scale books than cars. But CEO Elon Musk doesn’t seem worried: “I don’t know anything that would prevent us from starting production in July and exceeding 5,000 units a week by the end of the year.” Related: Why Goldman Thinks You Should Go Long On Oil View photos (Click to enlarge) It will be a remarkable achievement if Tesla can produce half a million cars in a year, at a price point near the new car average ($35,000 U.S.) and make money, but that is what the share price seems to be telling us. Is it priced for perfection? “A flawless launch of the Model 3 is critical to the company’s future success,” said Jack R. Nerad, an analyst with the auto-research firm Kelley Blue Book. We are about to find out. American entrepreneurs are not altogether unfamiliar with remarkable achievements in auto production. Will Tesla ever get to 15 million units? When will that be? What will its share price look like along the way? View photos (Click to enlarge) The Ultimate Mobile Device The word itself, auto-mobile means self-moving, just like a horse. Finally, after 109 years (the Model T rolled out in 1908) engineers are about to get it right. Now we will see if the courts and regulators can too. With or without electricity, the autonomy genie has broken through the eggshell and is about to hop out onto the stage. RMI asks the key question: How safe are self-driving cars? At this stage of the game, the answer seems to be ‘pretty darn safe,’ except when they are hit by cars driven by humans, many of whom have had a bit too much to drink. On the bright side, sales of liquor after midnight should skyrocket once autonomous vehicles can get you home safely assuming the locks have not been changed (which would be a boon to the hotel trade). In fact, driverless cars are becoming child’s play; they almost have to. Read More Related: Corruption, Terrorism, And Mafia: The Global Black Market For Oil But what happens when machines make decisions and something goes wrong? Who is responsible? Who pays? The great Oliver Wendell Holmes wrote: “The prophecies of what the courts will do in fact, and nothing more pretentious, are what I mean by the law.” (The Path of the Law, Harvard Law Review, 1897.) In unsettled matters, when important new technology comes on the scene, the courts decide the new rules of the game (which is why Buick had to pay Mr. MacPherson a hundred years ago). View photos (Click to enlarge) The case of Waymo LLC v. Uber Technologies Inc. (17-00939, U.S. District Court, Northern District of California -- San Francisco), naturally comes to mind. Waymo used to be known as Google’s Self Driving Car program. (Google, Waymo and Alphabet are all names for the same team.) In Federal Court, Alphabet has claimed that Uber’s driverless project relies on trade secrets taken by an engineer Uber recruited who once worked for them (Google). They claim he took 14,000 files when leaving the company to start his own (called Otto); that start-up was acquired by Uber for $680 million. Bloomberg calls the case “a showdown that may decide who controls key technology in the race to market autonomous vehicles -- a business that both companies believe will be worth hundreds of billions or even trillions of dollars a year.” Nor do they underestimate what may be at stake for ‘the world’s most valuable start-up’. “Uber [CEO] Travis Kalanick calls driverless cars an ‘existential’ necessity for his company. If he’s right, Uber can’t afford to lose in its court fight with rival Waymo.” Whatever the courts decide (an update on the case can be found here), there are other players working on the key LIDAR technology that makes it possible for the car to “see” what is going on around it. LIDAR is an acronym for Light Detection and Ranging. (It is analogous to RADAR – Radio Detection and Ranging). Is a worldwide fleet of autonomous EVs running on renewable power merely a millennial socialist fantasy? ( Sunshine, Megawatts, and Windmills everywhere -- with apologies to the estate of Lesley Gore.) Is never ending production growth from oil wells to feed the next two billion gas burning cars a free market delusion? (Is CO2 really ‘free’?) Which is closer to the truth? View photos On your spreadsheet, what will the market share of EVs be over the next twenty years? What percent of the rising generations will own their own cars (ie, the autonomous market)? What percent of electricity will be renewable? When will world auto demand peak? (Will it ever?) Knowing those four variables will cast much light on other ones that are growing in the shade of these great and strengthening forces. View photos (Click to enlarge) Smarter than a Box of Rocks It would be ironic if Elon Musk’s wealth and legacy were preserved and passed on for generations, not because he built great electric cars or because he set a colony firmly on the surface of Mars (Elontown), but rather, because he had the best box of rocks, the terrestrial kind: Lithium, element number three. These little boxes, make that batteries (mostly cylindrical), will determine the pace of the EV rollout as the correlation between the price, as measured in fewer dollars per kilowatt-hour, and the time it takes for EVs to rule the world is sure to be very high. Muskpad Number One – Do these scale? Even if Tesla can’t make money building cars, it may turn out that most of the money is to be made selling batteries, and not just for cars. One of the most remarkable business decisions in recent history (if not ever) was made by Andrew Grove and Gordon Moore, the CEO and Founder of Intel, to abandon a technology they invented, memory devices, and bet the company (arguably the most important company in the world over the last 50 years) on microprocessors. It turned out to be a good bet. (It also didn’t hurt that the other Founder, Robert Noyce, mentor to Steve Jobs, invented the integrated circuit.) Above and beyond filling up EVs, batteries have already started to matter at the grid level. California responded admirably and quickly to a crisis which developed in the wake of a leak at the Aliso Canyon gas storage facility near LA, which constricted fuel supplies throughout the region. (And you didn’t think gas was intermittent.) According to UtilityDive: “Fearing blackouts, the California Public Utilities Commission quickly mandated a series of mitigation measures, including an expedited procurement for local energy storage resources. The more renewable energy that can be stored during the day, the reasoning went, the less need to fire up fossil fuel generators as electricity demand increases in the evening.” Some utility executives already talk in glowing terms about the long-term effects of low cost battery storage systems. At the 2015 Energy Storage North America conference, the utility’s chief development officer Jim Avery captured the attention of the industry by dreaming of a future “where there will be no more gas turbines." While it won’t happen overnight, Avery said "long-duration storage could eventually obviate the need for natural gas peaker plants that today help integrate variable renewables.” Related: Oil Stabilizes As OPEC Ponders Deeper Cuts Of course, if the Martians land here first, and look around, they may be forgiven for thinking that cars are the most important life form on this planet. They would notice (in the USA, anyway) that the biggest room in most buildings is the garage. They would also notice massive structures in cities filled with these creatures. Clearly, the shiny metal objects stored in the great room, and well attended by two-legged creatures that serve them faithfully, have godlike status (which isn’t far from the truth). The cars come in all shapes, sizes and colors; the attendants pretty much all look alike. (Occasionally, smaller four-legged creatures jump into them, but it is not clear what their function is, other than possibly to provide irrigation when they emerge.) The good news, from the Martian perspective, is that at least some of these enlightened beings are drawing energy from the sun, via silicon on the rooftop. Maybe there is intelligent life on Earth after all. “Greetings, Earthling. We come in peace.” View photos By Henry Hewitt of Oilprice.com More Top Reads From Oilprice.com: U.S. Shale Spending Dwarfs Competition: Grows 10 Times Faster Should OPEC Abandon Its Current Oil Price Strategy? Solar Power To Threaten Conventional Power By 2020 Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Tech stocks’ three winners, three losers after earnings season MarketWatch How to maximize electric vehicle range (and minimize anxiety) Digital Trends What Investors Missed in the Market This Week -- The Motley Fool The Motley Fool GOP wins in reversing Obama-era rules on guns, environment Associated Press Trump is reportedly considering a massive White House shakeup Business Insider Warren Buffett gives employees the one thing they really need to be successful Yahoo Finance Snap Could Now Be One of the Most Hated Companies on All of Wall Street The Street The Trumponomics report card Yahoo Finance Video Home Depot, Walmart — What to watch in the markets this week Yahoo Finance How a wider laptop ban could threaten your safety and data Yahoo Finance Sears CEO's master plan to profit off the demise of his stores is taking a turn for the worst Business Insider This chart watcher says a classic market theory could presage a 15-20% drop in stocks CNBC The résumé will soon be dead, according to a careers expert Business Insider UK Inside the World's Greatest Scavenger Hunt, The Finale Yahoo Finance Video REVEALED: The hedge funds who bought Snap Yahoo Finance Warren Buffett says if you want steady reliable returns, this instrument 'makes the most sense' CNBC Donald Trump could be impeached over firing of James Comey, says professor who called election chilly: The only way Trump gets impeached is if republicans choose America over billionaires... fat chance of that happening. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2k
ALL SECTIONS HOME NATIONAL BUSINESS ASEAN+ OPINION LIFE TECH TRAVEL SPORTS Stock watch Video Photo Nation Junior ANN Subscribe Phuket Gazette Thai Visa Facebook Epaper SMS RSS HOME national business Economy & Tourism Corporate AEC Property Auto Stock tips GDP expands 3.3% in Q1 YoY due to export boost by The Nation May 15,2017 11:09 Foreign films inject estimated Bt900 m into economy in Q1 by The Nation May 15,2017 10:15 GDP tipped to rise in Q1 due to export growth by The Nation May 15,2017 10:05 Marketwatch by The Nation May 14,2017 16:12 EXIM Thailand shows Bt362 million net Q1 profit by The Nation May 15,2017 12:04 Greatest Pet Care unveils ambitious growth plan by The Nation May 15,2017 10:07 Phuket Gazette to stop print edition of newspaper locally by John Magee Phuket Gazette PHUKET May 15,2017 06:46 Briefs by The Nation May 14,2017 17:14 Banks offer micro loans to Gojek drivers by THE JAKARTA POST ASIA NEWS NETWORK JAKARTA May 10,2017 17:25 Collaboration provides training for hospitality sector in Vietnam  by   VIET NAM NEWS ASIA NEWS NETWORK DA NANG, VIETNAM May 10,2017 17:26 AEC Feed by Asia News Network May 10,2017 17:28 Lao PM visits Malaysia to boost ties  by   VIENTIANE TIMES ASIA NEWS NETWORK KUALA LUMPUR May 10,2017 17:30 Sansiri to accept e-payments, bookings via Samsung Pay by The Nation May 08,2017 17:28 TRIS maintains ‘stable’ outlook for Thai residential sector by The Nation May 08,2017 16:04 Home construction off to slower start than last year by The Nation May 08,2017 12:46 Property prices double in EEC rush by SOMLUCK SRIMALEE THE NATION May 01,2017 19:43 Renault shuts down sites after being hit by cyberattack by Agence France-Presse May 13,2017 17:48 Mazda sales jump 22% year on year in April by The Nation May 11,2017 19:42 Promotion offers free Ducati bike to buyers of luxury Benz by The Nation May 11,2017 19:37 Mazda partners with TISCO Bank to deliver ‘special privileges’ by The Nation May 09,2017 15:01 Global transfer pricing standards with local impacts by SPECIAL TO THE NATION Feb 26,2017 17:01 Focus on select stocks with growth momentum by Therdsak Thaveeteeratham Executive Vice President / Research Asia Plus Securities Feb 26,2017 17:03 ASEAN+ Asean Plus Where to go? life Eateries Malaysia seizes smuggled tortoises worth $300,000 by Agence France-Presse May 15,2017 13:14 Dying Guatemala lake underlines climate change threat by Agence France-Presse May 15,2017 12:52 China's Xi decries protectionism, touts Silk Road by Agence France-Presse May 15,2017 12:31 China wins praise for Silk Road but concerns persist by Agence France-Presse May 15,2017 08:37 Make-up artists showcase peacock beauty in Malaysia by Agence France-Presse May 06,2017 22:23 opinion Today's editorial Letters to editor A setback for Indonesia by The Nation May 14,2017 21:36 New law stirs fear, distrust about dental clinics by May 14,2017 21:55 A small step in the right direction by The Nation May 13,2017 20:15 Korean conflict poses a dilemma for Asean by The Nation May 12,2017 23:29 Chaturon lashes out at ruling junta’s ‘poor’ performance by May 14,2017 21:50 People still free to ‘like’ on social media with discretion, ministry clarifies by May 14,2017 21:52 Mexican wall should be built with American bulldust  by May 14,2017 21:53 A con by fascist globalists by May 13,2017 20:17 life Arts & culture Music Box office Eat in / eat out Calling all shutterbugs by The Nation May 15,2017 13:20 Out & About by The Nation May 12,2017 19:25 Italian art fest a tonic for global woes by Kelly Velasquez, Ella Ide Agence FrancePresse May 12,2017 19:54 The Thai re-conquest of Venice by Phatarawadee Phataranawik The Nation May 12,2017 20:17 In love with Labanoon by The Nation May 15,2017 13:06 Ploychompoo in the swim by THE NATION May 13,2017 18:23 Serena Brancale: Much more than jazz by THE NATION May 12,2017 18:50 Music with a “Warp” factor by The Nation May 12,2017 17:46 iflix brings Fargo to Thailand by The Nation May 15,2017 13:11 Winning Malaysian documentary screens Saturday by The Nation May 15,2017 13:27 Lee Min-ho spotted on first day of military service by The Korea Herald Asia News Network May 14,2017 13:21 Longlost film classic now on DVD by THE NATION May 12,2017 18:52 Mangoes every which way by THE NATION May 13,2017 18:40 Softshell shuffle by THE NATION May 12,2017 18:42 Nothing like a Peppina pizza by Khetsirin Pholdhampalit The Sunday Nation May 12,2017 16:39 Gourmets bites from around the world by The Nation May 12,2017 18:53 TECH travel Getaways Around Thailand Check in Travel news Great new offers from Vietjet by The Nation May 10,2017 12:47 Check out the latest promotions by The Nation May 09,2017 19:01 Staying in your Element by The Nation May 06,2017 22:22 Camping out in the land of the Lamas by The Nation May 06,2017 21:48 A day with the pachyderms by The Nation Apr 26,2017 16:36 Spirits for the soul by The Nation Apr 19,2017 13:05 On the road in Lanna Land by The Nation Apr 12,2017 15:34 So much to see in upcountry Songkran festivities by The Nation Apr 12,2017 15:03 Stay and save by THE NATION May 13,2017 18:59 Thai hotel group takes its expertise to Vietnam by THE NATION May 12,2017 14:52 Ambassador lends a helping hand by THE NATION May 12,2017 14:49 New boutique hotel for trendy Thonglor by THE NATION May 12,2017 14:38 Twentyfour good reasons to Smile by THE NATION May 12,2017 18:58 Heading to Rayong? There’s an app for that by THE NATION May 12,2017 18:56 Graduate’s aviation ambitions take flight by THE NATION May 11,2017 20:14 Business travel made easy by THE NATION Apr 29,2017 11:03 sports Stock watch Video Photo Nation Junior ANN Subscribe Phuket Gazette Thai Visa Monday, May 15, 2017 TECH Sompoat Chansoomboon Ash Maurya, father of the "Lean Canvas" model Ash Maurya, father of the "Lean Canvas" model Ash Maurya, father of the "Lean Canvas" model Lean Canvas model and how it reduces risks besides accelerating firm's growth May 14, 2017 19:55 By SOMPOAT CHANSOOMBOON SPECIAL TO THE NATION  I WAS VERY honoured to have a chance to interview Ash Maurya, father of the "Lean Canvas" model and author of the books Running Lean and Scaling Lean. I would like to share his thoughts about the model and on reducing risks and accelerating growth.  Typically, creating a business plan can take up to 50-60 pages, which makes it difficult to understand, communicate and implement. That is why Maurya created Lean Canvas to help start-ups create a one-page business model that improves understanding as well as minimises risk and uncertainty.  Lean Canvas is a modelling tool that helps increase the probability of success by using information or data derived from business-model hypotheses. This lowered risk and reduced uncertainty are key factors that pushed former start-ups like Facebook and Dropbox to become tech giants.  "Asking questions and testing hypotheses broadens our business perspective and helps us reduce risk in the business," Maurya said.  Most start-ups fail because they do not clearly understand the "business problem" from the start, so they waste time, money and effort building the wrong product or service. The next step is to develop a feasible solution for early adopters to try out and give feedback before launching the final product to the market.  Another key component of Lean Canvas is to identify key metrics that are clear and easy to measure. Start-ups should only focus on one or two key metrics that matter to their business.  "Most start-ups will hit stumbling blocks along the way and will eventually fail if they cannot overcome them. The Lean Canvas model helps start-ups grow their business and be effective start-ups," Maurya said. Lean Canvas is not limited only to start-ups, but is also for large corporations. Users of Lean Canvas just need to have entrepreneurial thinking. Top companies like Intel and Microsoft have adopted Lean Canvas in their business-model planning.  The Thai start-up industry is constantly on the rise, with support from the private sector including co-working space, start-up houses, incubator programmes, and funding from corporate venture capital. Most Thai start-ups are marketplace-centric, focusing on solution development. It is also important to figure out how to deliver the product or service to the target customer.  To become a unicorn, a start-up worth more than US$1 billion, a start-up needs to create a solution that solves the problem for people around the world, not just for Thai people.  Sompoat Chansoomboon is director of the dtac Accelerate division of Total Access Communication. Tags Lean Canvas Most Viewed TODAY LAST 7 Days LAST 30 Days Lean Canvas model and how it reduces risks besides accelerating firm's... I WAS VERY honoured to have a chance to ... TECH May 14,2017 19:55 Ransomware, the weapon wielded in cyber attacks... PARIS- A software that demands a ransom ... TECH May 14,2017 01:54 Zanroo spreads its wings in search of global success... THAI START-UP FLIES ON IBM CLOUD AS IT T... TECH May 14,2017 19:52 US Treasury to play key role in protecting financial IT infrastructure... WASHINGTON - The US Treasury Department ... TECH May 14,2017 14:45 Towards the digital future: Striking the balance between protection an... DATA is the four-letter word that fuels ... TECH May 14,2017 19:58 FB ‘likes’ can constitute criminal conspiracy in eyes of law enfor... MANY people are unaware that online acts... national May 12,2017 01:00   3 payment service providers launch standardised QR code here ... MASTERCARD, UnionPay International and V... business May 10,2017 01:00 China's WeChat blocked in Russia... Chinese internet giant Tencent said Satu... TECH May 08,2017 12:15 Kingsoft, local start-up launch Thai WPS Office ... CHINESE software company Kingsoft and st... business May 12,2017 01:00 Dutch open 'world's largest offshore' wind farm... THE HAGUE - Dutch officials on Monday o... TECH May 10,2017 08:54 Thai ISPs to pressure Facebook on illegal sites... ELEVEN local Internet service providers ... business May 05,2017 01:00 Social media dominates online ad market... SOCIAL NETWORKS now rival search engines... business Apr 17,2017 01:00 Myanmar e-commerce leader pushes for expansion... THOUGH a large percentage of Myanmar’s... business Apr 24,2017 01:00 PromptPay on track for 30m users this year... THIRTY MILLION people are expected to si... business May 03,2017 01:00 OTT regulatory model expected by September... THE NATIONAL Broadcasting and Telecommun... business Apr 29,2017 01:00 Join with us Home NATIONAL BUSINESS ASEAN+ OPINION LIFE TECH TRAVEL SPORTS Contact 1858/129 Floor 32 Bangna-Trat Road, Bangna, Bangkok 10260 Thailand. Tel 66-2-338-3000(Call Center), 66-2-338-3333, Fax 66-2-338-3334 call-center-department@nationgroup.com Advertise with us © Copyright 2015 by Nation Advertisement ×Close
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Trending in Apple Building a GTX 1080 Ti-powered Hackintosh: Installing macOS Sierra step-by-step [Video] May 13 AAPL: 156.10 2.15 FTC again says Qualcomm is a monopoly as Samsung files amicus brief in support Chance Miller - May. 13th 2017 7:04 am PT @ChanceHMiller Samsung Qualcomm View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple is currently engaged in a high-profile legal battle with Qualcomm centered on patent royalties. Apple struck first back in January and has since expand its lawsuit to additional countries, while Qualcomm has officially hit back with a countersuit. While the Federal Trade Commission had originally stated that Qualcomm had monopolistic like qualities, the trade group this week has yet again slammed the chip maker… Spigen TEKA RA200 Airpods Earhooks Cover In a filing with the US District Court in San Jose, California, the FTC accused Qualcomm of being a monopoly and preventing key customers, like Apple, from doing business with other companies. The FTC ultimately says that the case should proceed (via CNET): “Qualcomm uses its monopoly power to make [handset manufacturers] pay a royalty overcharge — a tax — when buying modem chips from its competitors,” the FTC filing reads. “Qualcomm further hampers those competitors by denying them the licenses it promised would be available on FRAND terms during standard- setting. And Qualcomm foreclosed its competitors from selling to a uniquely important customer, Apple, for half a decade using exclusive contracts.” Furthermore, several other companies have filed amicus briefs in support of the FTC. Most notably, Samsung on Friday expressed its support for the FTC’s statement, saying that the case should proceed and that it has also suffered from and been harmed by Qualcomm’s practices. Samsung accuses Qualcomm of refusing to “license its patents on fair, reasonable, and non-discriminatory terms.” Samsung goes on to explain that these actions prohibit it from making and selling its own licensed chipsets: “Because Qualcomm does not license [chipset] competitors, handset manufacturers have no choice but to accept Qualcomm’s onerous terms,” Samsung said. “Qualcomm directly excludes competitors and harms competition.” Additionally, Intel has also filed an amicus brief in support of the FTC, saying that Qualcomm has “driven nearly all of its competitors out of the premium LTE chipset market.” Earlier this month, it was reported that Qualcomm was seeking an iPhone import ban in the United States as Apple and its suppliers withhold some $1 billion in royalty payments. Tim Cook has publicly discussed being open to settling the legal dispute with Qualcomm, although he expects the legal battle to be a lengthy one. Chance Miller @ChanceHMiller Chance covers Apple for 9to5Mac and contributes to 9to5Google, Electrek, and 9to5Toys. He runs the weekly EduTech series. Tips, questions, typos to chance@9to5mac.com Favorite Gear Pioneer AppRadio 4 with CarPlay Dyson AM07 Tower Fan Levin 10-Port USB Charging Station Dock Guides Samsung View THe Guide Qualcomm View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Skip to content About Us Services Events Thought Leaders Contact Search Menu AI Big Data Cloud Computing Fintech Internet of Things Infosec Martech Search Search Menu AI Big Data Cloud Computing Fintech Internet of Things Infosec Martech Search PODCAST SESSIONS CloudTweaks has recently started the new podcast series. We've been actively recording sessions with many leading thought leaders covering hot topics such as Cloud security, Blockchain, Artificial intelligence and the Internet of Things... GET INVOLVED Live Hacking and Ransomware Tracking Maps Online May 14, 2017May 14, 2017 by CloudTweaks 75shares Hacking and Ransomware Tracking Maps We’ve recently covered a few live hacking maps but have decided to extend the list based on the recent ransomware activities with some additional Hacking and Ransomware Tracking Maps. Ransomware refers to malicious software that blocks access to a computer system until a ransom is paid. Recent problems experienced with Ransomware are evident from infections, which have occurred in 99 countries including China and Russia. The organization that was worst hit by the attack was the National Health Service in England. It was reported that there was a WannaCry programme that demanded a payment of $300 dollars paid in virtual currency Bitcoin for the files to be unlocked. The DDoS attack, which targeted the DNS service provider DYN led to approximately three hours of service outage. Various lessons can be learned following the threats that Ransomware present to organizations. Organizations should ensure adequate disaster preparation to neutralize dangers such as unique files being held hostage. Ransomware protection should also address the human element by ensuring expansive user training. Tracking Maps With live hacking maps, organizations can identify hacking attempts or cyber-attacks from different parts of the world as they happen. FIRE EYE Real time visualization of global cyber attacks. Displays the total number of detected daily attacks as well as the five most attacked industries for the past 30 days. The service lists detected attacks in real time and shows attacking and target country. AKAMAI Akamai monitors internet conditions globally around the clock. With the real-time data, it becomes possible to identify some of the global regions that are targets of great web attack traffic. NORSE Norse presents proactive security solutions, which helps to defend organizations against the advanced threats in the current world following the global ‘dark intelligence’ platform. With cyber-attacks becoming increasingly sophisticated in the modern world, it is important for organizations to ensure they have solutions to avoid the interruption of operations. INTEL MALWARETECH Intel Malwaretech enhances the visualization of maps that display geographical distribution of malware infection. It uses a live map that displays a blip whenever an infected computer pings the tracking servers. KASPERSKY CYBERMAP Malware detection flow visualization that uses Kaspersky data to show cyber threats discovered worldwide. It also displays botnet activity. Visitors can view cyber threat stats for a selected country. THREATBUTT Shows detected global cyber attacks in real time. Visitors can view the attacking and the target IP addresses. The website displays the type of malware used, including unknown malware. THREAT METRIX Threat Metrix provides a fairly unquie fraud detection map.  It offers a feed highlighting the origin of account takeover attempts, payment fraud and identity spoofing attempts around the world. DIGITAL ATTACK MAP Displays daily statistics on the large and unusual DDoS attacks all over the world. Visitors can view which countries are experiencing unusual high traffic of cyber attacks for a given day and sort attacks by type, duration, source port, and destination port. Real time and pause mode. THREAT CLOUD Real time visualization of worldwide cyber attacks showing both the attacking and target country, as well as the malware used for the specific attack. The website also counts the total number of daily cyber attacks worldwide. Visitors can view which are the most attacked countries and where from these attacks originate. By Glenn Blake Author About CloudTweaks Established in 2009, CloudTweaks is recognized as one of the leading authorities in cloud connected technology information and services. We embrace and instill thought leadership insights, relevant and timely news related stories, unbiased benchmark reporting as well as technology related infographics and comics. Categories Cloud Computing, Resources, Security Post navigation Customers Rapidly Adopting Oracle’s New Security Cloud Services Security The Unintended – and Intended – Consequences of Cloud Data Sovereignty Cloud Data Sovereignty It seems that everything has unintended consequences – whether positive or negative. Intended consequences are those that ... Combatting Malware in the Cloud Requires a New Way of Thinking Malware in the Cloud It’s no secret that cloud adoption has exploded in the enterprise over last few years. However, ... Space Invaders – Is That A Selfie Drone I See Before Me? Selfie Drone Privacy Issues The growing concept of privacy is one that I find very interesting and this is where ... The Internet of Attacks: Disturbing Online IoT Trends Disturbing Online IoT Trends If you thought the worst thing to come out of the Internet of Things (IoT) trend ... Cloud Competition Keeps Us On Our Toes Cloud Competition A recent study predicts the global cloud computing market will grow at a CAGR of approximately 27.5% in ... Disaster Recovery Strategies for Cloud Network Outages Disaster Recovery Strategies Today, many organizations rely on the cloud for database and application services, a safe, cost-effective, and operationally ... For Uber and Waymo’s Initiatives to Thrive, IoT Needs 4.5 Million Developers by 2020 IoT Developers Imagine it’s December, 2016, and you’re Uber boss Travis Kalanick. One of your self-driving Volvos in SF just ... Ransomware, Backups and the Aging IT Specialist Small Business Cloud Right now, two technology trends characterize the small business ecosystem: a growing migration to the cloud, and ... Cloud Services Are Vulnerable Without End-To-End Encryption End-To-End Encryption The growth of cloud services has been one of the most disruptive phenomena of the Internet era.  However, ... Follow the Lead: 5 Data Security Tips Small Businesses Should Mimic From Larger Enterprises Data Security Tips Small Businesses Should Mimic As more and more companies begin to switch to the cloud, cyber attacks ... Sponsors How Printers Help Hackers Hide In Plain Sight Printers and Hackers Spies and thieves often do their best work by hiding in plain sight. No one suspects the ... Viewing Digital Payments as a Boulevard of Commerce Digital Payments A boulevard is a wide street that runs in two directions and usually has a median in the ... The Many Hats Of Today’s IT Managers The Many Hats of IT Managers In years past, the IT department of most large organizations was much like a ... Thought Leadership Gary Gould Richard Thayer Aruna Ravichandran Scott Andersen Ronald van Loon Sarah Patrick Zohar Alon Richard Duffy Steven Job Allan Leinwand Steve Prentice John Pientka Daren Glenister Vineet Misra Evelyn de Souza Randy Battat Mykola Konrad Petteri Ihalainen Daniel Eberhard Larry Novak Vidya Phalke Mike d Kail Louis Columbus Nicholas Lee Dean Weich Kayla Matthews Rich Campagna Karin Ratchinsky Eric Wright Patrick Crowley Nick Earle Ulrik Bo Larsen Johan Christenson Brian Wheeler James Kessinger Contact Us CloudTweaks has provided a platform for thousands of thought leaders to share their voice over the past decade. We appreciate the support and for leading tech executives (CEO, CTO, CIO...) looking to commit, please feel free to contact us. Invalid Email Contact Us Message Sent! Message failed. Please try again. *Your personal information and privacy is fully respected Copyright © 2009-2017 · CloudTweaks Scroll back to top
Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home Internet Internet News Flipkart Big 10 Sale Begins, Promises ‘Lowest Price Ever’ on iPhone 7  Gadgets 360 Staff, 14 May 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Highlights Flipkart sale starts May 14 and ends May 18 Lowest price on iPhone 7, deep discounts on iPhone 6s, iPhone 5s promised The sale will also provide discounts on laptops, tablets, speakers etc. Flipkart has kick started its 4-day-long Big 10 Sale, with Day 1 offers on categories such as TVs & appliances, fashion & lifestyle, and home & furniture. If it is a smartphone, laptop, or speakers that you want, you will have to wait a day, as the Flipkart Big 10 Sale offers on mobile phones and other electronics will kick off tomorrow. The country’s biggest e-commerce marketplace will also be providing instant discounts and cashbacks on the certain payment modes. Plus there’s the Bid and Win offer that provides you the opportunity to bid for goods at “lowest-unique” prices. Here’s a look at what Flipkart is offering in its sale: Flipkart sale offers on mobile phones In the Amazon sale, iPhone 7 is available at Rs. 43,999, with additional exchange discount and cash back, but Flipkart promises to better the deal. While not mentioning the price explicitly, the e-commerce platform says it will offer “the lowest price ever” on the Apple flagship - so you are best advised to wait and see what Flipkart has to offer. Other Apple models, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6, and iPhone 5s, will also be selling at “the deepest discounts” in the Flipkart sale. Google Pixel will also be selling at Rs. 34,999, down Rs. 22,001 from its launch price of Rs. 57,000. The “biggest” Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 sale will be held on May 15, Monday as well, says Flipkart. Among Moto phones, the Moto G5 Plus with 4GB RAM will be sold for Rs. 14,999 (Rs. 1,000 flat discount, Rs. 1,000 exchange cashback) against its MRP of Rs. 16,999, while Moto E3 Power will be available for Rs. 6,999, a Rs. 1,000 discount. Moto G Turbo Edition will be up for grabs at Rs. 6,999 (flat Rs. 5,500 off), while Moto M can be purchased for Rs. 13,999 (MRP Rs. 15,999) in the Flipkart sale. Samsung Galaxy On5 (Rs. 8,390), Galaxy On7 (MRP Rs.8,490), Galaxy J5 (2016) (Rs. 10,990), and Galaxy On Nxt 64GB (MRP Rs. 16,900) will be available for Rs. 6,490, Rs. 7,499, Rs. 9,990, and Rs. 14,900 in the sale. The second day of the Flipkart sale will also be the launch pad for Panasonic P85, Panasonic Eluga Ray, and Sansui Horizon 2 smartphones. You can check out the complete list of other smartphone offers announced by the Flipkart. For smartphones on sale, Flipkart is offering the Buyback Guarantee programme, under which the company promises customers to enjoy a fixed discount rate when exchanging that smartphone within a certain period (6-8 months / 9-12 months); enrolling in the programme costs Rs. 399.  Flipkart offers on laptops, iPads, speakers, and more On the second day of the Flipkart sale, electronics will be available at up to 40 percent discounts, no-cost EMIs, and exchange offers. Intel Core i3 laptops will be available at starting price of Rs. 20,990, while i5 laptops will start at Rs. 37,990. There will be discounts and no-cost EMIs on iPads, exchange offer on Lenovo Phab 2, and flat discount on the Yoga Tab 3. JBL speakers, Sennheisser earphones, and DSLRs by Canon and Nikon will also be up for grabs at discounted prices, as well as similar offers on other products. Buyers in the Flipkart sale will get 10 percent instant discount on purchases made using HDFC credit cards (minimum purchase amount Rs. 6,499, maximum discount Rs. 1,500), while transactions made via the PhonePe platform will get 30 percent cashback (maximum cashback of Rs. 300). Those make purchases of Rs. 2,000 or more will get MakeMyTrip Hotels Gift Card worth Rs. 2,500, and top 10 shoppers who buy three or more products in an hour will win Rs. 500. There's another offer in which Flipkart will give customers who send wishes for its tenth anniversary gift cards worth up to Rs. 10,000; the winners of this contest will be announced on May 22. The top 20 shoppers in the sale period will win a trip abroad. The Bid and Win offer is also present in the Flipkart sale, and provides users the chance to make bids on certain products; the bid with unique and lowest amount will win, and the customer will have up to 48 hours to complete the purchase. See our primer on how the Bid and Win offer works. Flipkart’s Big 10 Sale, which marks a decade of the company being in operation, starts on the last of the Amazon Great Indian Sale, meaning back-to-back sales for consumers. The Flipkart sale will end on May 18. For the latest tech news and reviews, follow Gadgets 360 on Twitter, Facebook, and subscribe to our YouTube channel. Tags: Flipkart, Flipkart sale, Flipkart Big 10 Sale, iPhone 7, Google Pixel, Flipkart Deals, Flipkart Discounts Flipkart Big 10 Sale Day 1 Offers: Apple Watch, TVs, Google Chromecast 2, and More Deals WannaCry Ransomware: World Braces for More Cyber-Attacks as Work Week Begins Flipkart Big 10 Sale Begins, Promises ‘Lowest Price Ever’ on iPhone 7     Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets Latest Samsung Z4 Panasonic P85 Panasonic Eluga Ray Karbonn Aura 4G Sansui Horizon 2 ZTE Blade X Max Intex Aqua Crystal Plus Micromax Canvas 2 (2017) Asus ZenFone Go 5.5 (ZB552KL) Ziox Astra Colors 4G Coolpad Cool Play 6 Zen Admire Joy Intex Aqua A4 OnePlus 5 Oppo F3 Unihertz Jelly Smartron srt.phone Zopo Color M5 Videocon Krypton 22 Asus ZenFone Zoom S Popular Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S8+ Xiaomi Mi 6 Redmi 4A Moto G5 Plus Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Nokia 6 OnePlus 3T Xiaomi Redmi 3s Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) Xiaomi Redmi 4X Apple iPhone 6 OnePlus 5 Gadgets 360 Hindi फ्लिपकार्ट सेलः इन स्मार्टफोन पर है बंपर छूट, और भी हैं ऑफर शाओमी रेडमी 3एस ने बनाया एक अनोखा कीर्तिमान जियोफाइबर ऑफरः 100 एमबीपीएस की स्पीड से 100 जीबी डेटा मुफ्त Latest Videos 02:58 Nokia Phones Likely to Arrive in India in June, Flipkart BuyBack Guarantee, and More 02:32 Daily 360: Xiaomi Redmi 4 and Micromax Canvas 2 (2017) Launch Details and More 03:51 Samsung Galaxy S8 Gaming Performance Review 02:37 The Best Keyboard App for Android and iPhone 02:35 Honor 8 Lite First Look More Videos» OPINIONS ALL AUTHORS Rishi Alwani Google Pixel Now With Rs. 13,000 Cashback but Is It Worth It? Gopal Sathe Amazon's Fire TV Stick is here, but the Indian Apps Just Don't Seem Ready Akhil Arora When You're Facebook, You're Never Late to the Game Advertisement Advertisement Recent Snapdeal-Flipkart Deal May Leave Staff Richer by Rs. 193 Crores Nintendo to Release The Legend of Zelda for Android and iOS: Report You May Soon Need to Answer Questions to Join a Facebook Group Supreme Court Constitution Bench to Hear WhatsApp User Data Case Today Flipkart Sale Day 2 Offers: Xiaomi Redmi Note 4, Vivo V5 Plus, and More Moto's Entire Smartphone Lineup for 2017 Gets Leaked, With Few Surprises CERT-In Issues Red Alert Over WannaCry Ransomware Cyber-Attack What Is WannaCry, and Everything Else You Need to Know About It Netflix No Longer Officially Available on Rooted Android Devices Apple Buys AI Firm Lattice Data, Reportedly for Nearly $200 Million More News TRENDING What Is WannaCry, and Everything Else You Need to Know About It Flipkart Sale Day 2 Offers: Xiaomi Redmi Note 4, Vivo V5 Plus, and More Flipkart Sale: iPhone 7, Moto G5 Plus, Google Pixel, and Other Best Deals Jio Broadband Tests, Amazon and Flipkart Sales, and More News This Week Moto's Entire Smartphone Lineup for 2017 Gets Leaked, With Few Surprises World Braces for More Ransomware Cyber-Attacks as Work Week Begins Panasonic Eluga Ray, P85 With 4000mAh Battery Launched in India Netflix No Longer Officially Available on Rooted Android Devices Microsoft Slams US Government's Practice of Hoarding Vulnerabilities Moto G5 Plus Review Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Tech & Trend Flipkart Big 10 Sale: Top lucrative deals on mobiles, TVs, home appliances, books, fashion and more As part of Big 10 Sale, Flipkart is offering close to 90 percent off on mobiles (Apple iPhone 7 & Google Pixel series), Canon DSLR cameras, Samsung , LG smart TVs, washing machines, furniture, fashion apparels and more. Rohit KVN   May 14, 2017 11:04 IST Flipkart Big 10 Sale: Top crazy deals on mobiles, TVs, home appliances, books to fashionFlipkart via Twitter (screen-shot) Home-bred e-commerce giant Flipkart has kicked off a new mega promotional campaign, Big 10 Sale, offering lucrative deals and discounts up to 90 percent on smartphones, TVs, home appliances, books, fashion and others sundries. Flipkart Big 10 sale went live on Sunday (May 14) early morning and will conclude later this week on May 18. Apart from flat discounts, Flipkart is also offering additional 10 percent cash discounts for HDFC credit/debit card holders. Check out the pick of the deals below. TVs & Appliances (May 14-18): Vu 80cm (32) HD Ready LED TV - prices ranges from Rs.17000 to Rs. 12,499 and Flipkart will offer up to Rs.8000 off on exchange and also no cost EMI (via Bajaj Fin services) Micromax 109cm (43) Ultra HD (4K) Smart LED TV- prices ranges from Rs.91,990 to Rs. 32,999 with upto Rs. 12,000 off on exchange and no cost EMI on (Bajaj Fin services) 29% off on LG 108cm (43) Full HD Smart LED TV (43LH576T, 2 x HDMI, 1 x USB). Price: Rs. 35,999 (against MRP: Rs.50,999) and up to Rs. 12,000 additional discount via exchange deal Sansui 1.5 Ton 5 Star Split AC can be bought for Rs. 22,999 against MRP: Rs. 28,990 at No Cost EMI IFB Diva 6kg Fully Automatic Front Load Washing Machine for Rs. 19,999 (against MRP : Rs. 22,990) with 12-Month No Cost EMI and up to Rs. 4,000 off via exchange deal Samsung 253L Frost Free Refrigerator- Just Rs. 18,999 (against MRP : Rs. 22,150) with 12-Month No Cost EMI amd close to to Rs. 3,200 off on exchange deal Check (here) for more deals on TVs & appliances deals. Enjoy massive discounts on Flipkart's Big 10 sale starting today at midnight (12:00 am, 14 May) Flipkart Big 10 Sale Mobiles deals (May 15-18): Rs. 1,000 off on Moto E3 Power (new: Rs. 6,999) and close to Rs. 6,500 off on exchange Rs. 2,000 off on Moto G5 Plus (4GB RAM) via exchange deal Flat Rs. 2,000 off on Moto M (4GB RAM+ 64GB). New Price: Rs. 13,999 Lenovo K5 note (4GB RAM+ 64GB) will be available for Rs. 11,499 and up to Rs. 10,500 off on exchange Samsung Galaxy On5 and the On7 will be offered for Rs. 6,490 and Rs. 7,990, respectively Flat Rs. 13,001 off on Google Pixel (will be available for Rs. 34,999 and buyers can also avail additional Rs. 9,000 cash discount via exchange deal) Apart from discounts, Flipkart will also be hosting the biggest ever Redmi Note 4 Sale on May 15. However, there is no word on how many units will be up for grabs. Flipkart has also promised that on May 15 onwards, it will offer Apple iPhone 7 series at lowest prices ever in India. Check (here) for other mobiles deals. Flipkart Big 10 Sale offers on smart fitness trackers and watches (May 14-18): Samsung Gear Fit 2 can be grabbed for Rs. 6,990. You can get your hands on Titan Juxt Pro for Rs.9,995. Fossil Smartwatches (Marshall and Q Founder) is being offered for Rs. 13,295. Asus Zenwatch 2 is available for Rs. 7,900. Flipkart Big 10 Sale offers up to 40 % off on key electronics & accessories (May 15-18): You can grab Canon EOS 1300D DSLR Camera (Body with EF-S 18 - 55 IS II) (Black) for just Rs.21,990 You get your hands on GoPro Hero 5 for Rs. 32,300 and standard GoPro for Rs. 30,400 Besides 40 % off on electronics goods, Flipkart is giving away additional discount of Rs. 4,000 on Intel Core i3 Laptops. Price starts at Rs.20,990. You can own Ipro 10400 mAh Power Bank for just Rs. 499. Check (here) for more deals on consumer electronics Flipkart Big 10 sale offers up to 90% off on Fashion (May 14-18): Flipkart is offering close to 90% off on Men's Fashion and sports apparel brands- Reebok, Lee, Fastrack, Benetton & more And also on Women's Fashion apparel brands such as - Vero Moda, Aurelia, Lavie, Catwalk & more Check (here) for more fashion deals Flipkart Big 10 Sale offers on home & furniture (May 14-18): You can get La-Z-Boy Recliner for just Rs. 25,999 Bombay Dyeing Bedsheets can be bought for Rs. 499 Check (here) for other home & furniture deals Other deals offered on Flipkart Big 10 Sale include (May 14-18): Flat 80% off on Harry Potter & the Cursed Child book series Four-container Lunch Boxes from popular brands at Rs. 50 only Flat 90% off on select range of Philips Headphones (lowest priced is just Rs.149) Watch this space for latest news on Flipkart Related HMD Global tipped to host Nokia mobiles' India launch event in June first week HTC U (aka Ocean) coming with game-changing camera hardware Xiaomi Redmi 4 India release date officially revealed Also read Xiaomi India's first ever Mi Home store debuts in Bengaluru Apple iPhone 8 design language, camera details revealed in CAD video Post Comment IBT TV Close Vodafone Foundation helps save mothers’ and children’s lives in one of the world’s worst HIV hotspots Why advertise with us? Latest News Flipkart Big 10 Sale's top deals on Apple iPhone 7, Google Pixel, Xiaomi Redmi Note 4, Moto G5 series and more 1 hour ago By Rohit KVN GTA 5: The Last of Us mod showcased in full graphic detail [Video] 19 hours ago By Vinod Yalburgi Why advertise with us? most popular Flipkart Big 10 Sale: Top 10 deals and discounts you cannot miss As part of its Big 10 sales, Flipkart is offering up to 90% discounts on some select products starting 14 May through 18 May. Tizen 3.0-powered Samsung Z4 set for release in India soon The company has confirmed that the Tizen 3.0-powered Samsung Z4 will be first released in India soon. Motorola's Moto X4 aka Moto X (2017) in the offing? Motorola's upcoming device is said to be Moto X series called Moto X4 and not Moto X (2017) as speculated earlier. Flipkart Big 10 Sale vs Amazon Great Indian Sale: Top 30 smartphone deals you must check out Smartphone shoppers can check out the best offers on Amazon and Flipkart during their big sales. Amazon Great Indian Sale day 3: Offers under Rs. 500 you cannot miss Amazon Great Indian Sale has entered the third day, and this is your final chance to buy products at amazing discounts before the offers end on May 14. Here's why Samsung Galaxy S8, OnePlus 5, iPhone 8 buyers should watch out for Moto X 2017 Moto X 2017 is expected to feature dual camera, fingerprint scanner, AI integration and more. How to verify if the phone you are buying was stolen Here's a simple trick to check if the phone you are buying was stolen or genuine. Researcher discovers 'Kill Switch' for WannaCry ransomware, but crisis isn't over; here's what to do The cybercriminals behind the WannaCry ransomware attack were not smart enough to hide a sloppy mistake, which helped a young security researcher find a "kill switch." Photo Gallery Brie Bella shares Adorable pictures of Newborn daughter Birdy Brie Bella shares Adorable pictures of Newborn daughter Birdy. Happy Mother's Day 2017: Best quotes, messages, wishes, picture greetings to share with your mom Happy Mother's Day 2017: Best quotes, messages, wishes, picture greetings to share with your mom. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Site Navigation Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Digital Trends Home > Computing > These five solid state drives will help you go… These five solid state drives will help you go faster on any budget By Tyler Lacoma — Updated May 14, 2017 8:11 am Subscribe Share Bill Roberson/Digital Trends Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Get today's popular Digital Trends articles in your inbox: Looking for a massive upgrade to your computer storage? We probably don’t have to tell you about the lightning-fast speeds that solid state drives provide: The best SSD options are now bigger, more affordable, and more compatible than ever, which makes this a good time to buy. If you’re looking for a storage option that also comes with a significant speed boost, we have the top options in several different price ranges for you to consider. Note on hard drive capacity: Some companies quote capacity after overhead, and others before. This leads to uneven rounding practices, and explains why you see some drives at 256GB and some at 250GB. Even then, it’s rare for a drive to have exactly its stated capacity, though variance is generally less than 10GB. Under $150: Samsung 850 EVO 250GB ($108) This 2.5-inch SSD gets a lot of attention as a broadly excellent upgrade choice for a variety of needs. Samsung has plenty of experience creating solid state drives, and the 850 EVO is one of the best SSD products yet, combining both simplicity and quality performance. The interface for this drive is SATA 6Gb/s, with a sequential read speed of 540 megabytes per second and a write speed of 520 MB/s. Reviews have shown it to be one of the quickest SATA drives available. Like most of the SSDs on our list, the Evo comes in several different size options ranging from 120GB to 2TB of storage, with costs varying accordingly. We picked the 250GB version for a couple reasons. It’s a good size for an all-purpose SSD designed for the general user, and it provides a widely-shared base storage number to help you compare it with other models. While MSRP says the drives cost $100 and $150, don’t worry — this model is frequently available just under $100, making it the best option for an SSD under $100. Buy it now from: Amazon Best Buy Walmart Under $200: Samsung 850 Pro 256GB ($150) Get used to the Samsung models, because they keep getting top marks in multiple price ranges. The 850 Pro gets praise as an ideal upgrade for a performance-focused computer made for games or entertainment. It utilizes Samsung’s 3D V-NAND memory — it’s the first in Samsung’s library of SSDs to use it — interfaces via SATA III, and has a sequential read speed up to 550 MB/s and a write speed up to 520 MB/s. Except for a few data format differences, you may think this model isn’t much different from the Evo we just talked about. But those data differences add up to a generally faster, slightly more capacious model that’s a better fit for high-end computers – and very attractive in light of falling prices that help make the Pro and Evo more direct competitors. The 850 Pro comes with options ranging from 128GB to 2TB. Again, the 256GB model, which can be found between $150 and $160, stood out as a well-rounded option. Buy it now from: Amazon Best Buy Walmart Under $300: Western Digital Blue 1TB SSD ($280) This is another great SSD model that gets frequent recommendations for upgraders and has our full support. Note that we picked the 1TB for more robust storage options, but there are three different sizes available depending on your needs. It’s available in SATA or M.2 configurations, and two smaller sizes — 256GB and 512GB. The Western Digital Blue 1TB SATA version offers sequential read speeds up to 488 MB/s and write speeds up to 520 MB/s. It’s not exactly the fastest drive on the market, but it’s quick enough to keep up with most users, especially for such a killer price. Read our full review Buy it now from: Amazon Under $400: Samsung 950 Pro 512GB ($324) If you need more space than a few hundred GBs and are interested in a high-quality, forward-looking SSD, we highly recommend the 950 Pro 512GB from Samsung. Some of the specs are indeed similar to the 850 Pro model, including 3D V-NAND, but the differences are stark. The 950 gets sequential read speeds up to 2,500 megabytes per second and write speeds up to 1,500 MB/s, making it one of the best SSD options in terms of speed. Samsung also claims that it is 1.5 times more power efficient than the 850 model. Why such a big difference between the two models? This is the first M.2 PCI Express-only model on our list. Replacing SATA with this newer interface allows for a bundle of new tricks, including better performance for certain types of data and greater compatibility with cutting edge protocols designed to increase efficiency. Of course, you should make sure that your computer can handle M.2 PCI Express attachments before jumping on the 950. Support will be dependent on your motherboard. Buy it now from: Amazon B&H Adorama Any Price: Intel 750 Series 1.2TB ($900) While we mentioned PCI Express, we haven’t yet talked about NVMe, or Non-Volatile Memory Express. It’s a very similar connection standard that uses the same physical interface, but also adds additional features specifically for storage purposes. The Intel 750 SSD shows off the advantages of this approach with its flexible installation options and high speeds. This is obviously going to make the drive extra fast — in ideal scenarios, it can exceed transfer speeds of two gigabytes per second — but the high-end SSD has other advantages, too. One of the most interesting is the choice between add-in card and 2.5-inch form factors, which allow you to pick a design that fits your upgrade plans and current drive standards. The lightning speeds and compatibility of the card put it on the top of our list, but you’ll have to pay at least $1,000 for the 1TB model. Just make sure you really want it! Read our full review Buy it now from: Amazon
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: James Comey Donald Trump ObamaCare Just In... Chelsea Manning to remain on active duty after prison release Blog Briefing Room — 4h 52m ago Washington lawmaker’s wife dies Blog Briefing Room — 5h 53m ago Microsoft calls for end of government hacking techniques Cybersecurity — 6h 5m ago Preet Bharara asks: Will public servants say no to a president? News — 6h 8m ago GOP mega-donor Adelson 'furious' over Tillerson's Israel comments: report Blog Briefing Room — 6h 28m ago N. Korea claims missile could carry nuclear warhead International — 6h 35m ago FBI investigator warns: 'We're not done with the bin Ladens yet' National Security — 6h 56m ago Comey in 2014: FBI must 'maintain independence from political forces' Administration — 7h 14m ago view all   Sunday shows preview: Comey fallout continues as replacement interviews kick off By Mallory Shelbourne - 05/13/17 08:55 PM EDT 22   © Getty As the fallout from President Trump’s firing of FBI Director James Comey continues, several Cabinet officials will appear on the Sunday show circuit, though the lineup does not include an individual from the White House press shop. The Administration began interviews for Comey's replacement on Saturday, talking with eight candidates for the role. Both Democratic and Republican lawmakers have expressed concern over Trump’s decision to fire Comey last Tuesday. The White House, which has offered varying reasons for Comey’s dismissal, will not be sending a member from its communications department to make the rounds on this week’s shows. ADVERTISEMENT “Even Fox News is having trouble getting WH surrogate for Sunday shows: ‘They're not answering the phone,’ Chris Wallace says of press shop,” a reporter from Bloomberg News wrote on Twitter. Trump on Tuesday sent shockwaves through Washington when he fired Comey, who was leading the FBI’s probe into Russia’s attempts to interfere in the U.S. presidential election and any possible ties between Trump campaign staff and Russia. Here is the full lineup: ABC’s “This Week”: Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley and former Director of National intelligence are slated to appear. Sen. Mark WarnerMark WarnerWarner: Senate Intel Committee would 'love' Comey to testify in open hearing Flynn subpoena sets up battle between White House, Congress Democrat Senator warns of poor 'outcome' for past secret Oval Office tapes MORE (D-Va.), the vice chair of the Senate Intelligence Committee, which is conducting the probe into Russia’s meddling in the United States presidential election, will also be on the show. “Fox News Sunday”: Warner and Sen. Mike LeeMike LeeRival Senate healthcare group seeks to make waves GOP senator defends Sessions's role in finding next FBI director Sunday shows preview: Comey fallout continues as replacement interviews kick off MORE (R-Utah) will both be on the show this week. CNN’s “State of the Union”: Senate Minority Leader Chuck SchumerCharles SchumerSchumer: Block new FBI director until special prosecutor on Russia is appointed Sunday shows preview: Comey fallout continues as replacement interviews kick off The Hill's 12:30 Report MORE (D-N.Y.) will be on the show this week, as will former director of national intelligence James Clapper. CBS’s “Face the Nation”: Rep. Adam SchiffAdam SchiffSchiff: We don't know if we can believe Trump Flynn subpoena sets up battle between White House, Congress Sunday shows preview: Comey fallout continues as replacement interviews kick off MORE (D-Calif.), the ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee, which is investigating Russia’s attempts to meddle in the United States presidential election, is scheduled to be on the show. Sen. Ben Sasse (R-Neb.) and former Secretary of Defense Robert Gates will also appear. NBC’s “Meet the Press”: Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will be on the show, as will Sens. Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.) and Lindsey GrahamLindsey GrahamGraham: We can't go forward as a nation 'until we punish Russia' GOP senator: Trump needs to 'back off' Russian investigation, stop tweeting Sunday shows preview: Comey fallout continues as replacement interviews kick off MORE (R-S.C.).   Tags Russia Lindsey Graham Chuck Schumer Adam Schiff Mark Warner Mike Lee   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Preet Bharara tweets: Trump did... Preet Bharara, a former U.S. attorney who was fired by President Trump,... 206 Shares 2 Trump's Comey firing sets off new... President Trump is besieged by internal leaks as he tries to weather the... 159 Shares 3 Clapper notes 'curious pattern' of... Former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said there is a “... 154 Shares 4 The Memo: Dangers ahead for Trump... President Trump and his team are deeply entangled in the controversy over... 148 Shares 5 Good riddance to James Comey,... OPINION | Donald Trump is a shrewd political actor. He saw through Comey... 127 Shares 6 Flynn subpoena sets up battle... The Senate Intelligence Committee’s subpoena of Michael Flynn’s private... 108 Shares 7 Rival Senate healthcare group... A rival group of Republican senators is seeking leverage to influence the... 105 Shares 8 Sean Spicer latest target for... The rumor mill in Washington is working overtime on how long White House... 90 Shares 9 GOP mega-donor Adelson 'furious'... GOP mega-donor Sheldon Adelson is reportedly furious at Secretary of State... 75 Shares 10 Falwell: Trump gave 'best... Jerry Falwell Jr., the president of Liberty University, on Sunday praised... 58 Shares 11 Comey willing to testify, but only... James Comey is willing to speak to Congress following his sudden dismissal... 50 Shares 12 Tillerson responds to McCain: ‘I... Secretary of State Rex Tillerson responded to Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.)... 49 Shares 13 Dem senator: Trump administration... A top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee said Sunday that it... 49 Shares 14 Trump considering staff shake-up:... President Trump is reportedly weighing a shake-up in his administration.... 48 Shares 15 Trump threatens Comey: Better hope... President Trump on Friday morning issued a cryptic threat to fired FBI... 48 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Skip to content SOUND BOOKS FUN TOYS …and, of course, everyone knows fun rules. YOUTUBE Search for... Search Menu View Widgets Home Blog Look Listen Learn Games About ◕‿◕ Minecraft for Nintendo Switch the Best Version – Time Magical Moments | Mickey Mouse Clubhouse: Road Rally | Disney Junior UK Magical Moments | The Lion Guard: The Jackals | Disney Junior UK Magical Moments | Doc McStuffins: Lala’s First Check-Up | Disney Junior UK Five Game Of Thrones Spinoffs–Not Four–Are In The Works Search: Search for... Search New in Store National Lampoons Class Reunion (DVD, 2000) Horror Comedy OOP Anchor Bay James Pond DS Codename Robocod Nintendo DS Game COMPLETE Pom Poko DVD Raccoon Anime Disney Studio Ghibli Movie Iron Man and X-O Manowar in Heavy Metal Playstation 1 Game PS1 COMPLETE Marvel Disney's Cinderella DVD Disc 2 Bonus Features Disc (Missing Disc 1) SEGA Game Tips VHS Post Cereal Box Premium RARE 90's Genesis Game Gear Promo Advertisements Best PC Hardware Deals Of The Week http://ifttt.com/images/no_image_card.png It’s yet another week to hunt for deals on PC hardware and components, and we’re here to help find a few of the best online. If you’re looking out for a decent monitor, beefy power supply, or spacious solid-state drive, be sure to jump on these offers before they expire or sell out. Big ticket items such as the GTX 1070 video card from Gigabyte and a 144Hz monitor from Acer can also be snagged at a discount. If you’ve found any other great deals we missed, please let us know in the comments below; sharing is caring! Gigabyte GeForce GTX 1070 – $369.99 From Newegg The GTX 1070 is a terrific mid-high range graphics card capable of handling modern games with maximum quality settings at 1440p. It’s even powerful enough to do 4K in some games while pumping out playable frame rates. This particular model from Gigabyte has a dual fan cooler and an overclocking mode that’ll boost the core clock to 1771 MHz. ADATA Ultimate SU800 512GB SSD (3D NAND SATA III) – $135.30 (promo code: EMCRFBD32) From Newegg Prices for solid-state drives continue to fluctuate, but this 512GB model from ADATA is one of the better deals right now, especially for the amount of storage. If you’re still using hard disk drives exclusively, now would be a good time to make the jump for faster storage. Be sure to use the promo code to swoop this up for cheap. Cooler Master Hyper 212 LED CPU Cooler – $19.99 From Newegg Cooler Master’s Hyper 212 CPU coolers are regarded as some the best air coolers for the price. This particular model is equipped with a red LED fan, but still sports the design and efficiency of other Hyper 212 coolers. It’s a great upgrade if you’re still using stock coolers on your Intel or AMD processors. Take note, the Hyper 212 is not compatible with AMD Ryzen’s AM4 socket designs. EVGA SuperNOVA 850 Watt Modular Power Supply, 80 Plus Gold – $93.55 From Walmart The SuperNOVA from EVGA provides plenty of juice for most systems with its 850 watts and 80 Plus Gold certification. This power supply would fit perfectly for multi-GPU setups. It’s also modular, which will benefit the cable management process. ECO Mode helps keep fan noise down during low-load operation and increases power efficiency. Acer GN27HL 27-inch 144Hz Monitor – $259.99 (promo code: 513514WKSE39) From Newegg Acer is known for manufacturing reliable and affordable monitors, and the GN27HL is yet another. It’s a high-refresh rate 27-inch display with a one millisecond response time and native resolution of 1080p. If you really want to take advantage of the 144Hz refresh rate, make sure you’re equipped with a video card capable of pumping out high frame rates at 1080p. Don’t forget to use the promo code to get it for this price. Logitech G602 Wireless Mouse – $39.99 From Best Buy The G602 wireless mouse from Logitech seems to be on sale quite often, but that doesn’t mean it’s still not a great deal for this price. It takes on the design of the highly regarded G502 gaming mouse with deep grooves, 11 programmable buttons, and on-the-fly sensitivity switching. It also has extensive battery life with several power modes. Vía https://www.gamespot.com/articles/best-pc-hardware-deals-of-the-week/1100-6450018/ Advertisements Save or Share Click to print (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Related Posted on 1 day ago By soundbooksfuntoys GAMES Posted in GAMES Tagged #Best PC Hardware Deals Of The Week, GAMES, new games Post navigation Next Post Was Mass Effect: Andromeda Unfairly Torn Apart by the Internet? Previous Post The Truth About Maleficent Advertisements Home Blog Look Listen Learn Games About ◕‿◕ MORE Animate Best Animated Films Blog Contact Film Games Learn LISTEN🎵 LOOK👀 CTRL + D to bookmark this site Search this site Search for... Search A simple and free way to support! YOUTUBE Create a website or blog at WordPress.com
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Education More... MultimediaScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Science Travel 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Technology Last Modified: Mon, May 15 2017. 10 58 AM IST Gadget deals to look out for in Flipkart’s Big 10 Sale shopping festival Flipkart.com is offering discounts, exchange offers and cashbacks on smartphones, TVs, laptops and wearables in another round of summer sales Subscribe to our newsletter. Abhijit Ahaskar After Amazon’s 4-day Great Indian Sale last week, it is now Flipkart’s shopping event called Big 10 Sale (it will run from 14-18 May) New Delhi: After Amazon’s 4-day Great Indian Sale last week, it is now Flipkart’s shopping event called Big 10 Sale (it will run from 14-18 May). In addition to flat discounts, exchange offers, there is an instant discount offer of up to Rs1,500 on payments made with HDFC Bank credit cards and cashback of up to Rs300 on purchases made using the PhonePe mobile payment wallet. Most of the deals in electronics have been around smartphones so far. Here are some of the top deals you can consider. One of the top deals of the Big 10 Sale is the 23% flat discount on the 32GB storage variant of the iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone 7 Plus Rs54,999 (earlier Rs72,000) One of the top deals of the Big 10 Sale is the 23% flat discount on the 32GB storage variant of the iPhone 7 Plus. The deal is only valid on black, gold and silver colour options. There is an exchange offer on old smartphones and one can save up to Rs20,000 more on it. The iPhone 7 Plus still remains one of the best big-screen smartphones around. It has a 5.5-inch (1,920x1,080p) Retina display, is powered by Apple’s powerful A10 chipset, runs iOS 10.3.1 and has dual cameras. Flipkart is offering a flat discount of 22% on the 32GB storage variant of the Google Pixel smartphone Google Pixel Rs43,999 (earlier Rs57,000) Flipkart is offering a flat discount of 22% on the 32GB storage variant of the Google Pixel smartphone. There is an exchange offer too, which can save buyers up to Rs29,000 more. The Pixel has a 5-inch (1,920x1,080p) display and is powered by Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 chip with 4GB RAM. Its key highlight is that it runs Android 7.1 and is likely to get all Android updates on time. It is available in black and silver colours. After a direct discount of 27%, Lenovo Phab 2 is selling at Rs7,999. Lenovo Phab 2 Rs7,999 (earlier Rs10,999) If you are looking for a truly big-screen smartphone, the Phab 2 is the most affordable option right now. After a direct discount of 27%, this smartphone with a 6.4-inch (1,280x720p) display is selling at Rs7,999. You can also get up to Rs7,500 off on exchange. The Phab 2 comes in gunmetal grey and champagne gold colours and has a metal finish. It runs on MediaTek’s entry-level MT8735 chipset with 3GB RAM and a 4,050mAh battery. It has 32GB internal storage and supports microSD cards of up to 128GB. There is a flat discount of 23% on the 42mm grey colour variant of the first-generation Apple Watch Apple Watch (42 mm; Series 1) Rs19,900 (Earlier Rs25,900) There is a flat discount of 23% on the 42mm grey colour variant of the first-generation Apple Watch. Its case is made of aluminium and has a water-resistant coating over it. The 1.65-inch OLED Retina display supports touch. The watch can also track your activity, steps and heart rate. It runs Apple’s Watch OS and works with all Apple iPhones that came after iPhone 5 and run iOS 10 and above. Vu’s 49-inch Ultra HD LED TV has a 23% flat discount on it. Vu (50) Ultra HD (4K) Smart LED TV Rs48,999 (earlier Rs64,000) Vu’s 49-inch Ultra HD LED TV has a 23% flat discount on it. Buyers can get up to Rs22,000 off on exchange with older TVs. This makes it one of the most affordable TVs with 4K resolution you can buy right now. It is also a smart TV so you can run 4K content directly through Amazon Prime, Netflix or YouTube. Its display has a brightness level of 450 Nits and refresh rate of 50 Hz. There is a direct discount of 11% on the Dell Inspiron 3467. Dell Inspiron 3467 Notebook Rs29,990 (earlier Rs33,990) There is a direct discount of 11% on the Dell Inspiron 3467. It runs Windows 10 and comes pre-loaded with one-year free subscription of MS Office Student 2016 edition and 15-month free subscription of McAfee anti-virus. It is powered by Intel’s 6th Gen Core i3 Processor with 4GB RAM and offers 1TB HDD. The 14-inch LED display has a resolution of 1,366x768p. The notebook has all the connectivity options such as LAN port, HDMI, USB 3.0 and optical drive. The recently launched 1TB variant of the Sony PlayStation 4 Slim is selling at a discount of 9% Sony PlayStation 4 Slim Rs29,990 (earlier Rs32,990) The recently launched 1TB variant of the Sony PlayStation 4 Slim is selling at a discount of 9%. The gaming console comes with a wireless controller and a set of five games such as Uncharted series and The Last of Us Remastered. The PS4 Slim runs on the same AMD Jaguar octa-core processor and AMD Radeon Graphics used in the original PS4, but has lower power consumption. Abhijit Ahaskar Topics: Flipkart sale Apple iPhone 7 Plus Google pixel smartphones Apple watch More From Livemint READ MORE Four new judges take oath in Delhi high court Kulbhushan Jadhav case: India, Pakistan clash at International Court of Justice today Ransomware attack should be wake-up call for governments: Microsoft First Published: Mon, May 15 2017. 10 57 AM IST Editor's Picks ‘Indian IT firms to layoff up to 2 lakh engineers annually for next 3 years’ Govt issues critical alert over ransomware Is ‘Make in India’ beginning to bear fruit? Latest News Kulbhushan Jadhav case: India, Pakistan clash at International Court of Justice today Ransomware attack should be wake-up call for governments: Microsoft News in Numbers: Rs11,725 crore to be spent on roads to connect 44 Naxal-hit districts Indian Railways to install 19,000 CCTV cameras at 900 stations to ensure security ICSE Class 10 results 2017 likely today, how to check results online at cisce.org Mint On Sunday The amazing adventures of Dadasaheb Phalke Naxals and their international counterparts Between a mercenary and a missionary A bra that fits? Letter from... Thrissur Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Acer Australia reports AU$3.2m profit for 2016 The Taiwanese electronics company has turned around its AU$3.6 million loss in 2015 to a AU$3.2 million profit in 2016. By Tas Bindi | May 15, 2017 -- 01:55 GMT (18:55 PDT) | Topic: Hardware Acer Computer Australia has reported after-tax profit of AU$3.2 million for the full year ended December 31, 2016, turning around the AU$3.6 million loss reported in the previous year. The Taiwanese electronics company did not break down figures according to business, but reported that revenue rose 10.4 percent from AU$275.9 million in 2015 to AU$304.6 million in 2016. Latest Australian news CVC pricing has nothing to do with NBN user experience: Morrow NBN complaints double again; telco complaints jump by 30 percent: TIO Roadshow targeting additional websites in piracy case Telstra 4G used in disaster management drone trial Lawyers and insurers set for data breach payday Cash and cash equivalents increased 84 percent to AU$33.1 million in 2016, compared to the AU$18 million reported in the previous year. By the close of 2016, Acer had spent AU$21.8 million on salaries and employee benefits, a slight drop from the AU$23 million reported in the previous year. As of December 31, 2016, Acer and its entities employed 95 staff. The electronics company also paid AU$1.7 million in income tax in 2016, lower than the AU$2.4 million paid in 2015. For the first quarter of 2017, Acer Group reported global after-tax profit of NT$62,605, a 35 percent increase from the $46,123 reported in the previous year, but a 98.9 percent decline from the NT$5.7 million reported in the fourth quarter of 2016. Global revenue reached NT$56.1 million in Q1 2017, a 0.5 percent drop from the NT$56.3 million reported in the previous year, and 9.1 percent lower than the NT$61.7 million reported in Q4 2016. Europe, the Middle East, and Africa (EMEA) remained Acer's top markets, accounting for 43 percent of its NT$52.8 million hardware revenue, while Asia Pacific accounted for 32 percent and America accounted for 25 percent. Notebook PCs including detachable 2-in-1s remained the Taiwanese company's most popular product in Q1 2017, accounting for 65 percent of its total hardware revenue, while Android tablets, smartphones, and accessories accounted for 7 percent. Desktop PCs dropped three percentage points in a year to 15 percent in Q1 2017. Acer last month unveiled the Windows 10 Switch 5 2-in-1, featuring its fanless cooling system, a stylus, fingerprint reader, and Intel's latest Core processors. The Switch 5, starting at $799 in the US and €1,099 in Europe, is the Taiwanese electronics maker's successor to last year's Switch Alpha 12, which introduced Acer's fanless cooling system. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Hardware Build a VR headset from an iPhone or Android smartphone for only $7 iPhone Speed up your sluggish iPhone or iPad Tech Industry Gorilla Glass maker Corning receives $200 million from Apple Storage How to securely erase any hard drive, SSD, flash drive, iPhone, iPad or Android device × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Share 355 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-05-14 SNL’s Amazon Echo Silver Skit Attempts To Poke Fun At Older People, Shows Good Smart Speaker Concept Instead Entertainment, News 2017-05-14 ‘Ellen DeGeneres Show’: Nicole Kidman Spitting Out Chef’s Food, Rude Or Just A Harmless Joke? Entertainment 2017-05-14 Kelly Clarkson Chooses Between ‘The Voice’ And ‘American Idol’ Entertainment 2017-05-14 Freeform’s ‘Baby Daddy’ Canceled Or Renewed? Will The Season 6 Finale Be Its Last? News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News Opinion 2017-05-15 Dear Liberals: It’s Not Us, It’s You [Opinion] News 2017-05-14 Ivanka Trump: Just Where Is Donald Trump’s Daughter During His Most Recent White House Crisis? [Opinion] News 2017-05-14 Black Lives Matter Activists Are Reuniting Families This Mother’s Day Through ‘Free Black Mamas’ Campaign News 2017-05-14 FBI Offering $10 Million Reward For Information On Leader Of al-Nusrah Terrorist Group Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-05-15 Did CM Punk Really Sell More Merchandise Than John Cena? Basketball 2017-05-15 Are The Big Baller Brand’s ZO2 Prime Good For Basketball, Sneaker Culture? [Opinion] Baseball 2017-05-15 Recent Success Leaves Dodgers With What Appears To Be 90’s Nostalgia [Opinion] Baseball 2017-05-15 Derek Jeter Night Quickly Overtaken By Springer, Astros Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-05-11 Today Is National Eat What You Want Day! Here’s How To Score Free Food Lifestyle 2017-05-09 Mother’s Day 2017: Six Cool Last-Minute Gifts To Give Mom Lifestyle 2017-05-05 What Is Cinco De Mayo Really About? Avocados And Beer Lifestyle 2017-05-04 What Is Cinco De Mayo And Why Does It Mean Avocados Are More Expensive? Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-05-14 Cholera Outbreak: 115 Dead In Yemen ‘We Are Now Facing Serious Outbreak Of Cholera,’ Says Red Cross Health 2017-05-13 Long Eradicated Diseases Hidden In Permafrost May Run Rampant Again Thanks To Climate Change Health 2017-05-07 PPD Awareness Month: Mom Gets Real About Postpartum Depression, Shows How Life’s Not Always ‘Facebook Ready’ Health 2017-05-07 Does Johnson’s Baby Powder Cause Cancer? Woman Awarded $110.5 Million In Baby Powder Lawsuit Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Science 2017-05-14 Atheism Makes You More Intelligent: Research Gaming 2017-05-14 ‘Clash Of Clans’ Hack 2017: Free Gems Cheat Creating More Buzz Than May 2017 ‘Clash Of Clans’ Update Technology 2017-05-14 Intel To Unveil Newfangled VR Games Next Month Technology 2017-05-14 iPhone 8 To Release Non-Voice-Operated Siri With Text, Image, Video Recognition BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-05-14 Miss USA 2017 Winner – Miss D.C. Kara McCullough Loses Twitter: ‘Affordable Healthcare Is A Privilege’ BuzzWorthy 2017-05-14 600-Pound Weight Loss: Couple Who Sticks Together, Loses Weight Together BuzzWorthy 2017-05-14 Trump’s Golf Trip #21 – Trump Golfs On Mother’s Day In Sterling, Virginia, Tweets Melania ‘Happy Mother’s Day’ BuzzWorthy 2017-05-14 Is Avril Lavigne Dead And Replaced By Melissa Vandella? Here’s The Real Story Behind The Viral Hoax SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss WATCH: Trump Russia Mob Ties Exposed In Shocking New Documentary — Dutch TV Goes Where U.S. Networks Have Not BuzzWorthy 355 0 0 May 14, 2017 WATCH: Trump Russia Mob Ties Exposed In Shocking New Documentary — Dutch TV Goes Where U.S. Networks Have Not Jonathan Vankin A television documentary that aired last week in the Netherlands exposes in shocking detail the financial and business ties between Donald Trump and Russian organized crime and business interests. The question now remains, with the documentary The Dubious Friends of Donald Trump remaining unseen by American television audiences, will United States media follow up on the reporting detailed by the Dutch investigative team from the TV news program Zembla. Both parts of the two-part documentary, detailing Trump’s Russia ties in a New York real estate project known as the Trump SoHo — a hotel and condominium complex — can be viewed in their entirety and in English, below on this page. The Dutch Public Broadcasting investigative documentary series Zembla has a long history producing exposés of government corruption. The Dutch connection to the Trump Russia ties that apparently prompted Zembla to produce the investigative documentary comes in a Dutch company that was apparently used as the pawn of a money-laundering scheme used by the real estate firm, Bayrock, which was a partner with Trump in the Soho luxury hotel and condo project. Trump had an 18 percent stake in the development. The Bayrock firm was created by Felix Sater, a Russian-born businessman who was once, while working as a stockbroker on Wall Street, convicted of stabbing another broker in the face with broken glass. The Dutch doc found Felix Sater, the mob tied partner Trump pretends not to recognize. Vaping and repping the Yanks. https://t.co/DhVnLRQIbw pic.twitter.com/GsoFDHxs4x — justin kanew (@justin_kanew) May 4, 2017 “A ZEMBLA investigation suggests that Bayrock siphoned off $1.5 million dollars by setting up a corporate structure in the Netherlands in 2007. In New York, Bayrock also stands accused of large-scale tax fraud,” according to a Zembla online summary of the documentary. “This incriminating information could place Donald Trump in an extremely difficult position, claims attorney F. Oberlander, who is prosecuting Bayrock on behalf of the State of New York: ‘The maximum jail term would be 30 years. So you’re in really serious trouble.'” Watch the entire Zembla documentary, The Dubious Friends of Donald Trump, by clicking on the video below. The documentary’s reporting also connects close Trump associate and former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani to the alleged money laundering scheme. The “corporate structure in the Netherlands” was created by Sater and Bayrock on the legal advice of the New York law firm Bracewell & Giuliani, in which Giuliani is a founding partner. The second part of the investigative film exposes Trump’s relationship with Russian oligarch Lev Leviev, a close friend of Russian leader Vladimir Putin — and who sold the former New York Times building in Manhattan’s Times Square to Trump’s son-in-law Jared Kushner, who is now one of Trump’s closest White House advisers. The Inquisitr has previously reported on Trump’s relationships with both Sater and Leviev, and other Russian oligarchs, in a report that may be accessed at this link. Also, see the box at the bottom of this page for more Inquisitr coverage of the Trump Russia scandal. The Trump SoHo hotel, the real estate development at the center of the new Dutch documentary’s investigative reporting. (Image by Drew Angerer/Getty Images) “The exposed financial trail raises questions about whether Trump fired FBI director James Comey because the FBI investigation of his campaign’s collusion with Russia was encroaching into Trump’s world of dark money and dubious business partners,” wrote AlterNet reporter Steve Rosenfeld in his summary of the Dutch documentary on Friday. Rosenfeld also raised the question of why United States news organizations have appeared reluctant to follow the money trail. “Why did 60 Minutes pass on the Bayrock story in 2016? Why did ABC News’ Brian Ross pass on the Trump Soho story in 2015? Why has no major network done any kind of documentary on what the Dutch just did?” Rosenfeld quotes journalist James Henry as wondering. Henry’s investigative findings form a significant part of The Dubious Friends of Donald Trump. EXPLORE THE DONALD TRUMP RUSSIA SCANDAL INQUISITR ARCHIVE Donald Trump’s Russia Money Links Remain Unclear After Letter From Russia-Connected Law Firm, Experts Say FBI Warrants Served — Office Of GOP Consultant Linked To Trump Pals Searched Donald Trump’s Bizarre Russia Meeting: Russians At Center Of Scandal Visit Oval Office After Comey Firing Donald Trump Suffering From ‘Paranoid Delusion,’ GOP Insider Says — Is Removal Under 25th Amendment Next? James Comey Trump FBI Investigation ‘Close’ On Russia Connections, Forcing Director’s Firing, New Report Says Trump Russia Grand Jury Investigation Confirmed: Online Reports Prove True As Subpoenas Handed Down Sally Yates Trump Russia Hearing: The Bombshell Revelation No One’s Talking About, But Could Change Everything James Comey Confirms Trump Russia Prosecutions: Collusion Scandal May End With Indictments, Impeachment Trump Russia Scandal: Grand Jury Investigation Underway, Sources Say — Could Force Impeachment If True Trump Russia Scandal: Russia May Soon Control U.S. Oil Company That Gave Big Bucks To Trump Trump Russia Collusion: ‘Concrete Evidence’ Trump Team, Russia Conspired On Election Hacks, New Report Says Trump Russia Scandal Bombshell: Conspiracy ‘Smoking Gun’ Found In Hungary Connection, New Report States Trump Russia Hearing: Russians Used ‘Cut Out’ In Leak To Wikileaks — But Who? Trump Russia Scandal: Vladimir Putin ‘Think Tank’ Planned How To Rig U.S. Election For Trump WATCH: Trump Russia Investigation Told To ‘Follow The Trail Of Dead Russians’ Trump Russia Scandal: 2 White House Officials Fed Secret Intel To Devin Nunes Donald Trump Caught On Tape With Russian Spy, Report Claims James Comey Trump Russia Hearing: 5 Incredible Moments Nobody Is Talking About Trump Obama Wiretap Charge: Russian Propaganda Was Source Of ‘British’ Spy Claim Trump WikiLeaks Collusion Seen As Farage, Stone Make Contact With Julian Assange Donald Trump Met Russian Ambassador Last April, Lied About It Later, Report Says Donald Trump Linked To Iran Through Shadowy Hotel Deal, Explosive Report Charges Trump Russia FBI Transcripts May Show Collusion, Must Be Released, Senator Says Jared Kushner Russia Link: Trump Son-In-Law, Adviser Met Russian Kislyak Trump, Russia, And Malaysia Airlines MH17 Shootdown: New Suspect Has Putin Link Trump-Russia Connection: Four Russia-Linked Characters Trump Claims Not To Know Donald Trump, Russia, And Rosneft: Shares Sold To Mystery Buyer Once Offered As Trump Bribe The Donald Trump Russia Connection: 5 Facts You Should Know About Candidate’s Possible Ties To Putin [Featured Image by Pool/Getty Images] Share 355 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Jonathan Vankin Tags: Donald Trump, trump russia, watch live online July 27, 2016 France Church Attack: ISIS Claims Responsibility For Killing Father Jacques Hamel July 21, 2016 FBI Joins Search For Missing Florida Teen, 14, In Washington State [Update] Comments LATEST HEADLINES Did CM Punk Really Sell More Merchandise Than John Cena? Are The Big Baller Brand’s ZO2 Prime Good For Basketball, Sneaker Culture? [Opinion] Recent Success Leaves Dodgers With What Appears To Be 90’s Nostalgia [Opinion] Dear Liberals: It’s Not Us, It’s You [Opinion] Derek Jeter Night Quickly Overtaken By Springer, Astros Punk Band PWR BTTM’s Album Release Derailed By Lead Singer’s Alleged Sexual Abuse Scandal ‘Little People, Big World’s’ Zach And Tori Welcome Baby! See The Cute First Family Photo Runaway Black Hole Hunted Down By NASA Is 160 Million Times The Mass Of The Sun ‘Dragon Ball Super’: The Pros And Cons Of Having Frieza As U7’s 10th Member [Opinion] Analysts Pick Apart Kevin O’Leary’s Sudden Withdrawal From Conservative Leadership Race In Canada Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Donald Trump Indictment: Sealed Indictment Reportedly Issued Against Trump, Will Become Basis For Impeachment 7.4k 0 0 Full List Of 2017-2018 Canceled Shows For CBS, NBC, ABC, FX, Fox, Hulu, Netflix, HBO, Starz, And More 7.1k 0 0 ‘Last Man Standing’ Canceled With 8.1M Viewers: Fans Boycott ABC Over Tim Allen’s Conservative Christian Role 9.8k 0 0 Stephen King Is Calling For Trump To Be Impeached 7.1k 0 0 Canceled TV Shows 2017 Announced For ABC, NBC, CBS, Fox, And More 4.9k 0 0 Jim Parsons, Star of ‘The Big Bang Theory’ Marries His Long Time Love In New York 3.3k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
